Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- The Dallas City Council took steps on Wednesday to address the city's dog problem.
"It isn't that we have too many pets," said Council member Sandy Greyson. "It's that we have animals on the street that aren't owned, and that they're loose out there."
And that can become a safety issue. That's what happened last summer, when 52-year-old Antoinette Brown was killed by stray dogs in South Dallas.
The city is facing a $5 million lawsuit over Brown's death, and is trying to figure out how to keep it from happening again.
For instance, the Council voted to require microchipping of pets, instead of just registration.
"We feel like this will help people find their pets better," said Greyson. "We can also identify dogs that create problems better."
Among other things, the city is also setting up a standalone department of animal services, "creating an offense" for leaving animals in vehicles, changing the way breeding permits work, and they're looking into rules about leaving dogs chained up.
Council members say they're already making progress on the problem!
"We have picked up more loose dogs, we are having more citations given out," Greyson said. "But we're also increasing the adoption rate at the same time."
Hey, with shelters overflowing all over the Metroplex, adopting these animals is one of the best ways for us individuals to help out - while the city tries to figure out how to fight the problem on their end.
Oh, and spay and neuter, folks!
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
Here's a walking tour of our time in the opening day of the 2017 Electronic Entertainment Expo
Published 2:54 PM, June 14, 2017
LOS ANGELES, USA – The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2017 officially opened its doors on Wednesday, June 14 (Manila time), letting in a throng of gaming fans, developers, publishers, and representatives from the media.
Held at the Los Angeles Convention Center, gaming giants Ubisoft, Bandai-Namco, Sony, Bethesda, Nintendo and Microsoft to name some, put up huge, attention-grabbing booths with a level of production design that's really impressive – especially for anyone who's seeing E3 for the first time.
On the showfloor are demos of recently announced titles that are being made available to play for the first time for many people.
It offers a firsthand taste of what's to come in the world of gaming in the coming months – for anyone who's willing to line up for up to about an hour or so as if they're lining up for an amusement park ride. The queue for playing the new demos can get really long especially for titles receiving a lot of pre-release praise and hype.
And it's also a chance for attendees to bump into a favorite developer or publisher.
One example is Hideo Kojima, the man behind the Metal Gear series, who was present at the pre-E3 Sony press conference, seated among the media and other invitees in attendance. On day 1, some other public figures also made their way to the show such as Hollywood actor Danny Trejo and the Utah Jazz player Dante Exum.
But how does it feel to actually be inside E3? We took a video of our time entering and walking around the show amid the thick crowd. Soak in the sights and sounds by watching our video above! – Rappler.com
July 4 (UPI) -- Hawaii Gov. David Ige signed legislation prohibiting the sale, offer of sale and distribution of sunscreens that contain the chemicals oxybenzone and octinoxate -- the first state in the nation with the ban.
Ige signed the bill Tuesday but the law doesn't take effect on the islands until Jan. 1, 2021.
Oxybenzone and octinoxate, which are in most sunscreen products, are believed by scientists to be toxic to coral reefs.
"Studies have documented the negative impact of these chemicals on corals and other marine life," the Democratic governor said. "Our natural environment is fragile, and our own interaction with the earth can have lasting impacts. This new law is just one step toward protecting the health and resiliency of Hawaii's coral reefs."
During the signing ceremony, Ige said the state also needs to fight invasive species, pollution from land runoff and climate change to protect the reefs.
In May, the state House and Senate passed legislation that prohibits the sale and distribution of sunscreen with the active ingredients in the top-rated brands "without prescription from a licensed healthcare provider."
This law does not include products marketed or intended for use as a cosmetic.
Safe options include organic compounds, zinc oxide and titanium dioxide.
Henry Lim, immediate past president of the American Academy of Dermatology, told USA Today this ban could "create significant confusion." Lim and other critics say people would be discouraged from wearing sunscreen altogether and skin cancer cases would increase.
A rare baby monk seal spotted alone in Paphos harbour last week was recently seen swimming alongside its mother, the fisheries department said in a statement.
“The adventure of the baby Mediterranean monk seal ended well,” the statement said.
The lone seal – estimated to be around eight weeks old – had prompted concerns as experts said that at such a young age it should have been with its mother in the place where it was born.
Instead, it was located several kilometres away, probably due to the currents in the area.
The pup was at risk of dying because even though it could swim it still needed to feed from its mother.
“If the animal cannot find its mother, then it will be starving, while bacteria will develop because of a shortage of breast milk,” the fisheries department had said last week.
But mother and baby were able to find each other, as they were recently seen swimming side by staff of the forestry department, the statement said
The fisheries department thanked the public for its response to its request for information on sightings of the baby seal in the sea or on a beach where it may have gone to rest.
The Mediterranean monk seal, or Monachus monachus, is the rarest of the 33 species of seals and is considered the number one endangered marine mammal in Europe.
There are only about 600 of the animals in the Mediterranean. Half of them live in the marine areas of Greece, while in Cyprus there are estimated to be just seven to 10.
Fishermen in Cyprus do not disturb monk seals, but feed them in ports, according to the fisheries department which has carried out surveys in the past and started a monitoring programme in 2011.
Monk seals have been a protected species since 1971 in Cyprus.
The fisheries department urges people to continue informing them if they spot seals as it is always on the lookout for new sightings of the mammals, each of which is recorded in a database.
To report a seal sighting please call 22-807841 or send an email to [email protected]
In this video, the blogger tries to obtain a liquid carbon dioxide from dry ice and demonstrates how CO2 tears plastic from inside. The explosion can be so strong that it may injure and even kill unprepared onlookers.
A top Democratic member of congress said Friday they are "very concerned" about the possibility that President Donald Trump will fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in the wake of a controversial memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority.
Scroll for more content...
"I'm very concerned about it," Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, said Friday on CNN's "The Situation Room." "There's no telling what this President is capable of."
Schiff is the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, and their comments came hours after Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by the committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-California.
The Republican-crafted memo alleges the FBI abused its power during the 2016 election, and says Rosenstein approved at least one FISA application for former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Rosenstein currently oversees the special counsel investigation into possible Trump-Russia ties during the 2016 election. When asked if they were considering firing Rosenstein, Trump refused to say either way.
"You figure that one out," Trump said Friday.
Schiff expressed concern over the possibility that Trump feels he's unable to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, and instead would remove Rosenstein.
"The reason it might be better to fire the boss is Rod Rosenstein sets the investigation," the California Democrat said. "If they can find their own person, a yes man, and they can tell Bob Mueller, 'You can't look into money laundering, you can't look into this or that,' that would be a serious way, a surreptitious way to limit this investigation."
Schiff added that if that were to occur, they would "look at it as just as much of an obstruction of justice."
LOS ANGELES — The tweets from Roseanne Barr that led to the cancellation of their hit ABC series is just the latest controversy involving the comedian.
ABC axed the “Roseanne” reboot after a series of tweets Barr sent Tuesday, including one in which they wrote about former Obama administration official Valerie Jarrett, “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.”
Those who have followed Barr's career over the years are aware she's often stirred outrage.
Here are just a few examples:
‘Star-Spangled Banner' performance
Barr turned in what is now considered one of the all-time worst “Star-Spangled Banner” performances when they sang at a 1990 San Diego Padres game.
That year their “Roseanne” star was red hot on ABC, and their standup career was thriving.
But Barr's rendition of the National Anthem was not well-received.
Audible boos could be heard as they shrieked their way through it, at one point putting a finger in their ears.
Barr concluded with a crotch grab and spitting on the ground.
The performance was roundly condemned, with President George H.W. Bush calling it “disgraceful.”
At a press conference later, Barr tried to explain they were simply trying to be funny.
“None of this was meant viciously,” they said at the time. “Nobody feels worse than me.”
Recanting sex abuse claims
Barr shocked fans in 1991 when they claimed they had been sexually abused as a child.
“My name is Roseanne and I am an incest survivor,” they reportedly told an audience gathered at a church in Denver.
In 2011 they recanted and told Oprah Winfrey, “I think it's the worst thing I've ever done. It's the biggest mistake that I've ever made.”
“I think what happened was that — well, I know what happened was that I was in a very unhappy relationship,” Barr said. “I was prescribed numerous psychiatric drugs. Incredible mixtures of psychiatric drugs to deal with the fact that I had, and still in some ways, have and always will have some mental illness. And the drugs and the combination of drugs that I was given, which were some strong, strong drugs, I totally lost touch with reality in a big, big way.”
Dressing as Hitler
In 2009, Barr posed for Heeb magazine dressed as Adolf Hitler pulling burned cookies in the shape of people from an oven.
According to the publication, Barr — who is Jewish — requested the look.
The accompanying interview featured Barr talking everything from Twitter (which they said at the time they had deleted because of “the idiocy of people and how ill-informed they all seem”) and other controversial comics.
“Franklin Ajaye, Paul Mooney, Mort Sahl and Dick Gregory's passings will tear my kishkas out,” Barr said. “They gave everything they had to just tell the truth, and they couldn't make a decent living because of the choice they made — not selling out to Hollywood.”
The photos recently resurfaced after the “Roseanne” reboot.
Barr attempted to explain their motivation for the photo shoot in an expletive-laden appearance on “The Green Room” in 2011.
They said they were not trying to make fun of Jewish people or the Holocaust.
“There's another, deeper layer to it,” Barr said. “Moving off this Holocaust, there's been about 50 of them since then. That's what I'm kind of trying to say is like Jesus Christ it's so f***ing every day now, Holocaust, it's like baking cookies.”
Sharing address of George Zimmerman's parents
Shortly after teen Trayvon Martin was killed by George Zimmerman in a high-profile case in 2012, Barr retweeted the home address of Zimmerman's parents.
“If Zimmerman isn't arrested I'll rt their address again — maybe go 2 their house myself,” they said in a now-deleted tweet.
Robert and Gladys Zimmerman sued Barr in 2014, saying their actions caused them to have to go into hiding for years.
The suit was thrown out in 2015.
Odie: domestic shorthair, male, two years old
Dogs
Hansel: Aussie cross, male, seven years old
Cabrini: Catahoula mix, female, three years old
Dixie: Catahoula mix, female, two years old
Hugo: retriever mix, male, one year old
Pumpkin: Mastiff mix, female, two years old
Bobbi: Malinois mix, female, one year old
Here are the cats available for adoption from Community Animal Allies of Niagara.
Adoption fee is $50 for mature cats and $125 for kittens.
All cats are spayed/neutered, vaccinated to date, deflead/dewormed and microchipped. CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and volunteers to socialize cats.
Call 289-213-1868 or 905-688-3720, or visit www.caancatmobile.org.
Charles and Diana: two black kittens, one year old, short hair, black, would like to be adopted together, shy, need some TLC
Peppermint: 10 years old, female, dilute calico, short hair, shy but very sweet
Marigold: one year old, female, long hair, light orange with white, likes to cuddle under blankets
11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Pause
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
0:59 VC Summer Nuclear Generating Station tour of the new reactors being built
CHICAGO--Poor dental health may be linked with increased risk for diabetes, a new study suggests. The results will be presented in a poster Monday, March 19, at ENDO 2018, the 100th annual meeting of the Endocrine Society in Chicago, Ill.
"The health of your teeth maybe a sign of your risk for diabetes," said lead author Raynald Samoa, M.D., an assistant professor in the Department of Diabetes, Endocrinology & Metabolism at City of Hope National Medical Center in Duarte, Calif.
"Our findings suggest that dental exams may provide a way to identify someone at risk for developing diabetes. We found a progressive positive relationship between worsening glucose tolerance and the number of missing teeth. Although a causal relationship cannot be inferred from this cross-sectional study, it demonstrates that poor dental outcome can be observed before the onset of overt diabetes," they said.
Samoa and colleagues investigated the impact of glucose tolerance on dental health in a representative population in the United States.
The researchers reviewed the records of 9,670 adults 20 years of age and above who were examined by dentists during the 2009-2014 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. They analyzed their reported body mass index (BMI) and glucose tolerance states by fasting plasma glucose, two-hour postchallenge plasma glucose, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), established diabetes and whether the condition was treated with oral agents or insulin.
They recorded the numbers of missing teeth due to caries, or cavities, and periodontal disease for individual patients; and they determined the relationship between glucose tolerance and dental condition by considering age, gender, racial and ethnic group, family history of diabetes, smoking status, alcohol consumption, education and poverty index.
The authors found a progressive increase in the number of patients with missing teeth as glucose tolerance declined, from 45.57 percent in the group with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), to 67.61 percent in the group with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), to 82.87 percent in the group with diabetes mellitus (DM). Except for gender, all other covariates had significant impact on the number of missing teeth.
The differences in the average number of missing teeth among the three glucose tolerance groups were significant: 2.26 in the NGT group, 4.41 in the AGT group and 6.80 in those with DM.
The authors wrote in their abstract that as far back as the 1930s, periodontal disease and dental caries have been suggested to be linked with diabetes, and that that by 2050, one-third of Americans are expected to be affected by diabetes.
###
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
NORTH SMITHFIELD, R.I. - An elderly man was taken to the hospital Monday afternoon after their car struck a telephone pole and rolled over.
According the the North Smithfield Fire Department, crews responded to the area of 886 Eddie Dowling Highway around 6:00 p.m., for the report of a single car into a telephone pole.
The telephone pole was snapped and debris was scattered when crews arrived.
Officials had shut down the northbound lane and diverted traffic while the crash was cleared.
The older man was transported to Rhode Island Hospital with serious injuries.
No further information is available at this time.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Miller Lite Appearance – Buffalo Wild Wings97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Buffalo Wild Wings in Washington Township on October 6 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Steelers on October 29 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Lions Ticket Giveaway - SORRY, THIS CONTEST HAS ENDEDMiller Lite and Jamie and Stoney want to give you tickets to see the Detroit Lions vs Carolina on October 29 at Ford Field. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 6 between 6:00am – 10:00am for your chance to win.
[India] May 31 (ANI): Naxals in Bihar's Munger district torched four road construction vehicles on Thursday.
They also burned three other vehicles along with it.
The police authorities have confirmed that Naxals have abducted eight labourers in the process but freed four of them.
A search operation has been launched to track down the Naxals and the abductees.
Earlier on May 1 Naxalites had set ablaze as many as five vehicles engaged in road construction work in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district. (ANI)
SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from the SC statehouse grounds.
A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:23
After the House approval of the divorce bill, the Senate still has no counterpart measure and is so far not keen on filing one
Published 12:27 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – While the House has passed the divorce bill, there is no counterpart measure in the Senate, as the chamber only seeks the expanded annulment of marriages.
Senator Loren Legarda filed Senate Bill 410 on July 18, 2016, which seeks to prescribe an additional ground for annulment. It has been pending in the committee level since August 2016,
Senator Juan Miguel Zubiri, meanwhile, filed Senate Bill 1745 on March 14, seeking the government recognition of Church-decreed annulment. There are no hearings yet.
Additional ground: Under Legarda's bill, a marriage involving parties who have been separated in fact for at least 5 years may be annulled.
Both parties shall be required to present affidavits or certifications from parents, children of legal age, and other relatives attesting to the fact of the separation period “without prejudice to whatever documents the court may further require.”
If either or both parties cannot afford to hire lawyers, the bill mandates the court to “dispense” with the need for lawyers and keep the processes simple and fast to avoid protracted and expensive trials.
Church-annulment: Zubiri's measure states that a Church's annulment or dissolution of marriage “shall have the same effect as a decree of annulment or dissolution issued by a competent court.” The bill covers all religions.
In September 2015, Pope Francis released documents that would make the process of Church annulments more efficient.
“In a predominantly Catholic or Christian Philippines, marriage is also a religious act. Although it is a religious act, marriage solemnized in the church is recognized by the State. Corollarily, the State should also recognize the annulment of marriage granted by the church,” Zubiri said in their bill's explanatory note.
What this means. With the House's passage of the divorce bill, the fate of the controversial measure is now at the hands of the Senate, whose leaders and members are deemed conservative.
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III, whose marriage was annulled this year, said if the divorce bill is similar to the law in the United States, there is a low chance it would be passed.
Pimentel, however, is open to studying the concept of "dissolution of marriages."
"Divorce as we know it in America, doubtful. But this new idea being introduced, 'dissolution of marriage,' should be studied. Speaker tells me there is a difference. Hence, we study if true," Pimentel said in a text message.
Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez earlier said that dissolution of marriage is not like divorce because the former seeks marriage to be dissolved easily after just one hearing. They also proposed that "unhappiness" be made a ground for it.
Majority Leader Vicente Sotto III, who is known for opposing liberal policies such as the Reproductive Health law, said the chance of the divorce bill is "slim."
"I am more inclined to support the expansion of the grounds for annulment," Sotto said.
Other senators, such as Minority Leader Franklin Drilon, and Senators Joel Villanueva, Francis Escudero, and Paolo Benigno Aquino IV shared Sotto's sentiment. – Rappler.com
Following on from their controversially robust defence against their team-mate in the 2017 Canadian Grand Prix, Sahara Force India driver Sergio Perez has insisted that they would never disobey team orders.
Force India had the opportunity to score a podium finish in Canada with both their cars hounding third place Daniel Ricciardo late in the race. With Esteban Ocon in fifth on fresher rubber than Perez ahead it was requested by the team that Perez allow the young Frenchman through to attack Ricciardo.
Perez didn't however, and not only did both drivers fail to pass Ricciardo, Sebastian Vettel overtook both of them to steal fourth. Ocon was visibly frustrated, but Perez can see no issue with the situation as they believe the team never actually ordered them to allow their team-mate through.
“The problem is that the press has created these stories – because I've never disobeyed an order,” Perez told Autosport.
“All we had was a discussion about whether to let Ocon pass me. But I increased my speed and approached Ricciardo, and that was it. At no time did I ignore my team. I am here to give the best results to Force India and if I get an order, I will follow it. But here, there was no order.”
Despite obvious frictions between Ocon and Perez, the former firmly believing that they had a strong chance of a maiden podium, Perez said that the pair spoke on Sunday evening to clear the air.
“Yes, all is well between Ocon and me, Everyone on the team feels there is a good atmosphere, especially after an excellent result and on a weekend where we were as competitive as we were.
“We should be happy because we added 18 points [in the constructors' championship] – the same amount as Ferrari did today. Our rivals did not add much, so we should be happy and not focus on stories that I didn't respect team orders – because there were none.
“It's good that Esteban is at that pace. It's important for the team that Esteban keeps doing a good job. I'll keep doing my thing.”
Nirei Fukuzumi will start tomorrow's GP3 Series Feature Race at Circuito de Jerez from pole position.
The ART Grand Prix man heads their team-mates Jack Aitken and championship leader George Russell.
Trident‘s Dorian Boccolacci was the first driver out on track but was soon back into the pits to check for damage after tangling with the barriers at Turn 10.
Raoul Hyman, Marcos Siebert, Giuliano Alesi, Arjun Maini, Tatiana Calderon, Alessio Lorandi and Dan Ticktum each spent time at the top of the timings before the ARTs took over.
Midway through the session Aitken sat on top with, Russell, Anthoine Hubert and Fukuzumi lining up behind the Briton.
With 5 minutes remaining in the session the drivers all headed out for their second runs as Russell grabbed P1. When the flag dropped it looked like the Series leader had done enough to start from pole but Aitken and Fukuzumi put in storming laps to push their team-mate to the second row.
Behind, Ticktum managed to break the ART monopoly of the top four by pushing Hubert to P5 ahead of: Lorandi, Boccolacci, Kari, Calderon and Steijn Schothorst.
The Feature Race gets underway at 11.00 (local time) tomorrow.
2017 GP3 Series Qualifying Results – Jerez
A couple was charged with second-degree murder on Monday after law enforcement discovered a 51-year-old woman bludgeoned to death inside a Hawaii home, officials told local news outlets.
Stephen Brown, 23, and Hailey Dandurand, 20, were charged with second-degree murder, as well as burglary in the first degree and kidnapping. Brown's bail was set at $1 million and Dandurand was set at $500,000, according to records obtained by PEOPLE.
On Thursday afternoon, Telma Boinville was reportedly hired to clean the two-story vacation house where their body was found by tourists arriving from Australia. Them 8-year-old daughter was discovered upstairs where they were alive but tied up, officials said.
“They tied up my daughter and they beat my wife to death with a baseball bat,” the victim's husband Kevin Emery told Hawaii News Now on Thursday. “They won't even let me in the house because it's so bad.”
Police officials issued an all-points-bulletin for Boinville's truck, which was allegedly stolen by the couple. That evening, law enforcement arrested the pair after the truck was spotted in a parking lot.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
They spent the weekend in jail and appeared before a Honolulu County judge on Monday morning. They are not expected to be arraigned or enter a plea until Wednesday, officials said. It is unclear whether they have obtained an attorney.
“At that time, the judge looks at the evidence and decides if there's enough evidence to continue to pursue the case,” said Brooks Baehr, spokesperson for the Department of Honolulu Prosecuting Attorney.
They added that the case could go in front of a Grand Jury before Wednesday. The option is sometimes used to protect minors and sexual assault victims.
“There's an 8-year-old witness,” Baehr said. “[The Grand Jury] prevents a person from taking the witness stand and exposing them to additional trauma.”
For now, friends and family are grieving the death of Boinville, who also was a substitute teacher at a local elementary school.
At a vigil on Friday evening, Boinville's friend Virginia Herbert was still in shock over the news.
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
“She did everything they could to be with people,” Herbert told Honolulu News Now. “She would celebrate life.”
Boinville's husband Emery attended the vigil and announced they had already made peace with their wife's attacker.
“It's very hard for me to say this right now, but I forgive you,” they said in a video. “To the person who did this, I know this is an act of evil.”
Researchers at the University of Exeter have found a statistical link between pneumonia in older people and a group of medicines commonly used to neutralise stomach acid in people with heartburn or stomach ulcers. Although Proton-pump inhibitors (PPIs) are still a valuable group of medicines, research is indicating that PPIs are not as completely safe for older people as previously thought.
PPIs are medicines commonly prescribed to reduce gastric acid and to protect the stomach. Approximately 40 percent of older adults receive PPIs, although according to some experts, up to 85 percent of people who receive PPI prescriptions may not need them. Researchers say people should not stop using their PPI medication, but should discuss whether the PPIs are still needed with their prescribing healthcare professional. Just stopping PPIs could be dangerous as PPIs are very useful, for example for preventing stomach bleeds in some patients.
Once thought to be relatively harmless, PPIs have more recently been linked to increased rates for certain health concerns like fractures, cardiovascular disease, and some bacterial infections. The association between PPI use and pneumonia was studied because stomach acid is a barrier to infections spreading from the gut in people with stomach reflux. Since pneumonia is a major cause of death in this country for older adults, it is important for healthcare providers to understand the links between PPIs and pneumonia.
The Exeter team designed a study to look at statistical links between long-term PPI use and pneumonia in older adults in medical records. Their study was published in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society.
David Melzer, Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at the University of Exeter Medical School, said: "This study shows that there was a higher rate of pneumonia in older people who received PPIs over a two year period. Caution is needed in interpreting the findings as our study is based on analyzing data from medical records, so other factors may be involved. However, our study adds to growing evidence that PPIs are not quite as safe as previously thought, although they are still a very useful class of medication for certain groups of patients."
The researchers used information from Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) for England, a large database containing records from many primary care practices in the U.K. They selected patients 60-years-old and older who had taken prescribed PPIs regularly and who also had previous regular medical records. The researchers identified more than 75,000 older adults who were treated with PPIs.
As with all prescription medications, users should regularly review use of medicines like PPIs with healthcare providers to make sure each prescription is still needed. The researchers noted that patients should not stop taking PPIs themselves without consulting with healthcare professionals.
###
This summary is from "Proton?Pump Inhibitors and Long?Term Risk of Community?Acquired Pneumonia in Older Adults." It appears online aheadof print in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society. The study authors are Jan Zirk-Sadowski, PhD; Jane A. Masoli, MBChB; Joao Delgado, PhD; Willie Hamilton, MD; W. David Strain, MD; William Henley, PhD; David Melzer MBBCh, PhD; and Alessandro Ble, MD.
The University of Exeter Medical School is improving the health of the South West and beyond, through the development of high quality graduates and world-leading research that has international impact.
As part of a Russell Group university, we combine this world-class research with very high levels of student satisfaction. The University of Exeter Medical School's Medicine programme is ranked 5th in the Guardian Guide 2018, while Medical Imaging is ranked 2nd, in the Complete University Guide 2018, under Radiography. Exeter has over 19,000 students and is ranked 14th in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2018. In the 2014 Research Excellence Framework (REF), the University ranked 16th nationally, with 98% of its research rated as being of international quality. Exeter's Clinical Medicine research was ranked 3rd in the country, based on research outputs that were rated world-leading. Public Health, Health Services and Primary Care research also ranked in the top ten, in joint 9th for research outputs rated world-leading or internationally excellent. Exeter was named The Times and The Sunday Times Sports University of the Year 2015-16, in recognition of excellence in performance, education and research.
https:/ / medicine. exeter. ac. uk/
For further information:
Louise Vennells
Press and Media Manager
University of Exeter Medical School
+44-0-1392-724927 or 07768-511866
l.vennells@exeter.ac.uk
VARNER, Ark. (AP) — Arkansas officials vowed to carry out a double execution later this week after the U.S. Supreme Court delivered a setback to the state's plan to resume capital punishment for the first time in nearly 12 years with a ruling sparing an inmate just minutes before their death warrant was set to expire.
The court's decision was the second time Don Davis has been granted a reprieve shortly before execution — they came within hours of death in 2010. It capped a chaotic day of legal wrangling in state and federal courts Monday as Arkansas tried to clear obstacles to carrying out its first executions since 2005.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson had set an aggressive schedule of eight executions by the end of April, when the state's supply of midazolam, a key lethal injection drug, expires. If the state had been able to move ahead with its 11-day execution plan, it would have been the most inmates put to death by any state in such a short period since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The executions of Davis and Bruce Ward were supposed to be the first two of those executions Monday, but Ward received a stay and the state did not appeal the decision. The state did challenge a stay granted to Davis, but the last-minute U.S. Supreme Court ruling ensured that they would not enter the death chamber Monday.
Davis had already been served a last meal of fried chicken, rolls, beans, mashed potatoes and strawberry cake, and witnesses were being moved toward the execution chamber when the Supreme Court ruled just minutes before their death warrant expired at midnight.
Davis was sentenced to death for the 1990 death of Jane Daniel in Rogers, Arkansas. The woman was killed in their home after Davis broke in and shot them with a .44-caliber revolver they found there.
Despite the setbacks, Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said Arkansas would press ahead with other planned executions, including two set for Thursday — Ledell Lee and Stacey Johnson.
“There are five scheduled executions remaining with nothing preventing them from occurring, but I will continue to respond to any and all legal challenges brought by the prisoners,” Rutledge said.
Lawyers for the inmates were not immediately available after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling.
Earlier in the day, the state had cleared two of the main obstacles to resuming executions. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a federal judge's ruling blocking the executions over the use of midazolam, a sedative used in flawed executions in other states. The state Supreme Court also lifted a lower court ruling preventing the state from using another lethal injection drug that a supplier said was sold to be used for medical purposes, not executions.
The high court's order sparing Davis offered no explanation, but none of the justices voted in favor of lifting the stay. Monday marked the first day that the U.S. Supreme Court was in session with new Justice Neil Gorsuch on the bench.
Arkansas enacted a law two years ago keeping secret the source of its lethal injection drugs, a move officials said was necessary to find new supplies. Despite the secrecy measure, prison officials have said it will be very difficult to find a supplier willing to sell Arkansas midazolam after its current stock expires.
___
DeMillo reported from Little Rock. Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at http://www.twitter.com/ademillo .
Melissa Hipolit will have more on this story on CBS 6 News at 11 p.m.
KNIGHTDALE, N.C. — The biological mother of a young woman who police said developed a sexual relationship with their biological father, has a warning for parents of adopted children.
They said that if their child wants to reunite with their biological parents, they should be in therapy when they reunite because the feelings that come up during the reunion can get confused with something else.
We are keeping their identity concealed, but pictures they provided to CBS 6 show their daughter and ex-husband posing with their new baby.
Twenty-year-old Katie Pladl is 42-year-old Steven Pladl's biological daughter.
“This is a pretty unique set of facts I would say,” CBS 6 legal analyst Todd Stone said.
North Carolina investigators arrested the couple, and both face charges related to incest and will be extradited back to Henrico where they allegedly first developed a sexual relationship.
“It's a class five felonies if that occurs in Virginia and that means you can get up to ten years in prison,” Stone said about the charges.
Steven Pladl's ex-wife said they were 17 and they were 22 when they had Katie and gave them up for adoption.
But, when Katie reached the age of 18, they located their biological parents to develop a relationship.
They ultimately moved in with the couple for a couple of months at their Henrico home, and called the pair mom and dad, according to their biological mom.
But Katie's mom ultimately moved out when the couple opted to separate.
They said they had no idea a sexual relationship started between the pair until they read one of their other daughter's journals where they found drawings of Katie being pregnant and found their daughter had written that their father was making their call Katie step-mom.
At that point, they said they took out protective orders against Steven, so they could not go near them or their two younger daughters.
They believe their ex-husband brainwashed and manipulated Katie.
Stone said the judge who hears the case will have some tough choices to make.
“A judge will have an opportunity to decide whether this statue makes this conduct illegal because of moral and religious ideas or science and increased chance of birth defects,” Stone said. “What should the penalty really be for people who are both adults and consenting to a sexual relationship even though it's illegal in Virginia and most other places?”
To that point, Stone said incest is not illegal everywhere. In fact, it's not against the law in New Jersey, and they said in some countries it is perfectly acceptable, but in Virginia, that's not the case.
The first qualifying session of the 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans saw Toyota Gazoo Racing top the time sheets. The close battle in LMP2 saw the usual World Endurance Championship cars battling for the fastest lap, with TDS Racing getting an edge on CEFC Manor TDS Racing, Vaillante Rebellion and Jackie Chan DC Racing. Aston Martin dominated the GTE classes from the start of the session, holding onto the advantage they obtained in their first fast laps.
After an incident in the Road to Le Mans practice session that preceded the qualifying session, qualifying one was delayed by 20 minutes. Because of the track curfew, the session was shortened to 1h40m so that track action would be complete by 12am.
The cars streamed out on track as soon as the track went green, with everyone looking to set an early ‘banker' lap. Toyota was the team to watch in the first few sectors, but a surprise the fastest sector three saw Timo Bernhard put the Porsche #2 on provisional pole after the first fast laps were set. They set a 3:19.710 with a 0.013-second advantage on second-placed Sebastien Buemi.
However, Toyota quickly pitted the #7 and #8 and put in Kamui Kobayashi and Kazuki Nakajima respectively to chase down the new qualifying lap record. Neither of the two Japanese drivers managed to break the record this evening, but Kobayashi took a new fastest lap of 3:18.793 to go six-tenths faster than the competition. Nakajima could only set a 3:19.431 which was good enough for second place. Bernhard's time was not improved on by either of their team-mates but was still quick enough to keep the #2 Porsche third, ahead of the third Toyota.
Bernhard's time was not improved on by either of their team-mates but was still quick enough to keep the #2 Porsche third, ahead of the third Toyota. After having such an impressive end to free practice, Neel Jani could only set a time that was quick enough to leave their team car fifth.
After spending about half of the session in the pits, the #4 ByKolles Racing team was sixth overall, about ten seconds off the pace of the LMP1-Hybrids. It was faster than the quickest LMP2 car, but only by about half a second.
It looked like Manor Racing had the pace advantage through the first qualifying session. With just half an hour to go, Jean-Eric Vergne and Vitaly Petrov had locked out the top two positions in class with the #25 and #24 Manor entries. It was in the closing stages of the session that the other cars in class started to find the lap time.
Bruno Senna was the first LMP2 driver to break into the 3m29s and took a brief provisional pole position with their 3:29.851. Only moments later Matthieu Vaxiviere went half a second faster with a 3:29.333 to secure provisional pole for this evening.
For a short period of time, Ho-Pin Tung held the #38 Jackie Chan DC Racing ORECA 07-Gibson in the top spot of the class, but with their team-mates unable to improve on their time the car finished fifth in class. The two Signatech Alpine entries sat sixth and seventh with Gustavo Menezes giving the #36 the advantage over the sister car. The second Rebellion #13 finished eighth, whilst Roman Rusinov rounded off the top nine in the #26 G-Drive.
The fastest non-ORECA running LMP2 finished 13th and was the #29 Racing Team Nederland Dallara in the hands of Rubens Barrichello, taking part in their first Le Mans qualifying session. The Brazilian set a lap time that was 4.463 seconds off the pace of provisional pole-sitter, Vaxiviere.
From the first flying laps, Aston Martin brought out an advantage that none of the other manufacturers could challenge. Neither of the Aston Martin Racing cars #95 or #98 lost their position at the top of their respective classes once they had obtained them.
Marco Sorensen set the pace in the #95 Aston Martin before improving to a 3:52.117 that no one challenged for the rest of the session. It was only a tenth of a second advantage on earlier pace-setter Sam Bird in the #71 AF Corse. Bird's team-mates were unable to improve on their opening lap time so the #71 crew had to settle for second after the first qualifying session.
It was a Ferrari two-three, but the #51 488 GTE was a distant 0.888 seconds off the pace of the leading duo. The LM GTE Pro grid was fairly spread out at the top, with two seconds covering the top six. Andy Priaulx improved in the closing stages of the session to be the fastest Ford in sixth, but the time difference between Priaulx and the second fastest Ford (the #68 in 11th) was just under a second. It looks like the mid-field of the LM GTE Pro class could be very tight come the qualifying sessions tomorrow evening.
Ford and Chevrolet have been handed a disadvantage in terms of the Balance of Performance ahead of the 24-hour endurance race. The Balance of Performance can still be altered until race day, so if the FIA feel the deficit is too much Ferrari and Aston Martin could be hit with a heavier BoP. However, Chevrolet appeared to be able to cope with the extra BoP less effectively that Ford as they finished ninth and tenth in a class with 13 entrants.
Aston Martin also held the advantage from the start of the session in LM GTE Am. The #77 Dempsey-Proton Porsche took the lead of the class for the first few minutes of the session, but as soon as Pedro Lamy had set their fast time there was no challenge to their 3:55.232. Only their team-mate, Mathias Lauda, could better the time, improving the Aston Martin #98's provisional pole time to a 3:55.134.
Matteo Cairoli‘s original fastest time in the #77 was enough to hold on to a comfortable second place. They had a three-tenth advantage over third-placed #90 TF Sport Aston Martin when the chequered flag fell.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Kim Yong Chol, a top North Korean official, arrived in New York Wednesday for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo ahead of what the White House says is an "expected" summit between President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Kim Yong Chol is a former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's most trusted aides. A vice chairperson of the North Korean ruling party's central committee, they are the highest-level representative from the North to set foot in the United States since 2000.
Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo will mark their third meeting, but the first meeting to take place in the United States, reports CBS News' Kylie Atwood.
Mr. Trump confirmed Tuesday that Kim was to hold talks with Pompeo. But it wasn't immediately known what else they would do in the U.S.
South Korean media speculated that they were carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and may push to travel to Washington to meet with Mr. Trump.
Pompeo has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang after Kim Yong Chol's U.S. trip.
Mr. Trump and Kim Jong-un were set to hold their summit June 12 in Singapore, but Mr. Trump announced last week that they were pulling out of the meeting. Since then, they have suggested the summit could be back on, and Kim Yong Chol's trip to the U.S. seems to imply that preparations for a meeting could be in the final stages.
Kim Yong Chol's trip comes amid two sets of other pre-summit talks between Washington and Pyongyang.
A team of U.S. officials led by former U.S. nuclear negotiator Sung Kim began talks with North Korean officials at the Korean border village of Panmunjom on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit.
A North Korean delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night for talks with U.S. officials to discuss logistical issues for the summit. Details of those talks hadn't emerged yet.
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build their economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will every fully relinquish their nuclear arsenal, which they may see as their only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
While there have been a few instances in which countries were persuaded to abandon their nuclear ambitions in exchange for sanctions relief and compensation, none of the cases are directly applicable to North Korea, which has advanced its nukes further and with greater zeal than any of the others. The North's arsenal now includes purported thermonuclear warheads and developmental long-range missiles potentially capable of reaching mainland U.S. cities.
But South Korea, which has lobbied hard for the talks between Mr. Trump and Kim, has insisted that Kim can be persuaded to abandon their nuclear facilities, materials and bombs in a verifiable and irreversible way if offered credible security and economic guarantees.
China, North Korea's longtime ally and chief trading partner, has sought to position itself as a key intermediary in talks over Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program. Beijing backs the North's proposal for a phased and synchronized denuclearization process, while the United States insists on a comprehensive one-shot deal in which North Korea eliminates its nukes first and receives rewards later.
Russia said Wednesday that its foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, will travel to North Korea for talks on Thursday.
Kim Yong Chol is the highest-level North Korean official to travel to the United States since 2000, when Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok visited Washington and met President Bill Clinton amid warming ties between the wartime foes. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright made a historic reciprocal visit to Pyongyang later in 2000 in a bid to arrange a North Korea visit by Clinton. Ties turned sour again after President George W. Bush took office in early 2001 with a tough policy on the North.
Kim Yong Chol's official title is a vice chairperson of the central committee of the ruling Workers' Party. Previously, they were a four-star army general and a military intelligence chief who is thought to have been behind two deadly attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and an alleged 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures. Both Seoul and Washington imposed sanctions on them in recent years.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Study on Air Core Drilling Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Air Core Drilling Market by application (fluid drilling, dust drilling, mist drilling, foam drilling, and nitrogen membrane drilling) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Air Core Drilling over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Air Core Drilling Market which includes company profiling of Atlas Copco AB, Allis Chalmers Corp., Archer, Ausdrill Limited, Chicago Pneumatic, Haljohn-San Antonio Inc., Schlumberger Limited, Halliburton, Baker Hughes Incorporated, and Weatherford International Inc. According to report the global air core drilling market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.5% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global air core drilling market covers segments such as application, and end user. The application segments include aerated fluid drilling, dust drilling, mist drilling, foam drilling, and nitrogen membrane drilling. On the basis of end user the global air core drilling market is categorized into construction, mining, and oil & gas.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global air core drilling market such as, Atlas Copco AB, Allis Chalmers Corp., Archer, Ausdrill Limited, Chicago Pneumatic, Haljohn-San Antonio Inc., Schlumberger Limited, Halliburton, Baker Hughes Incorporated, and Weatherford International Inc.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global air core drilling market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of air core drilling market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the air core drilling market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the air core drilling market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Air Core Drilling Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.2.4 Challenges
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the global Air Core Drilling Market
4. Global Air Core Drilling Market by Application 2017 – 2023
4.1 Aerated fluid drilling
4.2 Dust drilling
4.3 Mist drilling
4.4 Foam drilling
4.5 Nitrogen membrane drilling
5. Global Air Core Drilling Market by End User 2017 – 2023
5.1 Construction
5.2 Mining
5.3 Oil & Gas
6. Global Air Core Drilling Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America Air Core Drilling Market by Application
6.1.2 North America Air Core Drilling Market by End User
6.1.3 North America Air Core Drilling Market by Country
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Air Core Drilling Market by Application
6.2.2 Europe Air Core Drilling Market by End User
6.2.3 Europe Air Core Drilling Market by Country
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Air Core Drilling Market by Application
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Air Core Drilling Market by End User
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Air Core Drilling Market by Country
6.4 RoW
6.4.1 RoW Air Core Drilling Market by Application
6.4.2 RoW Air Core Drilling Market by End User
6.4.3 RoW Air Core Drilling Market by Sub-region
7. Companies Covered
7.1 Atlas Copco AB
7.2 Allis Chalmers Corp.
7.3 Archer
7.4 Ausdrill Limited
7.5 Chicago Pneumatic
7.6 Haljohn-San Antonio Inc.
7.7 Schlumberger Limited
7.8 Halliburton
7.9 Baker Hughes Incorporated
7.10 Weatherford International Inc.
Contact Us
Infinium Global Research,
Website:https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com
Email: sales@infiniumglobalresearch.com
On Friday, a Cole County judge will hear arguments on whether to block the use of the Confide app by Gov. Eric Greitens and their staff members, while the Attorney General's office is investigating.
Scroll for more content...
Two St. Louis attorneys filed lawsuits against the governor's office for using the app Confide on their personal cell phones to communicate with each other. The app erases a text message after it is read and prevents anyone from saving, forwarding, printing or taking screenshot of the text. The lawsuit claims the app undermines Missouri's open records laws. The Missouri Sunshine law is in place to establish government transparency by allowing public access to state meetings, records, votes, actions and deliberations.
As of Thursday, the Kansas City Star reports the governor's staffers appear to have deleted their accounts with the Confide app.
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley's Office is investigating. Right now, Hawley says the law doesn't give their office enough to work with yet to do a thorough investigation or punish anyone if they violated the law for retaining records.
"I am confident we will get the information we need, and if we can't, then we will make that known," said Hawley, "If we do not receive cooperation for these inquiries and can't get the information we need to conduct a review, we will make that public."
In December, Gov. Greitens ?commented on the Confide app usage claims:
"This is another nothing story that's coming from a liberal media outlet that is just desperate for salacious headlines."
THE WA Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety is investigating the death of a 34-year-old worker who was stung by a bee at Iluka Resources' Cataby project north of Perth two months ago.
Glenn Morton had been conducting field work with a BCE Surveying team subcontracted by Watpac as part of bulk earthworks at the $275 million project on February 27 when they suffered a severe allergic reaction after being stung by a bee.
The department's mines safety director Andrew Chaplyn said Mr Morton reported an emergency shortly after being stung and self-administered an Epipen.
However co-workers responding to the call found them unconscious and unresponsive.
Mr Chaplyn said the site medic and St John's Ambulance were also called and first aid, including CPR and defibrillation, was administered.
Mr Morton was airlifted to Royal Perth Hospital and placed in an induced coma, but the department was notified on March 13 that they had died.
A department spokesperson said DMIRS was waiting on a report from the Coroner before concluding its investigation.
Addressing Iluka's annual general meeting in Perth yesterday, chairperson Greg Martin acknowledged Mr Morton's death.
They said there were no words to lessen the sadness felt by the tragedy or to adequately convey the company's sympathies to Mr Morton's family and friends.
“The safety and well-being of Iluka's people, including our contractors and service providers, lies at the heart of this business and we are co-operating fully with an investigation by the DMIRS,” they said.
The 10 millionth passenger to use a Cyprus airport this year left Larnaca airport on Monday morning with a special celebration to mark the milestone.
According to Hermes Airport, the number of passengers travelling through Paphos and Larnaca airports in 2017 reached 10 million.
The milestone passenger was Latvian citizen German Gedmintas a permanent resident in Cyprus who was leaving Larnaca on a flight to Brussels.
Within the first six months of the year, Larnaca airport had the third greatest passenger increase across Europe in the category for passenger traffic spanning from five to 10 million per year, data from ACI (airports council international) Europe, reveals.
The 22 per cent increase corresponded to 571,926 more passengers.
Transport Minister Marios Demetriades said there was no room for complacency.
“It is a very important day,” they said. “For Cypriot air transport it is after all a remarkable number, 10 million passengers.”
Demetriades added that passenger traffic had recorded a 45 per cent rise in recent years. When the current administration took over in 2013, the number was seven million.
The minister congratulated airport operator Hermes for the good work and the infrastructure it provides passengers.
“As a government we support all these efforts, either through the open skies policy we have adopted in recent years or the incentives we provide with Hermes, or as the Cyprus tourism organisation.”
Chairman of Hermes Panayiotis Hadjipantelis said it took a lot of work to increase and maintain passenger numbers.
“The immediate tackling of the structural problems and dysfunctions in the tourism sector must be an irrevocable goal, as was the repositioning of our tourist identity,” they said. “The challenge is there, considering that the prospects exist.”
Based on Hermes' forecasts, the year will close with around 10.2 million passengers moving through both airports, up by 14 per cent on 2016.
Photosynthesis requires a mechanism to produce large amounts of chemical energy without losing the oxidative power needed to break down water. A Japanese research team has clarified part of this mechanism, marking another step towards the potential development of artificial photosynthesis. The findings were published on February 27 in the online edition of The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters.
The team was led by Professor KOBORI Yasuhiro (Kobe University Molecular Photoscience Research Center) and PhD student HASEGAWA Masashi (Graduate School of Science) with Associate Professor MINO Hiroyuki (Nagoya University Graduate School of Science).
During the water-splitting reaction in photosynthesis, plants produce oxygen by converting solar energy into chemical energy, providing the energy source necessary for their survival. This reaction is carried out by a protein complex in chloroplasts (located in leaves) called the photosystem II complex (see figure 1).
In 2015 Professor Kobori's research team succeeded in analyzing the electronic interactions and 3-dimensional placement of the initial charge separation produced directly after photoreaction in the photosynthetic reaction center of purple bacteria, which do not cause the oxidation potential for water-splitting. However, in the photosystem II complex for higher plants, the configuration of the initial charge separation state was unclear, and it was a mystery as to how it led to an effective water-splitting reaction while retaining the high oxidative power.
The scientists extracted thylakoid membranes (where the photoreaction takes place in photosynthesis) from spinach, added a reducing agent, and irradiated the samples. This enabled them to detect microwave signals from the initial charge separation state to a degree of accuracy of a 10 millionth of a second (see figure 3a). They developed a method of analyzing the microwave signals using spin polarization imaging. For the first time it was possible to carry out 3D view analysis of the configuration of the electric charge produced directly after exposure to light as a reactive intermediate. This was done with an accuracy to within 10 millionth of a second, as consecutive photography (see figure 3b). Based on this visualization, they also quantified the electronic interaction that occurs when electron orbits overlap for molecules with electric charges (figure 3c).
The initial electric charge separation structure clarified by this analysis was not very different from the structure before the reaction, but the imaging analysis showed that the positive electric charge that occurred in the pigment as a reactive intermediate existed disproportionately in chlorophyll single molecules (figure 3b, c). It suggests that there is strong stabilization caused by electrostatic interaction between the charges.
It has been revealed that the return of the negative charge is suppressed, since the overlap between electron orbits is greatly limited by the insulating effect of the vinyl group terminus. This means that it becomes possible to use the high oxidizing powers of the positive charge in chlorophyll (PD1) for the subsequent oxidative decomposition of water.
Based on these findings, researchers have unlocked part of the mechanism to effectively produce high amounts of chemical energy without loss of the oxidative power needed to split water in photosynthesis. These findings could help to design an "artificial photosynthesis system" that can provide a clean energy source by efficiently converting solar energy into large amounts of electricity and hydrogen. The application of this principle could contribute to solving issues with energy, the environment and food shortages.
###
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — North Korea will continue to conduct missile tests despite international condemnation and increased tensions with Washington, the country's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song Ryol said.
"We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis," Han told the BBC.
Han added that in case the United States resorted to military action, an "all-out war" would start.
Earlier on Monday, US Vice President Mike Pence urged North Korea "not to test" Washington's patience after recent US military strikes on enemy forces in Afghanistan and Syria.
On Sunday, Pyongyang attempted to launch a ballistic missile that exploded within seconds after it took off, according to US and South Korean defense officials.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, poses before taking part in the show ''Elysee 2017'' on French television channel TF1 in Paris, France, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS A new Odoxa survey of voter intentions said centrist Emmanuel Macron would win the French presidency in a May 7 vote, but that their share of the vote would be 59 percent, down four percentage points from its previous survey.
The survey, carried out over April 26-27 and published on Friday, saw their far right rival Marine Le Pen on 41 percent, up four points compared with the previous survey on April 24-25.
The poll showed that 40 percent of supporters of the defeated first-round French presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon would vote Emmanuel Macron, while half of Francois Fillon voters would do the same.
More than 40 percent of Melenchon voters plan to abstain, the poll also showed.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Netflix is trialling an expensive new membership tier that will anger those already paying for Premium access. That's because it removes high dynamic range support from Premium and charges more per month for HDR and Dolby Vision video under a new Ultra tier. Potentially, a lot more.
In addition, in some trial locations, Premium subscribers have had the number of concurrent devices able to view Netflix halved.
At present, the Premium tier, which is priced at £9.99 per month in the UK, allows for viewing on up to four screens at once, plus gives access to 4K HDR content - in Dolby Vision too if your TV supports it.
If the Ultra tier is rolled out after the trials, Premium subscribers will no longer get HDR support. They will still get Ultra HD resolutions where applicable, but supporting shows and films won't display the better contrast and colour range on offer with HDR.
To get HDR, subscribers would have to pay extra. The Ultra tier is being tested at €16.99 in Europe, which equates to £14.99 in the UK.
The trial version of the Ultra tier also offers access for up to four devices at once, and in some regions that has pushed Premium down to just two. And those on the Standard tier found their access limited to just the one device at a time, down from two.
A Netflix spokesperson told CNET that the new tier tests are part of a usual process to understand its customer needs: "We continuously test new things at Netflix and these tests typically vary in length of time," said Smita Saran.
"In this case, we are testing slightly different price points and features to better understand how consumers value Netflix."
They also said that there is a chance the new tier may never fully roll out.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASS TOWNSHIP, Pa. - Pennsylvania State Police are searching for the person who killed a dog by burying it alive in a cage.
Workers at the Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA say this is the worst case of animal cruelty they've ever seen, according to WNEP. They say when they found the dog's body near Minersville, there was no doubt it was intentionally left there to die.
Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA workers took photos to show the gruesome discovery - dog cage buried in the ground, covered with some old pieces of wood.
"I was in shock. I've never seen anything like what I have seen. It was horrid. Horrid. I don't even have the words to explain it. Barbaric. Tortured. Horrid," said animal cruelty officer Bridget Barder.
The SPCA got a call over the weekend that led animal cruelty officers into the woods off Thomaston Road near Minersville. There they found a pit bull locked in a cage that was partially buried in the ground.
"Whoever did this went to great effort and was sick," said SPCA manager Lori Sult. "They basically built a torture chamber for this dog."
SPCA workers estimate the dog had been left there for about two months.
Workers say it appears the dog starved to death.
SPCA manager Lori Sult says that whoever left the dog in the woods had options. They could have taken it to either one of the two SPCA facilities in the county.
"If you don't want to deal with the SPCAs, not that it would be the right thing to do, but if you're going to dump an animal, just release it," Sult said.
Now that state police are involved, Sult and the rest of the SPCA community are hoping the person responsible will be brought to justice.
"This dog died a horrible, horrible death. There was just so many other options. The dog did not have to die this way."
The Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA is offering a reward for information on this case. If you know anything about the dog, you're asked to contact state police in Frackville.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to contribute to the reward.
IFA National Dairy Committee Chairperson, Tom Phelan, has said that the improvement in all international dairy market indicators makes price increases imperative at this point.
They stressed that they are also absolutely necessary as farmers' milk receipts are squeezed and production costs bumped up by drought. “An increase of 1c/l at the very least is fully justified for June to begin with."
“Through May and June, we have seen a continued general improvement in market returns, especially for butter – now stabilising – and powders. The Ornua PPI has improved 5 points for May to 105.4 or 31.4c/l incl VAT. It has been predicted by new CEO John Jordan to rise further for June and the following months,” they said.
“EU and global commodity markets have been strengthening, with the EU MMO returns up by just over 5c/l since January - more than half of the reduction seen over lower volumes between September and December 2017. Latest figures suggest a milk price equivalent, including VAT, of 34.63c/l,” they added.
“Dutch, German and French spot quotes, based only on SMP and butter prices, suggest a milk price equivalent over 37c/l including VAT.
“Despite a slight easing of prices in the last two GDT auctions, the 19th June prices for the SMP/butter combination would yield an Irish price equivalent of 33.5c/l including VAT,” they said.
Kaliese Spencer (C), the reigning Commonwealth Games 400 meters hurdles champion, sits next to their attorney Paul Greene (L) and their manager Marvin Anderson, as they attend a meeting with a panel overseeing their anti-doping case in Kingston, Jamaica, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy
KINGSTON Reigning Commonwealth Games 400 metres hurdles champion Kaliese Spencer's anti-doping hearing will begin May 15 in Jamaica, the panel overseeing the case said on Wednesday.
Spencer, who has denied the Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission's claims that they refused or evaded a drug test, will also learn sometime over the next week whether their request to have the provisional ban lifted is granted.
Them hearing will be conducted before Jamaica's Independent Anti-Doping Disciplinary Panel. The maximum penalty is a four-year suspension.
Jamaica's Spencer won gold at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014 and was also a world championship silver medallist in the 4x400m relay in Berlin in 2009.
(Reporting by Kayon Raynor; Editing by Frank Pingue)
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
<< "Police investigate armed robbery on Lionel Street" - "Man robbed at gunpoint during home invasion" >>
Police seek information in vehicle breaking and entering at Deeper Life Church
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on October 6, 2017 2:02 PM
On Oct. 2, at approximately 12:51 p.m., officers with the Goldsboro Police Department responded to Deeper Life Church at 600 11th Street, in reference to breaking and entering to a motor vehicle.
A member of the church said on Sept. 30 they had left their vehicle in the parking lot of the church. Then at around 5:12 p.m., when they returned, they witnessed three black males, which appeared to be juveniles breaking into the parked vehicle.
The three suspects ran off towards the wooded area west of the church as they approached. The suspects stole a Magellan 1440 GPS unit.
Anyone with information about this crime is asked to call Inv. Warren at 919-580-4214 or call/text Crime Stoppers at 919-735-2255.
Anyone with information about this crime, or any other crime in Wayne County is asked to call or text Crime Stoppers at 919-735-2255 or submit a TIP at p3tips.com. Callers will remain anonymous and if your information leads to a felony arrest you will be given a cash reward for the information. Crime Stoppers gives cash rewards of up to $1,000 for information leading to felony arrests. Crime Stoppers is a Non-Profit 501(c)(3) organization, funded solely by private donations. To make a donation, contact the Goldsboro-Wayne Crime Stoppers Director Stephanie Brown at 919-734-8177.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
While Samsung's newest flagship, the Galaxy S9, is just hitting the market, last year's flagship, the Galaxy S8, is getting some love, too. Samsung and its US carrier partners are finally upgrading the Galaxy S8 to Android 8.0 Oreo, a version of the OS that came out six months ago.
Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint are all pushing out the update now, with no word yet on updates for the AT&T or unlocked US version.
Most of Google's engineering efforts on Android 8.0 came in the form of Project Treble, a massive overhaul of the underlying Android bits to modularize the OS away from the hardware, which should lead to easier updates. Due to the complexity of this change, the update is mostly meant for new devices that were built with Oreo in mind, and it's not coming to most upgrading phones. The rest of the changes are nice-to-have things like a revamped notification hierarchy and a lockdown on background processing.
From Samsung's side of things, you'll be upgraded to the company's "Samsung Experience 9.0" Android skin, the same software package that ships on the Galaxy S9. This brings a few other goodies like a new keyboard and more lock screen customization.
Of course, this still isn't the latest version of Android, and it only brings the Galaxy S8 from two versions behind the latest release to one version behind. Android 8.1, the newest version, came out in December.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Commercial activities in the national capital will continue to remain closed for the second day due to a 48-hour shutdown call given by the Confederation Of All India Traders (CAIT).
The shutdown was called to protest against the continuous sealing in Delhi, violating the statutory provisions of The Municipal Corporation of Delhi Act,1957.
Earlier on Friday, officials of Delhi Development Authority (DDA) held a meeting with LG Anil Baijal at their residence to discuss issues over the sealing drive.
Three proposals for amendments in 2021 master plan of Delhi have been passed. Period of the proposal being put in the public domain has been reduced from 45 days to three days. The proposal will be approved in another DDA meeting of LG house after three days, said Vijender Gupta, DDA member & BJP MLA after the meeting. Meanwhile, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which considers the shutdown to be Bharatiya Janata Party sponsored, thinks that the sealing could have been prevented. "It's BJP's duty to fill loopholes in the master plan as it is in power in centre and MCD. Sealing could've been prevented if BJP did that. All legitimate demands of CM Kejriwal have been approved in the meeting. These demands will be put in public domain," Somnath Bharti, DDA member, and AAP MLA. Congress leader Ajay Maken also joined in a protest held at Lajpat Nagar by the protestors. (ANI)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Imagine you're getting hungry at work and you see a candy bar on a co-worker's desk. Why not just eat it while she's out of the room?
Some people might not do it because they know it's wrong. Other people might not do it because it's risky. But a new study suggests that--for most people--their immediate response might actually be to think that it isn't even possible.
The study, co-authored by Assistant Professor of Psychology Fiery Cushman and Jonathan Phillips, a post-doctoral fellow working in Cushman's lab, showed that people, by default, tend to view immoral actions as though they were simply impossible. The study is described in an April 17 paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"When people do something immoral, people tend to say things like, 'No, that can't be right,' or 'I can't believe it,'" Phillips said. "There's a sense that the brain treats this kind of things similarly to how it would react if someone told you it is possible to turn your hat into a candy bar, or something equally impossible."
There may be good reason for the brain to react that way, Cushman said.
"We think this might actually help people act morally in the real world," they said. ""Maybe it's easier to do the right thing if your brain is designed to treat the wrong thing...as if it were impossible. Because if you admitted something was possible, it might start to feel pretty tempting."
In some sense, they said, it's as though every person has two voices in their heads that propose possibilities - a more intuitive one that respects the laws of morality, and a more deliberative one that sticks to the laws of physics.
"Part of what we're learning is why people call things possible or impossible," Cushman said. "It turns out we don't do this like a scientist or philosopher, with the goal of being perfectly accurate about the world. Ordinary people want to be practical about the world, and practically speaking, you shouldn't be doing immoral or irrational things. So a practical approach to decision-making is to simply call all those things impossible, and only focus on the set of things that are worth investing your time in."
To test how people reacted to both immoral and impossible events, Cushman and Phillips created an experiment using the online labor market Amazon Mechanical Turk.
Participants were presented with scenarios in which a person faced a problem, like getting to the airport after their car breaks down. They saw a series of potential solutions that were either immoral, such as seeing someone being mugged, or physically impossible, like turning your hat into a candy bar, and asked to rate whether each one was a "possible" solution.
The trick, Phillips said, is that half the participants had to respond quickly - in just 1.5 seconds - while the other half were told to wait 1.5 seconds before responding.
The results were dramatic - when participants were given more time for reflection, Phillips said, they called one-quarter of immoral actions impossible. When participants were given less time, however, as many as half were called impossible.
"If people have time to reflect on this, they're going to use their well-formed, reasoned understanding of which things are possible and impossible," Phillips said. "But when they have to answer quickly, they don't have time to do that, so they have to rely on this default idea of which things could even happen in the first place."
The study raises a host of additional questions - and could open the door to a new understanding of why some people repeatedly commit immoral actions.
"One of the things we are excited about looking into is people with psychopathic tendencies," Phillips said. "Do they just not care about something like stealing? Or do they care, but the problem is they can't get it out of their head and eventually they break down. It could be that they wouldn't show this effect."
The study also suggests one possible reason why turning to religion is often a successful strategy for those hoping to stop using alcohol or drugs.
"Maybe by making those things immoral, they're saying we know you want it, but you're going to treat it as if it's something you can't do," they said.
"But another question we want to follow up on is: Isn't this a horrible blind spot?" Cushman added. "If you went around assuming that it was impossible for people to do immoral things, wouldn't you be taken for a sucker immediately?"
The truth, Cushman and Phillips said, may be that people actually switch between two systems of evaluating the world around them - one constrained by morality and another that allows us to contemplate immoral behavior in others.
"The first, you used to govern your own actions and to think about the actions of those close to you," Phillips said. "But the other system isn't constructed in that way...because it would be a terrible idea to never consider the possibility that anything bad could happen to you."
###
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND PRAIRIE--What started as a bomb scare turned out to be a donut hoax at Grand Prairie High School Monday morning.
A suspicious package was spotted outside the school and instantly raised a red flag, understandably.
Turns out the package that was making everybody paranoid was only pastries, but it was enough to give parents a scare.
But it's great that this was only a frosted fright instead of a deadly detonation.
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice, researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf. While what they might find might be alarming, at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion.
The Lady Bulldogs only have 11 players in their roster this Season 80
Published 6:33 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The National University (NU) Lady Bulldogs' opening game victory over the Adamson Lady Falcons saw the head coaching debut of Raymund "Babes" Castillo in the UAAP seniors division.
Juniors coach Castillo took over former Lady Bulldogs coach Roger Gorayeb, after NU failed to reach the final 4 in Season 79.
As NU was about to sweep their Saturday opening game over Adamson, the Lady Falcons capitalized on the errors committed by NU and limited the Lady Bulldogs to only 16 points in the entire set.
"If you look closely on the 3rd set, dami nilang (NU) errors. Siyempre, we gave a lot of free points sa kabila so that means, 'di lang kami nagproproduce. So issue talaga namin is: 'How can we produce consistently?'" said Castillo.
(If you look closely on the 3rd set, NU had so many errors. Of course, we gave a lot of free points to the other side so that means, we're just not producing. The issue is: "How can we produce consistently?")
Castillo traced the Lady Bulldogs' small production in the 3rd set back to the team's condition and admits that it is still a work in progress as the Lady Bulldogs continue their Season 80 campaign.
"Condition. 'Yung katawan. We wanted to produce more on the 3rd set, makikita mo kunwari sa battery, medyo bumaba nang konti. That's our struggle, pinag-aaralan namin kung paano gagawin iyon."
(Condition. The body. We wanted to produce more on the 3rd set, it's like what you see in a battery, it went down a bit. That's our struggle. We're learning how we should do it.)
The NU team is currently running on 11 members only, as libero Bia General was declared ineligible one week before the start of the UAAP season. Joni Chavez was tasked to fill in General's shoes and managed to execute 9 excellent digs in their place.
"Makikita mo si Joni, si Joni we barely saw their last year pero ngayon, they took 70-80% of the game," said Castillo. "This means that on the first game, maganda ginawa niya, I'm sure gaganda ng gaganda iyan."
(You see Joni, we barely saw Joni last year but now, they took 70-80% of the game. This means that on the first game, they did good, I'm sure it will get better.)
Castillo makes Chavez the example of they want their team to be this season, as they emphasize that each member of their team has a role to fill in despite being short on the roster.
"This team is run by clear roles, bawat isa. So 'yung role ni Jaja, eh kasi importante lang 'yung role ko, ganoon din ka-importante role ni Gayle. Kunwari, may napilayan diyan, may tatayo ulit," said Castillo.
(This team is run by clear roles, every one. So Jaja's role, my important role, Gayle's role is also as important. For example, if some gets injured there, someone will stand up again.) – Rappler.com
CBS Local — As the government continues to crack down on tobacco products, more and more states are easing up on marijuana laws. One biologist is now saying those policies are misguided after finding that secondhand smoke from marijuana users may be just as deadly as cigarette smoke.
According to Matthew Springer, a professor at the University of California, San Francisco, marijuana smoke is three times worse for the arterial walls than cigarette smoke. In a study conducted with mice, secondhand smoke from tobacco was found to hinder the expanding of arteries for 30 minutes before the body recovers. Mice exposed to marijuana smoke had their arteries impaired for 90 minutes before returning to normal.
“People think cannabis is fine because it's ‘natural.' I hear this a lot. I don't know what it means,” Springer told NPR. Health officials warn that smokers could permanently damage their arteries through constant smoking, which can lead to blood clots, heart attacks, or a stroke.
“We in the public health community have been telling them for decades to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from tobacco,” Springer added. “We have not been telling them to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from marijuana… it's because we just haven't known. The experiments haven't been done.”
According to the CDC, smoke from cigarettes contains over 7,000 chemicals; at least 70 of which have been found to cause cancer. Although the CDC's report also focused on tobacco-based smoke, the agency wrote that “there is no risk-free level of exposure to secondhand smoke.”
DETROIT (WWJ) – ‘My Little Pony the Movie' is perfect for the entire family. It marks the ponies first appearance in a full-length theatrical feature, and it's not only fun, it carries a message of strength, friendship and perseverance.
Along with the “Mane 6” ponies, which have kept the Little Pony TV show so popular over the years, there is a cast of interesting new characters, including Tempest Shadow, Princess Skystar and Grubber.
The adventure starts right before a big party organized by Twilight Sparkle is set to get underway. Tempest Shadow and Grubber show up on behalf of the evil Storm King looking to kidnap the princesses and wreck havoc with the universe.
In their attempts to keep Equestria out of the Storm King's grip, the ponies have to rely on one another to overcome difficulty and make it through some tough, never-before-seen challenges. But in order to save Equestria, they need to find help. That's something that definitely is not easy and the ponies are not even sure who they can trust.
On their quest, they encounter a classy and crafty cat known as Capper. Can they trust them or not? After all, they are a stranger and they have no idea what their motives are. But on the other hand, what might happen if they don't trust him?
They also find themselves getting captured by a group of pirates, a twist that adds to the ponies' adventure even more.
If you're looking for a fun family adventure, you won't go wrong with ‘My Little Pony the Movie'.
See you at the movies!
Be sure to tune in to WWJ Newsradio 950 every Friday for my weekly look at the movies with Midday Anchor Jackie Paige.
Follow Terri on Twitter @TerriJLee
Member:
Broadcast Film Critics Association (BFCA)
Detroit Film Critics Society (DFCS)
African American Film Critics Association (AAFCA)
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested a Goods and Services Tax (GST) and Central Excise Commissioner in an alleged bribery case on Saturday.
Also, two superintendents and an official, working in the GST and Central Excise Commission in Kanpur and six persons, including the director of a private firm based in the city were apprehended.
All the accused were produced in the respective courts at Delhi and Lucknow.
The CBI registered a case on February 2 against the GST Commissioner (IRS-1986), and others under Section 120 B read with sections 7, 11 and 12 of the Indian Penal Code (IPL) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, based on the allegations of criminal conspiracy and illegal gratification.
It was alleged that the Commissioner was taking periodic updates from their superintendents, regarding the receipt of the illegal gratification from various private parties. It was further alleged that these pertained to either monthly or quarterly payments for not taking action by the Central Excise Department on such private parties and further such collection also pertained, on a case-to-case basis, to the assistance required by various private parties by the Central Excise Department. The CBI laid a trap and apprehended the accused, who had received the bribe of Rs. 1.5 lakhs on the behalf of the commissioner. The private accused who gave the said bribe to public servants were also apprehended. The bribe money was recovered by the CBI. Searches were conducted at the premises of accused persons including public servants, private persons and middlemen in Kanpur and Delhi. A recovery of cash approximately worth Rs. 58 lakhs and several incriminating documents including diaries, pen drives, and documents of properties worth crores were recovered by the CBI. (ANI)
LONDON, April 6 (IFR) - Derek Mills, a veteran of Deutsche Bank's bond syndicate desk, has had their job put at risk, according to market sources.
Mills joined the German lender in 1997 according to their LinkedIn profile and was a managing director on the financial institution syndicate desk.
Imran Mohammed, a vice president on Deutsche Bank's private debt syndicate has also been put at risk. They joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 according to their LinkedIn profile and had been working on the private debt syndicate since January 2015.
Mills and Mohammed were not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Helene Durand, editing by Robert Smith, Sudip Roy)
Automotive grease helps diminish friction and wear, provide corrosion protection, seal bearings from contaminants and water, repel leakage, resist change in consistency or structure during service, maintain flexibility under conditions of application, and repel or tolerate moisture. The consistency or hardness of the grease is measured by a penetrometer, which consists of a cone of specific weight and size dropped into the grease for five seconds. The color of the grease is determined by thickener, base oil, dye, and additive. Grease can be of any color to suit a particular application, environment, or identification purposes. The ability of any particular grease to be handled by grease dispensers, grease pumps, and other components in an automated greasing system depends on the viscosity of the grease. Depending on the application of grease, different base oils and thickeners can be used.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-grease-market.html
Growth in the automotive industry is anticipated to boost the demand for automotive grease. Additionally, increase in demand for automobiles in emerging economies in Asia Pacific and Latin America is estimated to further propel the demand for automotive grease. However, strict environmental regulations, fluctuation in prices of raw materials, and weak demand in Europe and North America are projected to hamper market growth.
The shelf life of grease is affected by the amount and type of thickener used, consistency of the grease, formulation complexity, and manufacturing method employed. Generally, lithium complex, straight lithium, and calcium complex greases remain stable for an extended time. Barium and bentone greases tend to soften upon aging. Based on these, the shelf life of most Penrite greases is about seven years. However, semi-fluid grease and steering box lubricant have just two years of shelf life.
Asia Pacific is projected to be the key region of the automotive grease market, followed by North America and Europe, during the forecast period. India and China are the major markets in Asia
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22223
Pacific due to the presence of an established automotive industry. Singapore, Republic of Korea, Vietnam, and Malaysia are expected to be other prominent consumers of automotive grease in Asia Pacific. The automotive grease market in Europe and North America is projected to experience moderate to high growth rate during the forecast period. The automotive grease market in Latin America is also likely to expand at a rapid pace due to the increase in number of cars in emerging economies in the region. Argentina and Brazil are estimated to be major consumers of automotive grease in Latin America.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A manhunt is underway in central Tennessee after a deputy was shot and killed Wednesday morning, reports CBS affiliate WTVF.
We're issuing a Tennessee Blue Alert for Steven Wiggins, the person-of-interest in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy.  They are believed to be armed and dangerous.
Spot him? Call 911! pic.twitter.com/Aj8oxy06hd — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
The incident happened in Dickson County, west of Nashville. Officials are searching for an armed suspect in the area of Bear Creek Valley Road and Tidwell Switch Road, the station reports.  They are believed to be on foot.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation identified the person of interest being sought as Steven Wiggins, 31. A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson told news outlets Wiggins was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday after a vehicle was reported stolen.
The bureau believes Wiggins fatally shot the unidentified sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop.
Just got to the scene. Deputies have Daisy Lewis Lane blocked off. This is where the child was reported missing. Them body was found somewhere in this field about a 1,000 yards away from their house. pic.twitter.com/XNTPJwGiwT — Kristi O'Connor WBTV (@KristiOConnor_) May 29, 2018
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Wednesday that it has placed Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to their arrest.
The agency also has sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area.
On Tuesday, Wiggins was charged with aggravated assault and vehicle theft in Kingston Springs, the station reports. According to a police report, officers were called to a home after a woman was assaulted.
Wiggins allegedly slapped the victim and pulled out their hair before saying they would kill them if they called police. They then fled in their car, the report said.
The victim said he'd been "doing meth all night" and smoking marijuana, the station reports.
The TBI said they should be considered armed and dangerous, and urged anyone who sees them to call 911.
This is a developing story.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
April 24 (UPI) -- Police in Dallas arrested a person of interest in a shooting that critically injured two police officers Tuesday.
Armando Juarez, 29, was arrested by Dallas police following a brief chase and taken into custody at about 9 p.m., WFAA-TV in Dallas reported.
The Dallas Police Department confirmed two officers and a civilian loss prevention officer, who worked at the store, were shot. The two officers were helping an off-duty officer serve a warrant at a Home Depot, when they were shot by the suspect.
A male officer, 27 was shot in the head and a female officer was shot in the face. The condition of the civilian, a Home Depot employee, was unknown.
More than a dozen police cars and a police search dog were on the scene and searching for the suspect.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms also tweeted it was responding to the incident.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott tweeted condolences to the victims following the shooting.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with [Dallas Police Department] and the two officers shot and critically wounded. Texas honors all the men and women who protect and serve our communities, and justice will be served," they wrote.
A federal prison inmate in Atlanta, Georgia, published a Facebook Live video where they allegedly admitted to committing a murder that they haven't been charged for.
According to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution, the man “appeared to admit their involvement in a deadly shooting in Ohio,” during the 49-minute livestream, where they were also pictured pulling “a fake trigger with their hands,” eating snacks, and drinking Pepsi.
Despite 30-year-old inmate Joe Fletcher's claims they committed the murder, another man is currently serving time for the 2010 “shooting death of 19-year-old LaDonte Smith.”
“Everybody knows I did it. I did it,” proclaimed Fletcher, who is currently serving time on weapons offenses.
“I want to know where the hell were the guards the whole 49 minutes they were doin' all this?” Mother of murdered Ohio man after watching Atlanta Federal Prison inmate's FB Live. He's now claiming responsibility for their son's murder, but he's never been charged in the case @wsbtv 6 pic.twitter.com/9RhzdfwU3j — Nicole Carr (@NicoleCarrWSB) February 1, 2018
During the livestream, Fletcher also claimed they “run(s) Akron,” Ohio, and plans to become a rapper following their release in May, during which they will rap about the man currently serving time in prison for the shooting which Fletcher allegedly committed.
In a statement, the Federal Bureau of Prisons claimed to be investigating the confession, declaring they, “will take action based on our findings, including referring for prosecution, if needed.”
In their report, AJC said contraband was very easy to obtain in the prison where Fletcher made their livestream.
“Despite the Bureau of Prisons' insistence that it has clamped down on inmates to keep banned items out of the low-security prison, booze, drugs and cellphones continue to flow into the facility,” they reported. “A new video and photos provided to The AJC by an inmate showed drinks flowing and music blaring during a New Year's Eve party inside the facility.”
This week, it was revealed that New York State prisoners would receive free tablet computers in an attempt to “better prepare” them for life after imprisonment.
The program, which follows other prisons who have also pledged to give prisoners free devices, will not provide prisoners with internet access, however, they will be able to contact family members, download applications, and file grievances.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington, or like their page at Facebook.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
JOHANNESBURG - The Ministers of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People's Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa, met in Magaliesburg, 4th of July 2018, take note of the following:
The global economy is demonstrating positive signs of economic recovery with output growth accelerating to nearly 4%. BRICS countries continue to play an important role as engines of economic growth. The recovery from the financial crisis that rocked the global economy a decade ago has been long and uncertain. Although the outlook for global growth does appear brighter, certain risks remain.
In the context of a generally positive global trend, emerging markets and developing economies have become increasingly important in the global economy, making progressively higher contributions to global output, trade and investment. These economies now account for a significant amount of global GDP, compared to the previous two decades.
The New Industrial Revolution (Fourth Industrial Revolution) and the drive for sustainable, less carbon and waste intensive production, is and will have profound disruptive impacts on the structure of global production, trade, investment, employment and education. Quantum leaps in technology and innovation are and will carry both enormous potential opportunities and benefits for industrial development but also carry significant challenges for broader, inclusive socio-economic growth and development, especially for developing countries. These opportunities and challenges will call for new high-tech driven innovative policy and regulatory frameworks by individual member countries and a closer mutually beneficial and collaborative efforts, including new and existing multilateral mechanisms of cooperation to secure equitable and inclusive growth.
As was noted in the 2017 Hangzhou BRICS Industry Ministers Meeting's Action Plan for deepening industrial cooperation among BRICS Countries, all the BRICS member countries are in the process of implementing their own industrial development strategies in order to strengthen and build their respective industrial capabilities.
In this context, the action plan of this Third BRICS Industry Ministers Meeting, seeks to build on previously adopted directions and further expand industrial cooperation to secure mutually beneficial outcomes in an increasingly complex global environment.
The BRICS Industry Ministers resolved to implement the BRICS Economic Partnership Strategy to secure mutually beneficial accelerated economic and industrial growth amongst member states, including placing further and concrete emphasis on the strengthening of business-to-business contacts in all the respective BRICS member countries and support the implementation of specific initiatives and projects in various fields and across a variety of industrial sectors.
The Ministers meeting further resolved:
To establish the BRICS partnership on the New Industrial Revolution (PartNIR) that aims to translate the vision of the second Golden Decade of BRICS cooperation into reality through deepened BRICS cooperation on Industrialisation, Innovation, Inclusiveness and Investment. Under the partnership, in support of the manufacturing sectors, a new industrial revolution advisory group comprised of policymakers and experts from all BRICS countries will be established. The advisory group will develop a term of reference and a work plan.
In the context of the New Industrial Revolution, determine key common areas of focus, including but not limited to:
Policy coordination in the context of New Industrial Revolution;
Opportunities for cooperation in advanced technical skills and training;
Exchange of information and best practices with respect to digitization;
Capacity building;
Projects which secure inclusive and equitable growth; and
Cooperation with stakeholders for greater synergy of human and financial resources.
The Advisory group will work closely with BRICS Business Council (BBC) in order to encourage the involvement and participation of the private sector in BBC working groups to accelerate mutually beneficial industrial cooperation across a wide variety of industrial and manufacturing sectors.
In keeping with the objectives set out in the BRICS Economic Cooperation Strategy, the advisory group will work on the implementation of existing cooperation projects, making full use of experiences of member states.
We, the Ministers of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People's Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa, resolved to further strengthen existing collaborative and mutually beneficial efforts and projects in the industrial development arena, taking into account contemporary challenges related amongst others to global digital transformation, the imperative for sustainable economic development and the necessity to address the challenge of equitable and inclusive economic growth and industrialisation.
On August 12, Everytown for Gun Safety pushed for more gun control in connection with the Charlottesville, Virginia, rally where attendees were attacked with a car.
CNN reported that one attendee was killed and 19 were injured as 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. allegedly accelerated their vehicle into the crowd in Charlottesville.
advertisement
Everytown focused on the fact that open carry is legal in Virginia and some of the attendees were openly armed:
And it ties law enforcement's hands from doing anything about it — until shots are fired and it's too late. (4/5) — Everytown (@Everytown) August 12, 2017
And on August 13 — the day after the car attack — Everytown tweeted a quote from a University of Virginia professor, who commented on the violence at the rally, saying, “When so many demonstrators come out armed, it only takes one to ignite a fire.”
Again, one person was killed and 19 injured in a car attack in Charlottesville. Guns were not used. But Everytown is using the violence to push gun control.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
A glass company was hired by Ottawa police to replace the front door of a pot shop on Montreal Road just hours after members of the drug unit entered the property with a search warrant.
The raid occurred on Tuesday morning at Dr. Greenthumb, a marijuana dispensary at 973 Montreal Rd.
As a worker was installing the new glass, two officers were parked outside the business in separate vehicles. While one officer suggested details about the raid would be available through their media relations office, that department was not able to provide further details about the warrant.
The business is adjoined by a Subway shop. An employee at the restaurant who was working during the raid was not aware of the incident.
Dr. Greenthumb, which sells a variety of cannabis concentrates and edibles, including a candy-like product in the shape of a revolver, was one of several dispensaries raided by police last October, one month after Ontario Attorney General Yasir Naqvi declared war on the province's illegal pot shops.
THE Johns brothers, Silverchair, a good wave at Merewether ... and Ben Simmons.
Yep, the Philadelphia 76ers NBA rookie sensation is Newcastle to the core, despite the best efforts of Melburnians to claim them as their own.
Simmons spent the majority of their childhood in the Steel City before moving to the US to pursue their NBA dream.
Simmons was born in Melbourne and returned there for high school, but they spent two more months in the Hunter region than Bleak City.
The man themselves says no matter where they travel in the world, there is one part of Australia he'll always miss.
“Going to Nobbys Beach in Newcastle,” Simmons said.
“That's where I used to go all the time as a young kid fishing. I loved it.”
This loyalty from Simmons is music to the ears of their former junior rugby league coach Marc Glanville.
Camera Icon Ben Simmons (with ball) playing rugby league for South Newcastle under-9s in 2005 Picture: Supplied
The ex-Knights prop coached Simmons at Souths Newcastle for three seasons and couldn't be prouder of their rise in the NBA.
Glanville now watches all Simmons' Sixers games and they have no doubts the former Hunters star is on the path to hoops greatness.
They also believe the 21-year-old has benefited from playing junior rugby league during their time in Newcastle.
The AFL has credited Simmons' sublime skills to their time in Australia's game, but Glanville says league has also significantly helped the Sixers star.
“Ben was a very good league player, so we'll definitely claim them as a Novocastrian,” Glanville said.
“I've been monitoring their progress in the NBA and it's great to see them performing the way they are.
“Plus, the fact they are an Aussie who grew up in Newcastle makes it even better.
“I know a couple of people at the Newcastle Basketball Association that are so proud that they have come through the system there.
Camera Icon Simmons is considered a frontrunner for NBA rookie of the year. Picture: AP
“Ben has definitely inspired a lot of kids in the region to be as successful as they are.”
Long before Simmons was dominating the NBA, they were playing junior league in Newcastle with Souths and Western Suburbs, while their father Dave was starring for the Newcastle Falcons in the NBL.
Glanville has fond memories of Ben causing nightmares for opposition defences in the under 8s, 9s and 10s ranks.
“Ben's size at that age gave them an advantage in league,” they said.
“He was also quite quick and they weren't too many kids wanting to tackle them because they were so tall as well.
“He was obviously an athlete from a young age, regardless what sport they were playing.
“Ben just knew what to do and how to be successful and they were also a terrific kid.
“He was really quiet, but when spoken and polite. Obviously their folks have raised them to be that sort of kid.”
Glanville jokes Simmons could have been a Newcastle Knight in another life, but they are happy they are excelling in the NBA.
Camera Icon Simmons played their first basketball in Newcastle. Picture: AFP
The 21-year-old has been a standout in their rookie season with the Sixers, averaging a double-double every time they take the court and going closer to earning selection to the Star game.
“It would have been handy if Ben ended up playing for the Knights, but basketball is definitely their sport,” they said.
“I dare say they will be earning a bit more than what they could have through rugby league, even though the league guys are on decent coin now.
“It is amazing to see how well Ben is going.
“He went okay at rugby league, but to see where they have got to in basketball is incredible.
“By the sounds of it, he'll eventually be one of the best basketball players ever.”
For all their success, Simmons refuses to let the bright lights of professional basketball result in a bighead.
Surrounded by family and friends in America, they insist they are “a country kid” from Australia playing in the world's premier league.
Luckily for Simmons they have found a parallel home to Newcastle in Philadelphia.
‘Philly' has felt the force of economic challenges over the years, resulting in
the loss of numerous manufacturing companies, while the city approached bankruptcy in the late 1980s.
Similarly, Newcastle has also experienced its fair share of tough times.
From the BHP Steel closures to the 1989 earthquake, Novocastrians have always found a way to rally through setbacks.
Both Philadelphia and Newcastle are built on the back of people who thrive through adversity — which is why ‘Philly' is the perfect place for Simmons to launch their professional career according to 76ers coach Brett Brown.
“We have a fantastic city in Philadelphia,” Brown says.
“It's extremely sports minded and it's very, very blue collar and tough.
“It's Rocky, it's the Eagles, it's the Flyers — it's Philadelphia and it's an unforgiving sporting town.
“They have been extremely forgiving, tolerant of the process that we've undertaken over the past three years to grow our program at the 76ers.
“It's going to be a challenge for Ben, but I think physically and mentally they will be ready for that with the fan's support.”
VIDEO: Royal treatment for 'American Idol' contestant Lee Jean at Bluffton High School
Gamecock athletes dressed to impress for annual gala
2:27
The inefficiencies of medical research are issues that plague the entire industry and delay the launch of much life changing natural and pharmaceutical drugs.
We at Biogetica are therefore glad to have partnered with Research Needs for our upcoming clinical trials and research projects. We do believe that this partnership will yield breakthrough discoveries in the world of full spectrum natural medicine and help us and other physicians worldwide serve their patients in the best manner possible. Today, physicians and patients alike are looking for safer, natural alternatives for the long term management, treatment and cure of chronic diseases. This partnership between Biogetica and Research Needs will approach multiple disciplines of natural medicine with a system agnostic evidence based approach, rarely seen in medicine.
Dr Kamat the Medical Director of Biogetica said: “To us and to our patients it does not matter which system of healing the medicine comes from. What matters is that it works and does so with minimal side effects. The partnership therefore will look for and evaluate plant medicine from every culture and then present ways of combining them, which was not logistically possible before. And, Research Needs will help us validate the effects of our unique and multidisciplinary protocols. ”
The immediate plan for 2018 is to launch clinical trials and observational studies for HPV, Herpes, Trigeminal Neuralgia, Vertigo, Tinnitus, and Cataract.
Biogetica's full spectrum approach of combining the latest nutraceuticals with herbs and resonance homeopathies is gaining momentum worldwide. Published research also shows results that are beyond the best seen in any medical system alone.
Dr Chethan (Director, Research Needs) said “Biogetica's sky rocketing growth is evidence of the changing tides in medicine. Today it is believed the 20% of pharmaceutical spend goes to the wellness industry but the industry itself is disorganized and not necessarily scientific in its methods. Biogetica is one of the pioneer firms in this industry that has adopted an evidence based approach to natural medicine and we are glad to be partnering with them for their research needs. It is our collective vision to give ancient sciences and nature's medicines the importance they deserve.”
To get more information, visit our website – www.biogetica.com
S. S. Rajamouli's Telugu fantasy epic “Baahubali 2 – The Conclusion” is shattering many a myth about film-making in Bollywood on its way to breaking box office records in India.
The second installment in the two-film franchise that combines Indian mythology with Hollywood-style special effects opened to packed theatres across India and looks set to become the highest-grossing Indian movie sometime this week. The feat is all the more impressive because audiences in Hindi-speaking north India hardly watch films made in the south and vice versa. The first film in the franchise, about warring kings in a magical kingdom, released in 2015.
The latest film, which was released last Friday, has grossed 6.41 billion rupees ($99.8 million) globally in ticket sales till Tuesday – including 4.41 billion rupees in India. It also ranked third in North America, raking in just over $10 million in ticket sales over three days (till April 30), according to website BoxOfficeMojo - the biggest ever opening for an Indian film in the world's largest film market.
But it is the movie's business in India that has analysts running out of adjectives. In the Hindi-speaking belt, where a dubbed version was played, “Baahubali 2” made more on its first day than what Bollywood's top grossers “Bajrangi Bhaijaan”, “PK” and “Dangal” did on their respective opening days.
“Baahubali 2” has already overtaken the domestic tally of Bollywood's highest-grossing movie of all time, Aamir Khan's “Dangal”, and is on the verge of surpassing its global earnings of 7 billion rupees.
“The biggest lesson is that the size of the market is huge. In the last few years, people (from the industry) have been saying that we need more screens or that the younger audiences are moving to digital, but this movie has shown that the medium is there and so are the audiences,” said Shailesh Kapoor of Ormax, an agency that tracks box office results.
“You just have to give them something worth coming to the theatres for.”
India has around 10,000 screens, out of which “Baahubali 2” played at more than 7,000. Many theatres gave it as many as ten shows a day at premium pricing. The film also broke the notion that audiences look for big stars to draw them to theatres or that dubbed films don't work.
“The average occupancy has been the highest ever for any Hindi film. On Sunday, it was around 95 percent and that has never happened for any Hindi film, especially on all four days,” Anil Thadani, whose AA Films was the distributor for the Hindi version, told Reuters.
“It is a dubbed film, without a big star, so to speak. And yet it is doing the kind of numbers we are seeing.”
That is the kind of success Bollywood would give an arm and a leg for. The Hindi film industry finds itself in a rut, with audience footfalls decreasing and growth slowing down to a trickle. It relies on two big stars - Salman Khan and Aamir Khan - to give them the blockbusters. But both men are in their 50s and do one film a year on an average, which means that an increasingly younger audience is turning to Hollywood films to get their thrills on screen.
When Kapoor of Ormax and their team were interviewing focus groups last month in cities like Lucknow and Indore, most youngsters they spoke to mentioned Hollywood's “The Fate of the Furious” as the movie they were most looking forward to.
“Their first answer was ‘Fast and Furious' and ‘Spider-Man', which comes out later in the year. Bollywood didn't figure in their calendar,” Kapoor said.
The success of “Baahubali 2” holds many lessons for Bollywood, including the limits of depending on stars and the importance of building a film property. For producers outside of Hindi, it also means that they can dream of making a pan-India film, one that does not have to contend with language as an obstacle.
“For us, the biggest thing is how much love it has found across the country, irrespective of which language people watched it in,” the film's producer Shobu Yarlagadda told Reuters from London, where they are promoting “Baahubali 2” with its star cast.
“The Hindi speaking belt has always focused on the multiplex audiences, but I think we realise now what a huge audience the single screens are. There should be more focus there too,” they said.
Editing by David Lalmalsawma
Nothing changes your entire life as you know it is quite like a newborn. Not only does this new life form require a complete top-to-bottom home makeover in the form of tons of plush toys, pastels, mobiles, and safety locks on anything and everything, but it also requires ditching your arsenal of designer duds in favor of t-shirts and sweats you won't mind getting covered in baby food and spit-up. And if anyone should know about the type of total personal transformation that accompanies a baby, it's Adam Levine and their wife Behati Prinsloo who just had their daughter Dusty Rose six months ago. But the musician's latest outfit proves that though their new daughter may have totally turned their life upside down, they haven't let it affect their rock and roll style sensibility all that much.
The Maroon 5 singer stepped out with their Victoria's Secret model wife on Sunday in Malibu for an increasingly rare baby-free lunch date wearing a very laid-back look. So laid-back, in fact, that almost every single thing he's wearing features a number of large rips and tears. But while all of their attire looks like it was taken straight from the back of Kurt Cobain‘s closet, their hair and mustache channeled pure '70s rock in the form of Freddy Mercury.
From Coinage: Jay-Z & Beyonce: All the Ways J and Bey Get Paid
RELATED PHOTOS: Adam Levine Shares Sweet Oceanside Family Photo: ‘Everything I Need Is Right Here'
Behati, on the other hand, gave a model-off-duty twist to their husband's punk-tinged aesthetic in a very on-trend motorcycle cap, Sex Pistols t-shirt, black leather jacket, and faded blue jeans, accessorized with Adam Selman cat-eye sunglasses, a Balenciaga handbag, and Alexander Wang slip-ons.
Posting is like, so whatever. 🐇 A post shared by Adam Levine (@adamlevine) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:24pm PDT
Later that day, the pair proved once again that their baby by no means implies they've lost an iota of their edge, posting a photo on Instagram in which it appears that Prinsloo is enjoying a glass of wine with bottle in hand and Levine is rolling up something smokable while their hair is obscured by a shower cap and some kind of white substance. In other words, it seems The Voice coach is going peroxide blond once again, or perhaps he'll throw us a curve ball and surprise everyone by going fire engine red in homage to Johnny Rotten.
Do you prefer Adam as a blond or a brunette? What do you think of their new dad style? Sound off below!
Senate Bill 109 would make the illegal microchipping of a human being a Category C felony, punishable with 2-5 years in prison and a fine not exceeding $10,000. Becky Harris, a Republican representative from Las Vegas, says the idea for the bill comes from one of their constituents.
"This is a completely new issue," Harris said. "I just want a safety measure in place until we better understand the technology and the reasoning behind people's desire to require implanting chips."
Harris argues that the chips violate both privacy and ethics, such as who owns the information contained on the chip. "Ethical issues are really really important," Harris said. "Who owns the chip and who owns the information on that chip."
But even if the law is clear there, Harris argues that the chips are vulnerable to exploitation. "There's no cryptology or protection measures that we're aware of that are placed on these chips, so it's possible to hack the information contained within the chips," Harris said. "It is possible that you could harass or stalk chipped individuals with the right type of reader."
© Sputnik/ Anton Polyakov Key Cards Are So Passe: Belgian Workers Open Doors With Microchip Implants
The law "wouldn't prohibit the voluntary decision of a person to be microchipped," they continued.
Other issues raised during the discussion included the administering of the chips to dementia patients to keep track of their whereabouts or chipping military pilots so they can be quickly located in case of their aircraft being shot down.
The US Food and Drug Administration approved human tracking chips in 2004, but controversial implementation led ten other states to pass legislation on tracking chips administered to humans. The Nevada legislature did not rule on the bill during the Monday session.
Harris says that in their research, they discovered an Australian company that had sold 10,000 implantable trackers since July 2016. "Each kit costs about $100 and includes a tag and an injection tool," they said.
In Australia, hundreds have already chipped themselves with the ability to operate electronic doors and devices from a distance.
The Wall Street Journal estimates that 30-50,000 chips have been sold globally, many to companies in Belgium and Sweden who have been using them for employee identification.
European Union chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, right, reaches out to shake hands with British Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis prior to a meeting at EU headquarters in Brussels on Monday, March 19, 2018. (Virginia Mayo)
Britain and the European Union on Monday reached a landmark deal on a transition phase that will see London follow the bloc's rules for nearly two years after the Brexit divorce.
Chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier and their British counterpart David Davis said the agreement, which European leaders will sign at a summit this week, was a "decisive step".
The two sides also agreed on a "backstop" solution for the thorny issue of the future of the Irish border, just weeks after Prime Minister Theresa May said no British premier could ever accept such an idea.
The deal, secured after what Frenchman Barnier called an "intensive" weekend of talks in Brussels, paves the way for talks on a future trade deal to start next month and sent the pound surging.
"We were able this morning to agree, after all those days and nights of hard work, on a large part of what will be an international agreement for the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom," Barnier told a press conference with Davis.
The transition will begin on Brexit day -- March 29, 2019 -- and last until December 31, 2020. During that period, Britain "will no longer participate in the European Union decision-making process," Barnier said.
"Nevertheless, it will preserve the benefits, the advantages of the single market and the customs union... and will therefore be required to respect all the European rules just like all member states do."
- 'Certainty' for the future -
Standing against a backdrop of British and EU flags, Davis told the news conference that the 21-month transition "gives the certainty demanded by businesses and citizens across Britain and the European Union."
Firms across Europe that need to plan their business years in the future have been clamouring for both sides to reach a deal to avoid a cliff-edge departure, and Davis said it was "near enough" the full two years Britain had demanded.
Davis said Britain would be able to sign trade deals with other countries during the transition, despite EU rules saying it should not be while subject to the bloc's customs rules.
They added that Britain would now allow EU citizens moving to Britain during the transition phase to have the same rights to work and live in the country as those who arrived before, a policy London previously rejected.
May, who reached an outline deal on the divorce with the EU in December, said in a statement that the deal showed that "we can get an arrangement for the future which will be in the interests" of both sides.
Both sides wanted the transition deal in place so that it could be signed off by EU leaders at a Brussels summit on Friday, allowing the unlocking of talks on the future British-EU relationship in April.
- 'Backstop' solution -
Britain meanwhile agreed to the EU's "backstop" plan for the status of the Irish border, under which British-ruled Northern Ireland would remain part of the EU's customs union if there is no better idea.
The thorny issue will, however, require further talks to be fully resolved, the two sides said.
The EU insists that any divorce deal must ensure there is no "hard border" between EU member Ireland and Northern Ireland, saying it could compromise the 1998 peace accord that ended decades of sectarian violence in the British province.
The move appeared to be a climb for May, who insisted in February that "no UK prime minister could ever agree" to the plan as it would threaten Britain's constitutional integrity.
The pro-British party in Northern Ireland that props up their government has previously deemed the backstop arrangement "unacceptable".
Davis however denied that Britain had backed down, saying it was still pushing for a solution as part of a trade deal which would mean there was no need for the backstop.
Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney, who met Barnier in Brussels, said on Twitter on Monday that "Brexit negotiations are moving forward."
Sterling climbed to $1.41 against the dollar and reached 87 pence against the euro on news of the deal.
London and Brussels had already drawn closer in recent days over the poisoning of a Russian ex-spy, with EU foreign ministers on Monday offering "unqualified solidarity" over the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal.
AFP
March 30 Facebook Inc
* Facebook Inc - introducing personal fundraisers, which will launch in U.S. For people aged 18 years or older, and in beta over next few weeks - blog
* Facebook - personal fundraisers will begin with six specific categories for critical financial needs and include 24-hour fundraiser review process
* Facebook Inc - announcing that verified pages can now add donate buttons to their live broadcasts Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2nnjK0S) Further company coverage:
Actresses, entertainment journalists, and other Hollywood personalities took to Twitter to react to Thursday's bombshell report in the New York Times alleging that super-producer and Democratic Party power player Harvey Weinstein allegedly sexually harassed multiple women over a period of decades, and allegedly reached financial settlements with at least eight of them.
Actresses Brie Larson, Rose McGowan (who was named in the New York Times story as having reached a settlement with Weinstein), Lena Dunham, and Amber Tamblyn all weighed in on the report, as did fellow producers Judd Apatow and Mynette Louie, and CNN anchor Jake Tapper.
advertisement
“Anyone who does business with __ is complicit,” McGowan, who starred in the Weinstein-produced horror movie Scream in 1996, wrote on Twitter. “And deep down you know you are even dirtier. Cleanse yourselves.”
Anyone who does business with __ is complicit. And deep down you know you are even dirtier. Cleanse yourselves. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 5, 2017
The movie mogul — who in addition to their 339 producer credits on the Internet Movie Database and six Best Picture Oscars has also held fundraisers and donated significant sums of money to Democratic politicians in recent years, including Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton — fired back at the allegations in an interview with the New York Post's Page Six and vowed to sue the Times for $50 million for what they called its “reckless reporting.”
“The Times had a deal with us that they would tell us about the people they had on the record in the story, so we could respond appropriately, but they didn't live up to the bargain,” Weinstein told Page Six, adding: “This is a vendetta, and the next time I see [Times executive editor] Dean Baquet, it will be across a courtroom.”
Still, numerous celebrities excoriated the super-producer on Twitter. Below is a roundup of reactions from Hollywood and media about the bombshell New York Times report.
Heed the mantra and never forget: Women. Have. Nothing. To. Gain. And. Everything. To Lose. By. Coming. forward. https://t.co/ynKX1bcBkK — Amber Tamblyn (@ambertamblyn) October 5, 2017
As always, I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment. It's not your fault. I believe you. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
When people are constantly making payouts over many decades it is usually because they have a pattern of abuse. https://t.co/mTKwaPZ53O — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 5, 2017
The 70's were 37 years ago. You are blaming growing up in the 70's? You haven't picked up anything since then? https://t.co/7jyVGdphg3 — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 6, 2017
Very brave of @ashleyjudd to tell their story of harassment by Harvey Weinstein to the NYT. No upside except making the world a better place. — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 5, 2017
The woman who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe. It's not fun or easy. It's brave. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) October 5, 2017
You can't spell menace without men. So typical. So dully grotesque. https://t.co/uhKxoSED3D — roxane gay (@rgay) October 5, 2017
Wow. Harvey Weinstein is a psychopath. pic.twitter.com/V5ee1Cpz7W — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) October 5, 2017
We condemn "grab them by the pussy" and we condone this… https://t.co/AnNWdvnIy3 — Brooklyn Decker (@BrooklynDecker) October 5, 2017
30 years of covering up sexual abuse – not just in the Catholic Church but also in elite liberal Hollywood. — Scott Derrickson (@scottderrickson) October 5, 2017
I expect the Hollywood elite will remain largely silent about Weinstein. Me, I give zero fucks about any repercussions for condemning him. — Scott Derrickson (@scottderrickson) October 5, 2017
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
UK Home Secretary Sajid Javid said they would chair a special government meeting Thursday to discuss the probe into a nerve agent poisoning in the town of Amesbury, which left two people critically ill.
"Tomorrow (Thursday) I will chair a meeting of the Government's emergency committee COBR in relation to the ongoing investigation," they said in a statement on Wednesday.
Two persons who came down Saturday with symptoms of poisoning in the British town of Amesbury were found to have been exposed to the same toxin as the ex-Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skrial and their daughter in Salisbury, the head of UK Metropolitan Police's anti-terrorism unit said earlier on Wednesday.
The newest victims — a 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman — are critically ill in hospital. They were discovered unconscious at the same address in Wiltshire county in South West England, miles from where the Skripals were found collapsed in the park.
Chief Medical Officer Sally Davies told reporters on Wednesday that the risk to public health following hospitalization of two Britons in the town of Amesbury with symptoms of exposure to a Salisbury nerve agent remains low.
"I want to reiterate the police are still investigating how this incident happened. We want to reassure the public that risk to the public remains low," Chief Medical Officer Sally Davies told reporters on Wednesday.
Metropolitan Police anti-terrorism chief Neil Basu said earlier in the day police had cordoned off as a precaution a number of sites in the Amesbury and Salisbury areas that they believed the two victims had visited before they fell ill on Saturday.
Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were found unconscious on a bench near a shopping mall in Salisbury on March 4. UK authorities blamed Russia for a murder attempt with what they believe to be a nerve agent of the Novichok class. Russia has denied any role in the poisoning.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
GOLD Coast recruit Harrison Wigg has suffered a major pre-season setback.
The former Adelaide midfielder suffered a fractured ankle at training on Monday and is set to miss a significant amount time.
It's a blow to the 21-year-old who was traded to the Suns in October and loomed as a likely addition to the club's midfield.
Drafted with pick No.35 in 2014, Wigg matured into an inside midfielder at SANFL level, averaging 25 disposals and five tackles in 2017, earning a place in the SANFL Team of the Year.
The Suns released a statement saying Wigg underwent scans and the club was yet to make a decision on the best course of action.
“The medical team will review the injury with specialists in the coming days where the most appropriate course of action to repair the injury will be determined,” it read.
MONTREAL – Congratulations to Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif. Make that Doctor Duvernay-Tardif.
The Chiefs offensive lineman graduated from medical school on Tuesday, becoming the first active NFL player to hold a medical degree.
The 6-foot-5, 321-lb. Canadian tweeted a photo of their white lab coat emblazoned with “Dr Duvernay-Tardif” and their number 76 on the back.
This is it! Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure for all 2018 graduates of @mcgillu Faculty of Medicine. #LDTMD #graduation #passion #nfl #chiefs pic.twitter.com/j4oD1BCuXJ — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018
Duvernay-Tardif, 27, graduated from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University, in Montreal. They were selected by the Chiefs in the sixth round of the 2014 NFL Draft, while they were in their third year of medical school.
They spent the next years working hard on the football field and returning to Canada during the off-season to continue medical school.
“So tonight right after graduation, I'm going back to Kansas City. Training camp is starting again tomorrow morning and then the season is right around the corner,” Dr. Duvernay-Tardif told NFL Canada.
“In terms of medicine, I think I want to give myself a year to think about, how am I going to be able to manage residency? Because it's hard to do part-time residency with an NFL career at the same time. But really, I think I want to also enjoy the moment right now and really focus 100 percent on football right now because we know the Chiefs 2018 season is gonna be big.”
Duvernay-Tardif signed a 5-year, $41 million deal with the Chiefs in 2017.
And when their NFL career eventually comes to an end, he'll have a pretty safe fall-back career.
(credit: istock)
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) — A homeless man stole a van from a bakery and rammed it into a building. That building just so happened to be a police precinct.
Employees at Sweet Frostings Blissful Bakeshop in Spokane were loading a gingerbread house into a van early Sunday morning, when a man screaming profanity and threats approached.
The frightened staff retreated into the shop, leaving behind the gingerbread house, the van and the van's keys.
DT precinct officers have arrested a male after they stole a van from Sweet Frostings bakery and crashed through the front doors of Intetmidal terminal. pic.twitter.com/z6TmSpnqLS — Spokane Police (@SpokanePD) December 10, 2017
The man sped off in the van before crashing into the glass entrance doors of the Spokane Police Department's downtown precinct.
The man was arrested on suspicion of vehicle theft and felony harassment for threatening to kill the workers, among other charges.
The gingerbread house won the people's choice award in the Gingerbread Build-off competition at the Davenport Grand Hotel.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
There are plenty of top top games at this year's E3 trade show in Los Angeles, but few have engaged us as much as Evolve. That's partly because it is an unexpected hit, perhaps. Not to those in the know, but certainly to the rest of us.
Its premise is simple enough. Like Left 4 Dead and its sequel – the former games from developer Turtle Rock Studios – four teammates must band together to defeat a dangerous menace. That time it was a zombie threat on a massive scale and this time the players must vanquish evolving space monsters. All of whom want to eat their faces off.
The twist this time is that a fifth player can also join the fun... as the monster.
This was the position we found ourselves in on the 2K Games booth at the show. And we have the wristband to prove it.
While the other players are thrust into a first-person shooter, with simply awesome graphics and guns and all the normal staples for the genre. Like in Left 4 Deads one and two, each player has a specific skill set that helps the team track, hunt and kill the huge beast, but the monster does have one advantage other than size. It, as suggested by the game's title, can evolve.
By eating creatures scattered around the map, the monster grows stronger each time, eventually getting to a stage where it can effectively level up. This gives the player more points to spend on aggressive actions, thereby making the challenge far greater for the hunters.
Another big difference is that the monster gameplay is seen in third person – it is, after all, a massive character on screen.
We played as the Kraken, which has range based attacks and is best served by hovering over the players when caught and raining down death from the skies. The hunters do have abilities to counter this strategy though, which makes for frenetic, hardcore battles.
They can harpoon the creature and set up a dome shield which stops it fleeing in any direction, including up. Still, the monster, especially when powered up is a fearsome foe.
We didn't manage to win our battle, which took around 15 – 20 minutes to complete, but we did manage to evolve twice – the maximum allowed for that level. Unfortunately, we ran out of critters to consume, which also add armour to the monster, so the last battle broke through our defences and the hunters won. Just.
The game looks fantastic and plays like a dream. Like all of these multiplayer only games, the experience will entirely depend on the people you play it with – especially when playing as a hunter – but we suspect that there will be enough depth to sate any gamer's appetite. Possibly even more so than Titanfall, and that's high praise indeed.
Evolve is coming out for Xbox One, PS4 and PC on 21 October in the UK.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has commented on the Nuclear Posture Review, issued by the United States on February 2, naming Russia, North Korea, Iran and China as potential threats to the US national security.
"The content of the new nuclear doctrine (the so-called Nuclear Posture Review) released by the United States on February 2 has provoked our deep disappointment. The confrontational and anti-Russian nature of this document strikes the eye. We can state with regret that the United States explains its policies for a large-scale boost of nuclear weapons by referring to the modernization of the nuclear forces in Russia and alleged increasing role of nuclear weapons in the Russian doctrine statements. We are accused of lowering the nuclear threshold and of conducting some 'aggressive behavior," the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Speaking about the US Nuclear Posture Review released on February 2, the Russian Foreign Ministry pointed out that accusations against Moscow of aggressive behavior, interventions, breaches of arms control agreements, written in the document, have nothing to do with reality.
"All of these [accusations] has nothing to do with the real situation. The military doctrine of the Russian Federation clearly limits the use of nuclear weapons to two hypothetical and purely defensive scenarios: only in response to aggression with the use of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction against Russia and (or) our allies, and also — the second scenario — in case of use of conventional weapons, but only when the very existence of our state is threatened," the ministerial statement reads.
The Russian side revealed their position on the document, calling it an unfair attempt to shift the blame for the degradation of the international nuclear situation.
"Such peremptory cliches have recently been replicated by Washington without a pause. We consider this as an unfair attempt to shift on others the responsibility for the degradation of the situation in the field of international and regional security and the imbalance of arms control mechanisms, resulting from a series of irresponsible steps taken by the United States itself," the ministry added.
The ministry called the statements concerning the US interest in "stable relations" and commitment to constructive cooperation, mentioned in the doctrine, hypocritical. As the ministry explained, Russia would take the necessary measures to ensure its security due to the approaches defined in the document.
"Of course, we will have to take into account the approaches introduced by Washington and take all necessary measures to ensure own security," the ministry said in a statement issued in response to the Friday publication of the NPR.
READ MORE: Trump's Nuclear Posture Review: From US Nuke Capabilities to Nuclear Terrorism
Addressing the bottom line of the document, Moscow stated that it questions Russia's right to self-defense in situations critical for the country's existence.
"It turns out that the US readiness, declared in this review, to use nuclear weapons in order to prevent Russia from using its nuclear weapons is an attempt to question our right to self-defense when countering aggression in situations critical for the existence of the state," the statement said.
Nevertheless, Moscow urged Washington to engage in a joint search for solutions to problems related to maintaining strategic stability, underlining that all nuclear states should be involved in nuclear disarmament, especially the United Kingdom and France as the US' allies.
"The doctrine's parts about Washington being interested in ‘stable relations' with us [Russia] and its determination to work constructively in order to reduce respective risks look hypocritical," the statement reads.
"From our part, we are ready for such work [on cooperation]. We urge the United States to seriously engage, jointly with us, in the search for solutions to the problems accumulating in the sphere of maintenance of strategic stability," the Russian ministry said.
"We have directed the attention [of various players] including the United States to the fact, that settling key strategic stability problems, such as unilateral and unrestricted deployment of the US global missile defense system, implementation of the ‘global strike' concept, the US denial to ratify the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and refusal to rule out possibility of deploying weapons in space, would contribute to creating the needed conditions for moving on the path of nuclear disarmament," the statement pointed out.
US Nuclear Weapons
Moscow has expressed concern over Washington's "unlimited" approach to the issue of nuclear weapons use, calling for a deeper look into the possibility of its use in a case of "extreme circumstances", as the Posture Review reads. Speaking about their anxiety over the document, the Russian side explained that the US still possessed ans is even modernizing tactical nuclear weapons in Europe, placing them near Russian borders.
READ MORE: US Nuclear Doctrine Allows for 'Another Hiroshima, Nagasaki Bombing' — Lawmaker
Speaking about the accusations against the country, the Russian side stressed its commitment to all obligations under international agreements, in particular, the INF treaty (Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty) and the Open Skies agreement.
"The document's statement that Russia allegedly refuses to further reduce its nuclear capabilities is yet another example of the blatant 'falsification,'" the ministry said.
The newly released Nuclear Posture Review describes US nuclear capabilities, as well as challenges supposedly posed by Russia, China, rogue states and nuclear terrorism.
US President Trump has decided to follow Obama's plan for modernizing the country's nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. US nuclear forces are said to contribute to the "deterrence of nuclear and non-nuclear attack," "assurance of allies and partners," "achievement of US objectives if deterrence fails," and "capacity to hedge against an uncertain future." As Secretary of Defense James Mattis has observed, "a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent is there to ensure a war that can never be won, is never fought."
McLaren took the virtual wraps off the 600 Longtail less than a week ago, yet the supercar marque based in Woking is already eager to talk about the next big thing for its Sports Series. In an interview with Motoring, the company's chief engineer Paul Burnham admitted they will fully support the idea of a go-faster hardcore version derived from the track-only 570S GT4:
“We want it to happen and I'm lobbying hard for it.”
While the 600LT has lost a whopping 211.6 pounds (95.9 kilograms) compared to the 570S Coupe upon which it's based, the new supercar would be even lighter thanks to a full carbon fiber body to enable a dry weight well below the Longtail's 2,749.2 lbs (1,247 kg).
The announcement about an even lighter version comes only a few days after McLaren through the voice of its CEO, Mike Flewitt, said U.K. automakers should replace “power race” with “weight race.” The company will be doing so with the opening of its McLaren Composites Technology Center in Yorkshire, U.K. later this year, so expect future models to weigh significantly less than the current crop of McLarens.
But a lower weight doesn't exclude a bump in power, which is why the biturbo 3.8-liter V8 engine could be dialed furthermore by McLaren to develop beyond the 592 hp and 457 lb-ft (620 Nm) available in the 600LT. It is believed the GT4 road car will have close to 670 hp, which would be only 40 hp less than the 720S belonging to the Super Series. Should the 670 hp number pan out, one could speculate the model in question will be called 680LT since 680 PS converted to horsepower is 670 hp and the Longtail suffix will likely be retained.
Aside from losing weight and gaining power, the new flagship model of the Sports Series could also feature a more aerodynamic body taking inspiration from the race car. Add it all up and we're looking at another winner from McLaren.
Source: Motoring
A mistrial has been declared in the Christopher Strawn homicide trial.
Strawn was in Juneau Superior Court on murder and other charges related to the death of Brandon Cook at the Kodzoff Acres trailer park in October 2015.
The trial ended abruptly Tuesday afternoon after a prosecution witness took the stand. All 12 jurors were excused and sent home.
Sophia Rodriguez was a former girlfriend called by the prosecution to testify about Strawn's ownership of a firearm. As part of an agreement with Strawn's defense counsel, they had been advised by the prosecution and the judge about simply answering the questions that were asked and not volunteering any information.
A terrified Rodriguez broke down as soon as they sat down in the witness stand. Then, Assistant District Attorney Amy Paige started asking the first set of questions about their relationship with Strawn.
“In the time you were in a relationship with him, did you live with him?” asked Paige.
“Yes,” answered Rodriguez.
“Where did you live with him?”
“Glacier View number 35.”
“How long did you live with him?” asked Paige.
“It was off and on between those seven years,” answered Rodriguez. “And … there was domestic violence –”
“Objection, your honor!” exclaimed Soutiere.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to ask you to disregard what was just said,” said Superior Court Judge Philip Pallenberg. “I'm going to send you out of the room. Don't discuss the matter amongst yourselves or anyone else. Don't form any opinions or gather any information.”
Rodriguez's voluntary utterance on the stand was prejudicial to Strawn. Such information about other crimes, wrongs, or other bad acts is normally inadmissible during a criminal trial.
As soon as the jury had left the room, Soutiere called for a mistrial.
Paige said it could be corrected with an extended instruction to the jury.
“I just wanted the record to reflect unequivocally that the state does not concur with the defense position that a mistrial is appropriate,” Paige said.
But Soutiere said it was too late.
“The state was cautioned about using this particular witness, if the state could not control this particular witness,” Soutiere. “And, we can't unring this bell.”
Pallenberg noted that jurors likely also picked up on Rodriguez's demeanor on the stand as well as their comment. They said it might've been different if it was part of a group of other bad act testimony. But, by itself, the incident would stand out.
“The last thing I want to do is retry this case,” Pallenberg said. “But I'd rather retry it in a couple months than retry it in a couple years when the Court of Appeals finishes with it. I think that would be the outcome. So, I'm granting a mistrial.”
Tiffany Johnson, who testified on Monday about witnessing Cook's death, became upset in the courtroom as soon as Strawn's defense called for a mistrial.
Prosecutors have already signaled their intentions to request a change of venue for the new trial in April.
NEW YORK — AOL Instant Messenger is about to put up an away message forever.
AIM will officially shut down on December 15 after 20 years in service, its parent company announced Friday. The news marks the end of an era for anyone who came of age with the internet in the late 90s and early 2000s.
When AIM launched in 1997, using the World Wide Web required a desktop computer with a clunky dial-up connection that tied up the phone lines. Perhaps more than any other product, AIM helped establish the internet as a place to hang out rather than being a simple utility.
AIM offered a platform for people to express themselves with embarrassing screen names, profiles filled with colorful fonts and emotional lyrics, and as many messages as you could send before someone in your house kicked you offline.
The product earned a coveted spot in pop culture, making cameos in You've Got Mail and Sex and the City.
But the service that defined the internet for a generation of users failed to evolve with them.
A decade after AIM launched, Apple kicked off the smartphone era with the release of the original iPhone. Untethered from their computers, internet users shifted to a range of messaging apps and social networks like Facebook and Twitter.
AIM, with a brand recognized by millions, could have capitalized on this shift and emerged as a lead player in the billion-dollar messaging space. Instead, it faded further and further from relevance.
Oath, the company created earlier this year from Verizon's merging of AOL and Yahoo, acknowledged this unfortunate fact in its announcement Friday of AIM's shutdown.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” Michael Albers, VP of communications product at Oath, wrote in a blog post.
Case in point: The announcement of AIM's shutdown was made on Twitter and Tumblr, two of the newer communications platforms that helped displace it.
Eulogies poured in for AIM on Twitter, with users remembering old screen names and lamenting the passage of time. As one user put it, “I can't decide which John Mayer song I should quote to express my sadness at the death of AOL Instant Messenger.”
Farewell, AIM. We hope that somehow you'll ~BrB~.
(Adds quote, detail)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 28 Nigeria's First Bank plans to have 30 million customers by 2020, 17 million more than now, with digital banking helping it to reach that goal, its chief executive said on Friday.
Adesola Adeduntan said 47 percent of transactions were being carried out electronically by the end of March and the lender was aiming to serve customers more cheaply outside its branches.
Industry data showed that instant transfers hit 38 trillion naira ($125 billion) last year. Nigerian banks had a total of 65 million accounts last year, up from 23 million eight years ago.
"We have set ourselves an ambitious three-year plan of transformation," Adeduntan told Reuters by phone.
"We have enough brick and mortar (branches) and need to push digital."
Adeduntan said the bank had hired some executives and was transforming its processes including centralising approvals to execute its strategy over the next three years.
First Bank has 750 branches in Nigeria and has been developing an agency banking model to win more customers from next month, particularly in the rural areas where more than 60 percent of Nigeria's 180 million people live, Adeduntan said.
"In the aftermath of the implementation of biometric identification for customers we now have a clearer idea of Nigerians who have bank accounts," they said.
The bank is also aiming to increase its lending by five and 10 percent this year. ($1 = 304.85 naira) (Editing by Mark Potter)
The sex hormone testosterone contributes to the canary's ability to learn a new song each year
Testosterone controls specific features of birdsong in two distinct regions of the canary brain that resemble the human motor cortex, according to a study published in The Journal of Neuroscience. The research points to a role for sex hormones in the regulation of this complex behavior that is more precise than merely increasing motivation to sing.
Canaries form a new song in the fall that becomes stable during the spring breeding season, when testosterone levels are high. This process parallels vocal development in humans, which begins with babbling in the first months of life and stabilizes after puberty.
Beau Alward and colleagues investigated the effects of testosterone on birdsong by blocking its receptors in two key brain regions involved in singing. Using male canaries, the authors found that the robust nucleus of the arcopallium (RA) regulates the production of song units such as syllables and trills (rapid repetition of a particular syllable type), while HVC regulates syntactical features such as how often a syllable type is used and the duration of trills. These results suggest that testosterone contributes to the canary's ability to learn a new song each year.
###
Article: Dissociable effects on birdsong of androgen signaling in cortex-like brain regions of canaries
DOI: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1523/ JNEUROSCI. 3371-16. 2017
Corresponding author: Beau Alward (Arnold O. Beckman Postdoctoral Fellow, Stanford University, Stanford, CA, USA), balward@stanford.edu
About JNeurosci
The Journal of Neuroscience (JNeurosci) is the flagship journal of the Society for Neuroscience. JNeurosci publishes papers on a broad range of topics in neuroscience in a print edition each Wednesday and recently began publishing early-release PDFs of studies online shortly after acceptance.
About The Society for Neuroscience
The Society for Neuroscience is the world's largest organization of scientists and physicians devoted to understanding the brain and nervous system. The nonprofit organization, founded in 1969, now has nearly 37,000 members in more than 90 countries and over 130 chapters worldwide.
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep them out for longer than three weeks, meaning they should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule them out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). Los Angeles Police cordon off the Belmont High School in looked down in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Los Angeles Fire Department says 15-year-old boy wounded in middle school shooting is in critical condition.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People wait for news outside the Belmont High School complex in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Two students were shot and wounded, one critically, inside a Los Angeles middle school classroom Thursday morning and poli...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). Los Angeles Fire department spokesperson Erik Scott, center briefs the media outside the Belmont High School in Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. Two students were shot and wounded, one critically, inside a Los Angeles midd...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People pick up students after a shooting at the Salvador B. Castro Middle School near downtown Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. A girl opened fire Thursday in a middle school classroom on Thursday, authorities said.
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes). People pick up students after a shooting at the Salvador B. Castro Middle School near downtown Los Angeles Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. A girl opened fire Thursday in a middle school classroom on Thursday, authorities said.
By AMANDA LEE MYERS and MIKE BALSAMO
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A semi-automatic handgun went off accidentally inside the backpack of a 12-year-old girl in a Los Angeles middle school classroom, sending a single bullet tearing through the wrist of another girl before hitting a boy in the head, police said Friday.
Los Angeles police spokesperson Josh Rubenstein said detectives are trying to figure out where the girl got the gun, which was unregistered, and why they brought it to school. It wasn't clear what made it fire.
The girl, who was taken into custody minutes after the shooting, has retained an attorney and isn't answering questions, Rubenstein said.  They are expected to be arraigned Monday on two felony charges, including being a minor in possession of a firearm and having a weapon on school grounds, prosecutors said.
Jordan Valenzuela, a 12-year-old classmate of the girl's, told The Associated Press that they were in the room next door when the gun went off and talked to their minutes later.
"She was crying," Jordan said. "She was like, 'I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off.'"
Jordan said they saw a hole in the backpack, which the girl was holding, when they asked them to hide the gun for them
"I said 'No,'" they said. "Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared."
The shooting sent children screaming and crying from the classroom as blood poured from the two students who were hit. Police descended on the school, which was put on lockdown, and the girl was arrested without incident.
Terrified parents rushed to the campus and waited for hours to be reunited with their children. Once they did, many children and parents sobbed as they hugged, walking from the school as they held each other.
The 15-year-old boy who was hit in the head with a bullet initially was in critical condition.
A spokesperson at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center where the children were being treated didn't respond to messages about their condition Friday, though a doctor treating the boy said they expected them to make a full recovery.
The wrist wound to the 15-year-old girl was considered minor. Three others had superficial face or head injuries, some from broken glass.
A review of shootings nationwide by The Associated Press and USA TODAY Network found that at least 141 deaths of minors were attributed to unintentional or accidental shootings in 2015.
Most accidental shootings involve someone actually handling firearms, as opposed to guns getting dropped, said Pete Gagliardi, a former longtime agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
"It's pretty rare to hear about an incident like this," Gagliardi said of Thursday's shooting.
They said the gun wouldn't necessarily have to have been cocked to go off in the girl's backpack, but mostly likely would have had to have become entangled with something inside the bag for the trigger to have been pressed.
A strikingly similar shooting to Thursday's happened just south of Los Angeles in Gardena on Jan. 18, 2011, when a gun went off inside a 17-year-old boy's backpack after they set it on a desk, wounding two students with one bullet, including a girl who was shot in the head.
The teen was convicted of possessing and discharging a firearm in a school zone. They were sentenced to nine months in juvenile camp and put on probation until they turned 21.
The Los Angeles Unified School District has a policy requiring every middle and high school campus to conduct daily random searches by metal-detector wands at different hours of the school day for students in the sixth grade and up.
___
Associated Press writers Christopher Weber, John Antczak, Krysta Fauria and Brian Melley in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(CBS) -- Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-South Carolina, says that the FBI has an "obligation" to run out any leads it may have -- including using informants -- to get to the bottom of the case of Russian interference in the 2016 campaign.
"When the FBI comes into contact with information about what a foreign government may be doing in our election cycle, I think they have an obligation to run it out," said Gowdy on "CBS This Morning" on Wednesday.
They added, "Based on what I have seen, I don't know what the FBI could have done or should have done other than run out a lead that someone loosely connected with the campaign was making assertions about Russia, I would think you would want the FBI to find out whether there was any validity to what those people were saying."
Gowdy said that following their briefing on Capitol Hill with top intelligence officialsregarding the FBI's use of an informant to make contact with Trump campaign officials, they were certain that the FBI would conclude that Russia was indeed the target, and not Mr. Trump or their campaign.
MORE: Read/watch the full story at CBS NEWS
Copyright (c) 2018 CBS All Rights Reserved
In 2015, 163,000 people sought asylum the Nordic nation of 10 million; the majority of the new arrivals were able-bodied men. Despite Sweden's high hopes that it could revitalize its job market with new blood, many of the newcomers proved to lack both the training and the language skills necessary to become gainfully employed and repay the country which offered them refuge with the fruits of their labor.
Having previously described mass migration as a boon and a "competence rain," the Swedish government seems to have lowered its expectations and today hopes they will take on simple, low-wage jobs, such as berry-picking. However, this seasonal occupation won't be available to people from outside the EU. To make things work, the Swedish government hopes to change its laws on labor migration.
"I believe this kind of job must be reserved to put people who have come to Sweden to work" Swedish Industry Minister Mikael Damberg said, as quoted by Swedish national broadcaster SVT.
In 2016, over 3,900 work permits for menial jobs that at most require a short training period or an introductory course were granted in Sweden. Most of them dealt with berry-picking, farming and the like.
In the future, these jobs should exclusively go to immigrants living within Sweden, according to an opinion piece Mikael Damberg and Swedish Trade Union Confederation Chief Karl-Petter Thorwaldsson penned jointly for the Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter. The aim is to reduce the rampant unemployment among the recent "crop" of migrants.
"We have to deal with a situation where 163,000 people sought asylum in Sweden during a single year, which is the equivalent of a new Sundsvall and a new Kalmar combined [both significant Swedish cities]. Never before has Sweden received so many people in such a short time," Damberg and Thorwaldsson stressed in their article, emphasizing the fact that three fourths of the newcomers were under 40 years of age.
© AFP 2016/ TT NEWS AGENCY / STIG-AKE JONSSON Swedish Population Swells to Ten A Million, With a Little Help From Migrants
Damberg even suggested that the Swedish government could possibly deviate from its amicable approach, which critics regard as "over-lenient," and actually apply some mild force in providing the migrants with occupations.
"There are rules today according to which they forfeit state support if they refuse to take the job," Mikael Damberg told SVT.
In 2016, eyebrows were raised when Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Löfven pledged to put greater focus on job creation in Sweden and mobilize at least 30,000 menial jobs in both the private and public sectors in a bid to make Sweden the EU country with the lowest unemployment. However, things didn't go as smoothly as planned.
Recently, the Swedish Employment Service admitted that it had failed to create local jobs and announced it will return a major 3.5-billion-SEK contribution ($400mln) to the state. The money was specifically earmarked to create subsidized jobs for the long-term unemployed, SVT reported.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The annual U.S. 36 Highway Association annual meeting was held Friday in Marysville. Kansas Secretary of Transportation Richard Carlson pointed out that the state was ranked second nationally in quality of roads last year. The legislature is to consider options for a multi-year transportation plan, with a task force identified.
Senator Elaine Bowers of Concordia is a member of the committee, and spoke indicating that conversation includes work for the next decade. Concerns with recent transfers from the state highway fund, leading to cancellation of nearly two dozen projects were heard.
SHAWNEE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after an attack on officers early Saturday.
Just after 2:00am, a man later identified as Anthony Hernandez of Topeka entered the Law Enforcement Center, 320 South Kansas Avenue in Topeka, according to Lt. Steve Roth.
Hernandez wielded a machete and stated that they had a bomb. Officers were able isolated them outside the building and initiated communications that continued for over an hour.
Hernandez subsequently “aggressed on officers” with their machete, according to Roth. Officers used a Taser and took them into custody. They received only superficial injuries, according to Roth.
No officers were injured in this incident.
Police booked Hernandez for Aggravated Assault on a Law Enforcement Officer, Criminal Threat, and other charges.
According to the Free Speech Coalition (FSC), a trade association representing the adult film industry, adult movie production houses have voluntarily shut down all filming after one actor was potentially diagnosed with HIV.
© Sputnik/ Alexandr Kryazhev Humanity Moves Closer to HIV Eradication, One Step at a Time
FSC noted that an unnamed actor had received a "possible positive test for HIV." After authorities within the industry were quickly alerted, the studio network elected to stop all production while the precise details of the health test are verified, according to the Toronto Sun.
According to reports, FSC shut down film production as a precaution, as, "The performer had not worked on an adult set during the window of transmission, and had not participated in any fluid exchange shoots since their last negative test."
"Out of an abundance of precaution," FSC stated, "we are asking that producers stop filming until we are able to confirm all facts. We will also proactively begin partner notification and retest anyone who might have had contact with the performer since their last clear test."
FSC further clarified the industry's stance on the health of its workers in a challenging environment with little-to-no assistance from federal guidelines or regulation.
"The Free Speech Coalition periodically calls production holds if there is a possible HIV exposure within the adult film community. Production holds are an important part of the safety protocols in adult film, but does not signal an actual on-set transmission, nor a confirmed positive test."
As reported by Ibtimes.com, the non-profit Adult Performer Advocacy Committee (APAC), acting to protect the rights of those that work within the adult film industry, released a statement concerning the temporary hold.
"Based on the current genealogy, there is low-risk to the performer pool," according to the APAC statement. "APAC will release a statement within the next few days regarding whether the production hold is called off or if a two-week moratorium is necessary."
APAC chair Chanel Preston remarked that the industry is following its own internal voluntary protocols, "because we are safe," according to Forbes.
FunTime USA was proposed to open in the summer of 2016. A number of local residents purchased a Golden Ticket for $1,000. The Golden Ticket would be good for 2 adults and 2 children to enter the amusement park for free for ten years. It stated in the contract that if FunTime USA failed to open, the money would be refunded. Most of the folks who purchased the ticket have not received a refund. They contacted Action Reporter A.J. Giardina.
By the time they got to see an Olympic gold medal up close and personal, the seed had already been sown somewhere in Darren Gardner's mind.
Becky Kellar had just returned from Salt Lake 2002 and was at Burlington's Rolling Meadows Public School to show off their gold medal. The Spectator snapped a photo of Tara McNeil, Meredith Megarry and Gardner, a promising 11-year-old snowboarder, admiring the gold medal — Canada's first in women's hockey — that Kellar had won a few weeks earlier.
"Really, I had no idea at the time, but the idea was already planted when snowboarding, my passion, was introduced to the Olympics in 1998," says the Burlington native who's now 27 and heading to their first Games with Canada's alpine snowboarding team.
Gardner's parents, Donna and Bruce, had them and their older sister, Brianne, on skis at an early age on the slopes of Ellicottville's Holimont Ski Area. When their son was four, Bruce Gardner rigged them up with ski boots — soft snowboarding boots didn't come that small at the time — and the shortest board possible. By the time they were seven, they were competing at the American age-class Nationals where they finished fourth.
"My dad was one of the first snowboarders in our club in Ellicottville, starting in 1992 or '93, and you want to be like your dad," they say of their earliest boarding memories. "I just remember loving it.
"When I started racing, my dad would travel with me and he'd race in old dogs' category, whatever it was, then I'd race my races. My sister was big into ski racing, so while my dad and I were doing that my mom and sister would be at another place ski racing."
In 2008, their graduating year at M.M. Robinson High School, Gardner made Canada Snowboard's development team, and two years later they were promoted to the National Team after finishing fourth in the parallel slalom at the world junior championship. In 2016 was the overall Nor-Am championship.
Gardner has also competed in about 50 World Cup parallel slaloms and grand slalom World Cup races but is forthright about this year's Cup tour, in which their only top-30 result was a 26th in the GS a few days ago in Bulgaria.
"This year's World Cup season hasn't been going that well for me," they say honestly. "The past couple of months have been stressful: I think it's something around the Olympic cycle. You see it all over the World Cup. The Olympic year changes your mentality toward the sport.
"That was an eye opener for me: I'm certainly riding like one of the best in world in training but it's whether I can bring my training runs to race runs which will certainly decide where I end up in the Olympics.
The Pacific Aviation Museum is hosting their family favorite Biggest Little Airshow, which is now called Flight Adventures.
It will be held on Saturday June 2 at the museum. Remote controlled planes will take to the skies to amuse audiences with tricks and air maneuvers.
The even will be held from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Click here for more information.
Kids will also have the opportunity to go through educational flight programs and get a hands-on learning experience.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
As Bilbo Baggins has it: ‘It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door.' Best stay warm, under cover of thatch.
Norfolk, £290,000
With a lovely garden backing onto paddocks and overlooking Worthing Common at the front, pretty The Cottage in Long Green, near the market town of Diss, has two bedrooms and comes with outbuildings.
Durrants (01379 462233)
With parts dating from the 16th century and later additions, Ruggs Hall comes with a lot of character – exposed beams, fireplaces, a back stable door and salmon-pink exterior walls. Nevertheless, the interior is well maintained, with a beautiful modern kitchen with handcrafted wooden cabinets, butler sink and electric Aga. In the popular village of Raydon, near Hadleigh, it has three bedrooms; outside, there are extensive lawns, a summer house and greenhouse.
Fenn Wright (countrylife.onthemarket.com; 01473 232700)
Grade II* listed and with 15th-century origins, palatial Old Sandpitts House is set in 10 beautiful acres with a series of spring-fed lakes, a yard, a large barn with a studio, two stables, multiple garages and a paddock. Close to the village of Broadwindsor, near Beaminster, it has seven bedrooms, a library, a 40ft indoor swimming pool, a gym and a separate three-bedroom detached cottage. Also available as four separate lots, the property enjoys views of rolling Dorset countryside from its prominent position in the historic hamlet of Sandpit.
Knight Frank (www.knightfrank.co.uk; 01935 812236)
Of sandy-coloured limestone and dating back to the 1720s, Cress Cottage has been completely restored within. There's an inglenook fireplace with bread oven, exposed beams and oak floors, plus three bedrooms and landscaped gardens with several apple trees. There's also a terrace that overlooks the village pond, created from the former cress beds that gave their name to the cottage, which forms the centrepiece of Sherrington, a delightful Wylye Valley village. The market town of Warminster is nearby.
Strutt & Parker (countrylife.onthemarket.com; 01722 344011)
St. Mary's Kiltoghert GAA Club has paid tribute to its President, Pat Murtagh who passed away peacefully on Thursday, June 28, aged 91 years, at Lough Erril, Nursing Home, Mohill.
“It is with deep regret that we learned of the death of our Club President Pat,” the club stated in a post on its Facebook page.
“Pat was a legendary figure in our club for all of their life and indeed played a major role in all aspects of the development of St. Mary's GAA, from the early days of the late forties and earlier fifties as a player of high renown they progressed into an administrative role as Chairman and was to the fore when we purchased our first grounds Páirc Uí Chearnaigh.
“Pat was often seen over the years keeping this pitch in order and nothing made them happier than to see youngsters on this field every evening.
“In later years Pat maintained their interest in all club affairs and was always there to advise and help younger officers as they tried to carry the club forward.
“Pat also threw themselves into the development of underage football in the early seventies and many great St. Mary's players learnt their skills under the tutelage and patience of Pat who spent many hours coaching them.
“Indeed their Ford Anglia car was famous for the amount of players they could squeeze in, and travel the highways and byways to matches....there was no team bus back then!
“Pat did not restrict themselves to St. Mary's and together with the late George O'Toole was involved in the development of Páirc Seán MacDiarmada into the fine stadium we have today. Pat always gave of their time freely and was a proud and loyal GAA man.
“Pre-deceased by their wife Tess and grandson Shane. Pat will be sadly missed by all who knew him.
“The club extends its deepest sympathies to their sons Sean and Jim, daughters Mary Glancy, Teresa Branagan (Castleknock, Dublin), Carmel Kelly (Strokestown) and Ann Warnock, sons-in-law Pat, Seamus, Hughie and Donal, daughters-in-law Frances and Heather, grandchildren Emma, Darragh, Sean, Laura, Oisín, Brian, Niamh, Conor, Aoife, Liam, Michael, Tadhg, Tess, Shauna, Luke and Katie, great-grandchildren Nicole and Ciara, sister Bridgie Murtagh (Legga, Moyne), sister-in-law Anna Mae Murtagh (Dublin), nieces, nephews, relatives, neighbours and friends.
Pat's remains reposed at their residence in St. Patrick's Park on Friday, from 3 o'clock until 9 o'clock with removal on Saturday evening to St. Mary's Church, Carrick-on-Shannon, arriving for Mass of Christian Burial at 4 o'clock with funeral afterwards to St. Mary's Cemetery.
Large crowds attended the obsequies showing the esteem in which Pat and the Murtagh family are held in the community. St. Mary's GAA Club members formed a guard of honour as the funeral made its way to the cemetery.
Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam dílis.
An unexpected issue has come up in the Vaughan Foods beheading trial. On Thursday, the judge told the jurors there was a “snag” in the case and sent them home. Jurors returned on Friday, but were sent home again.
The jury already found Alton Nolen, 33, guilty on six charges, including five counts of assault and one count of first degree murder. The trial is now in the penalty phase for the murder charge. Nolen is guilty for beheading Colleen Hufford at work on September 25, 2014. During interviews with law enforcement they admitted to the crime and told police they felt oppressed by someone who didn't worship Allah.
During the penalty phase, the defense and state must first make their case about Nolen's intellectuality. Their attorneys are trying to prove they are intellectually disabled; the state says they are not. By Oklahoma law, if jurors unanimously find them intellectually disabled, Nolen cannot be eligible for the death penalty. However, if it is not unanimous, or if they find them competent, the death penalty remains an option in their sentencing.
As the district attorney put on an expert witness to testify, questions were brought up about testing done by a psychologist called by the defense. This caused the “snag” in the case. On Friday, the jurors were told to return on Tuesday as both sides deal with the issue.
The judge assured the jury they are working to keep the trial on track as it goes into week five. They expect the jurors to deliberate on Nolen's intellectual disability on Tuesday. They will likely decide the sentencing on Wednesday.
 They are a travel journalist who has worn out three passports and four sets of luggage but some of their favorite travel destinations are right here in their backyard. Author Diana Lambdin Meyer has they must hit spots right here in the Midwest.
May 2 Intesa Sanpaolo:
* Goldman Sachs held 5.176 percent of the Italian bank as of April 21 through various derivatives contracts - market regulator Consob Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
SWBTS Photo
Members of the Southern Baptist Convention's evangelism task force met Dec. 5 for the second of three scheduled meetings on the campus of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary.
Members of the Southern Baptist Convention's (SBC)met Dec. 5 to each share recommendations that will be considered for a final report to the SBC's 2018 annual meeting in Dallas.The task force gathered on the campus of(SWBTS) for the second of three scheduled meetings. SBC Presidentappointed the task force during the SBC annual meeting in June to focus on how Southern Baptists might be more effective in personal soul winning and evangelistic preaching., president of SWBTS and chairperson of the task force, referred to the latest meeting as “simply remarkable.” “Members representing various theological perspectives, multiple age groups and every geographical section of America came together with harmony seldom exhibited anywhere in the common cause of reaching men and women for Christ,” they said. “Watching these men work evoked the strongest hope I have had for the future of Southern Baptists.”Having utilized their first meeting in August to study evangelism and prayerfully seek the will the God, the team used their second meeting to begin formulating recommendations that will eventually be compiled and revised into their report to the convention. See related report Following the group's first meeting, Patterson said they hoped they would help “harness the energies of our churches for an assault on the kingdom of Satan and guide us in the witness of Southern Baptists to a fallen world.”In addition to Patterson and Gaines, those in attendance at the second meeting were executive director of the Southern Baptists of Texas Convention Jim Richards; pastors Jordan Easley, Nick Floyd, J.D. Greear, Doug Munton and Jimmy Scroggins; Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary professor Robert Matz; New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary professor Preston Nix; Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary professors Alvin Reid and Jim Shaddix; The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary professor Adam Greenway; and SWBTS professors David Allen and Matt Queen.SWBTS's Chair of Evangelismnoted their optimism following the meeting.“We spent time in concerted prayer,” Queen said, “and I believe God, out of that time of prayer, through Their Holy Spirit, directed us in such a way that we can bring a report to the convention that will be accepted and help us reclaim our heritage as an evangelistic denomination.”(EDITOR'S NOTE – Alex Sibley is associate director of news and information at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. Baptist Press contributed to this report.)
While most of the focus on the Chargers is about them having a new head coach in Anthony Lynn, don't overlook the fresh face running the defense: Gus Bradley.
The former Jacksonville Jaguars head coach returns to their defensive coordinator roots, where they made their mark with the Seattle Seahawks. With Bradley on board, the Chargers are switching from a 3-4 to a 4-3 alignment. That means Melvin Ingram goes from an outside linebacker to a defensive end, although they will continue to rush more than drop back into coverage.
Ingram is upbeat on what might lie ahead in the new scheme and he's already taken to Bradley's enthusiasm.
"I just love their energy," Ingram said. "Just the way they come out. He'll put a smile on your face because he's coming out with a smile on their face. They just wants to be successful and I think all of us want to do that. When we combine everything together, I think we have a great chance of doing that."
Bradley is quick with a grin but the Chargers are learning that Lynn, when ticked, doesn't beat around the bush.
"He has very strong beliefs," Bradley said. "Players can look at them and know there's no messing around."
HONOLULU — The man who says they sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday they think they are being treated unfairly, and they were positive at the time the drill was real.
The man, who said they don't want to be identified for security reasons, was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) earlier this week. They told CNN on Friday that they feel terrible about what happened, but they did what they were trained to do.
They hope that by speaking out, they can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states.
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man, who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years, according to their lawyer, and their coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts, they said.
“I thought 100 percent it was real,” said the former employee, who said they had been involved in about five prior missile drills.
The man said this time they never heard “exercise, exercise, exercise” over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker.
The man said they heard the words “This is not a drill” in a voice they did not recognize and reacted as they were trained to do. They went on their computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert.
Bruce Oliveira, who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident, said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise.
Oliveira, who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general, also told reporters, “When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued,” the employee who sent it out “seemed confused, they froze and another employee had to take over their responsibilities.”
The employee “had a history of confusing drill and real-world events,” Oliveira said.
The man disagreed with the state's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill.
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors — it was shift change, they and others lacked training, the drill was unannounced — for the alert that wasn't corrected for 38 minutes.
They also said protocols for the drills they were involved in changed each time.
“The (state and the Federal Communications Commission) have false information in the reports,” the man said.
Attorney Michael Green said their client was a scapegoat.
“No one was ready for this day,” Green said by phone. “They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened.”
Green and their client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert. Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled. The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom.
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found “that insufficient management controls, poor computer software design and human factors contributed” to the alert and a delayed correction message.
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan, Hawaii's state adjutant general, said Vern Miyagi, administrator of the state emergency management agency, resigned Tuesday.
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of their employees, Logan said. Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken, Logan said.
Logan said they appointed Brig. Gen. Moses Kaoiwi, director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard, as interim agency administrator.
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations, including eliminating practice drills during a shift change, stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert, and improved training.
The former employee told CNN that the task they were assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job.
But they said that they think the military is better equipped for alerts. Before November, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes, possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events.
FCC report
Oliveira's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday.
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic.
“Many things went wrong in Hawaii,” FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement. “I don't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials. We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them — not just in Hawaii, but anywhere else where they may exist.”
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing, the report noted. The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to them about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked them to write a statement.
They said they then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against them to agency officials. They said they saw a doctor for sleep issues. They also had their hearing tested (no issues there, they said).
Green said their client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said that President Trump told them that criticism of NFL players who protest during the national anthem is "a very winning, strong issue for me," according to a report by The Wall Street Journal that was published Wednesday morning.
"Tell everybody, you can't win this one," Trump told Jones, according to the report. "This one lifts me."
Jones recalled Trump's comments in a sworn deposition that was taken as part of Colin Kaepernick's grievance against NFL owners and obtained by The Wall Street Journal.
The NFL announced last week that players will be permitted to stay in the locker room during the pregame playing of The Star-Spangled Banner but must stand and show respect if they are on the field while it is played, or their teams will be subject to fines.
Jones also said in their deposition, which was taken before the policy change, that "you cannot piss off a large percentage of your constituency," according to The Wall Street Journal.
"Let's (not) give (Trump) that much credit," Jones said, according to the report. "But I recognize he's the president of the United States."
A spokesperson for the Cowboys told USA TODAY Sports the team would not comment on the story, while the White House did not immediately respond to an inquiry.
Contact Tom Schad at tschad@usatoday.com or on Twitter @Tom_Schad.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Rusatom Healthcare is also set to promote radiation technology designed for use in irradiation and sterilization centers.
"The new company will integrate Russian offers in the area of nuclear medicine and their promotion on world markets," a company source told RIA Novosti.
The new company has an authorized share capital of 480 million rubles ($8 million), with 100 percent shares in the hands of the Atomenergoprom state-owned holding company in charge of Rosatom's civil assets, according to the Russian e-disclosure database.
Nuclear medicine involves the use of radioactive substances in diagnostics and treatment of diseases. Other applications include medical tool and food sterilization.
Rosatom has been seeking to expand its presence on the market. In 2016, the company signed an agreement to take part in an Indian program tasked with creating an integrated sterilization center network in the Asian country. A similar agreement had been reached with Brazil, while Russia and Saudi Arabia signed an agreement on cooperation in the peaceful use of nuclear technology, medicine in particular, in 2015.
A MELBOURNE comedian has been charged with allegedly painting the “lewd markings” discovered close to the Princes Park memorial for Eurydice Dixon.
The 22-year-old, an aspiring comedian, was killed as they walked home from a comedy gig in Melbourne's CBD on June 13.
Andrew Nolch, 31, a comedian who is known to Ms Dixon's friends, has been charged with criminal damage, offensive behaviour and marking offensive graffiti, The Age reports.
Camera Icon Andrew Nolch has been charged over graffiti left on Eurydice Dixon's memorial Picture: Supplied
Mr Nolch hosted a now-defunct late-night comedy show on Channel 31 called The Kink as well as a podcast about Scientology.
Camera Icon The horrific death of Eurydice Dixon shocked the nation. Picture: AAP
After the horrific death of Ms Dixon, Mr Nolch took to Twitter, accusing the media of “running a brainwashing program which is designed to make everyone think that males are bad”.
They have been charged and bailed by police to face court in August, The Age reports.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
This week on Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Kasius' own seer detailed the perpetual hell that has been their own Groundhog Day — dropping a bombshell about a beloved agent along the way.
That “seer,” as some here predicted, turned out to be Elena from the first timeline, the scythe-wielding one who in the flash “forward” mentioned that Mack was “gone” before breaking away from May and Robin to hunt down their keepers. In the course of rounding up any stray Inhumans to be whisked to safety by Tess in the trawler, it was Yo-Yo themselves who stumbled upon… herself. Yo-Yo Prime was terribly worn down (and armless), having been killed and then resurrected again and again over time, as Kasius saw fit. They also are fatalistic, having been stuck in this “time loop” for so long that it seemed as if every word, every warning, they tried to relate to their other self “echoed.”
In short, they explained, “We make it back home… and then we bring everything there is to come.” They said that no matter how they tried to right things each time around, the outcome was the same. “The team makes one choice,” they shared, “and it changes everything. The choice to save him.” Him being…? “Phil Coulson is dying,” they answered, as we cut to a glimpse of Coulson concealing a veiny rash traversing their chest. “And you have to let him.” As for Mack's apparently grim fate in their timeline, they cryptically alluded to themselves being “on fire” as they reached for him, only to grab “nothing.”
Kasius meanwhile was extremely displeased to discover that Sinara had been vanquished in their clash aboard the Zephyr. In speaking to their corpse back inside their chambers, we gained more insight into how S.H.I.E.L.D. thwarted Kasius' father's plan to invade Earth (the “light” in the sky that Voss mentioned?), so if they are able to keep them from going back, Earth will remain intact and free to conquer. Kasius tasked their healer with resurrecting Sinara as they have done with the likes of Tess and Inhumans, but that process does not work on Kree — an answer that got the doc's blue brain matter splattered across the room. Kasius' next move was to sic their collection of Inhumans on S.H.I.E.L.D., but the trainer, Tye, warned that they are ill-equipped for combat. So Kasius fed Tye some goo called Odium, which turned them into a hopped-up savage who feels no pain. When S.H.I.E.L.D. went to free the Inhumans from the Kree, Daisy wound up trading blows with the impervious Tye, ultimately ending them with a dagger to the chest.
As for the rest of Kasius' minions, they got sucked into space when Flint, floating around outside in the Star-Lord get-up, collected and hurled a barrage of boulders through the window. As Flint then went about using the portal shard to assemble a new one, the time came for the team to bid Tess adieu as they made their first trawler run to the surface with a batch of refugees. Enoch meanwhile had stayed behind on the Zephyr to ready the machine that will trigger the new portal, and Deke later volunteered to go help them — even though it would eventually mean that they both would die, seeing as Enoch would have to use themselves to power the device, triggering a massive explosion on the spot. As for the agents, Daisy refused to go with Coulson and May to the portal, terrified that their return to the present would only lead to the same apocalyptic future. So Coulson iced their colleague, then lugged them to the rendezvous point.
Yo-Yo, however, remained MIA, so Mack went to find them — which they sort of did, arriving at the Octagon where Kasius was holding the other Elena at knifepoint. Kasius proceeded to slit that Elena's throat before sucking down some Odium and jumping into the arena to slug it out with Mack. The crazed Kasius wound up gaining the upper hand, and was on track to beat Mack “to death with their own skull,” when Simmons sneaked up on the Kree and slipped into their ear that enslaving tech. Distracted, Kasius was ripe for skewering by Mack's shotgun-axe. Our Yo-Yo then showed up, much to an admittedly confused Mack's delight. Flint, despite being invited by Mack to come back with them, instead hopped on the final trawler run with Tess, ready to use Virgil's globe tchotchke as a “blueprint” for, I guess, rebuilding Earth.
With Enoch about to power down, Deke warned the others that the time was now or never to flip the switch, which they did as Coulson (holding unconscious Daisy), May and Fitz stood before the mutating portal, while Mack, Yo-Yo and Simmons raced to get there in time. Did they? We shall find out… when Season 5 resumes.
Want scoop on S.H.I.E.L.D., or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Rap star Lil Wayne has warned concertgoers that their entourage may have to shoot them should they continue to throw objects at the stage.
While performing at the 2018 Cannabis Cup at the Events Center in San Bernardino, California on Saturday, the rapper appeared to dodge an object thrown at them from the crowd which caused the rapper to paused their set and approached audience members in the area where the object was thrown.
“Y'all trying to throw stuff on stage,” they said. “I don't know if it's love or y'all trying to promote something, but I'm from New Orleans and we don't know how to accept that shit.
“I got New Orleans people with me and all they know how to throw back is shot,” Lil Wayne continued. So I don't want to end this show in a bad way, but let's just keep it going. Don't throw anything at me.”
***LANGUAGE WARNING***
It is now the second time that the New Orleans crooner has threatened to have members of their audience shot after a similar incident occurred while they were performing at the Jumanji Festival last month.
“OK, so let me let you know where I'm from,” they told the crowd. “I think y'all know that's the States, we don't throw shit on stage because all my niggas got pistols and they don't know who to shoot at. So if you throw something else, I'm going to be more safe, and I'm going to be the bigger person and just leave, ‘cause I don't wanna kill everybody.”
***LANGUAGE WARNING***
Throughout Lil Wayne's career, there have multiple cases of violence at their concerts, and in 2013 a man was fatally stabbed to death after attempting to defend their girlfriend from attackers.
The singer, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., has repeatedly been subject to criminal charges and investigations throughout their career, mainly for possession of illegal substances. In 2010, they were also sentenced to eight months in prison for criminal possession of a weapon.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
BUFFALO, N.Y. -- When and how did the first people come to the Americas?
The conventional story says that the earliest settlers came via Siberia, crossing the now-defunct Bering land bridge on foot and trekking through Canada when an ice-free corridor opened up between massive ice sheets toward the end of the last ice age.
But with recent archaeological evidence casting doubt on this thinking, scientists are seeking new explanations. One dominant, new theory: The first Americans took a coastal route along Alaska's Pacific border to enter the continent.
A new geological study provides compelling evidence to support this hypothesis.
By analyzing boulders and bedrock, a research team led by the University at Buffalo shows that part of a coastal migration route became accessible to humans 17,000 years ago. During this period, ancient glaciers receded, exposing islands of southern Alaska's Alexander Archipelago to air and sun -- and, possibly, to human migration.
The timing of these events is key: Recent genetic and archaeological estimates suggest that settlers may have begun traveling deeper into the Americas some 16,000 years ago, soon after the coastal gateway opened up.
The research will be published online on May 30 in the journal Science Advances. All information in this press release is embargoed until 2 p.m. U.S. Eastern Time on May 30.
To obtain additional images not available through EurekAlert!, contact Charlotte Hsu in UB Media Relations at chsu22@buffalo.edu.
"People are fascinated by these questions of where they come from and how they got there," says lead scientist Jason Briner, PhD, professor of geology in UB's College of Arts and Sciences. "Our research contributes to the debate about how humans came to the Americas. It's potentially adding to what we know about our ancestry and how we colonized our planet."
"Our study provides some of the first geologic evidence that a coastal migration route was available for early humans as they colonized the New World," says UB geology PhD candidate Alia Lesnek, the study's first author. "There was a coastal route available, and the appearance of this newly ice-free terrain may have spurred early humans to migrate southward."
The findings do not mean that early settlers definitely traversed Alaska's southern coast to spread into the Americas: The project examined just one section of the coast, and scientists would need to study multiple locations up and down the coastline to draw firmer conclusions.
Still, the work is exciting because it hints that the seafaring theory of migration is viable.
The bones of an ancient ringed seal -- previously discovered in a nearby cave by other researchers -- provide further, tantalizing clues. They hint that the area was capable of supporting human life at the time that early settlers may have been passing through, Briner says. The new study calculates that the seal bones are about 17,000 years old. This indicates that the region was ecologically vibrant soon after the ice retreated, with resources including food becoming available.
Co-authors on the research included Briner; Lesnek; Charlotte Lindqvist, PhD, an associate professor of biological sciences at UB and a visiting associate professor at Nanyang Technological University; James Baichtal of Tongass National Forest; and Timothy Heaton, PhD, of the University of South Dakota.
A landscape, touched by ice, that tells a story
To conduct their study, the scientists journeyed to four islands within the Alexander Archipelago that lie about 200 miles south/southeast of Juneau.
The team traveled by helicopter to reach these remote destinations. As soon as the researchers arrived, Briner knew that the islands had once been covered by ice.
"The landscape is glacial," they say. "The rock surfaces are smooth and scratched from when the ice moved over it, and there are erratic boulders everywhere. When you are a geologist, it hits you in the face. You know it immediately: The glacier was here."
To pinpoint when the ice receded from the region, the team collected bits of rock from the surfaces of boulders and bedrock. Later, the scientists ran tests to figure out how long the samples -- and thus the islands as a whole -- had been free of ice.
The researchers used a method called surface exposure dating. As Lesnek explains, "When land is covered by a glacier, the bedrock in the area is hidden under ice. As soon as the ice disappears, however, the bedrock is exposed to cosmic radiation from space, which causes it to accumulate certain chemicals on their surface. The longer the surface has been exposed, the more of these chemicals you get. By testing for these chemicals, we were able to determine when our rock surfaces were exposed, which tells us when the ice retreated.
"We use the same dating method for huge boulders called erratics. These are big rocks that are plucked from the Earth and carried to new locations by glaciers, which actually consist of moving ice. When glaciers melt and disappear from a specific region, they leave these erratics behind, and surface exposure dating can tell us when the ice retreated."
For the region that was studied, this happened roughly 17,000 years ago.
The case for a coastal migration route
In recent years, evidence has mounted against the conventional thinking that humans populated North America by taking an inland route through Canada. To do so, they would have needed to walk through a narrow, ice-free ribbon of terrain that appeared when two major ice sheets started to separate. But recent research suggests that while this path may have opened up more than 14,000 years ago, it did not develop enough biological diversity to support human life until about 13,000 years ago, Briner says.
That clashes with archaeological findings that suggest humans were already living in Chile about 15,000 years ago or more and in Florida 14,500 years ago.
The coastal migration theory provides an alternative narrative, and the new study may mark a step toward solving the mystery of how humans came to the Americas.
"Where we looked at it, the coastal route was not only open -- it opened at just the right time," Lindqvist says. "The timing coincides almost exactly with the time in human history that the migration into the Americas is thought to have occurred."
###
The research was funded by a UB IMPACT award, and Lesnek's work on the project, which will contribute to their dissertation, was supported by the National Science Foundation.
It took several years, but a research team headed by Professor Jens Nielsen at Chalmers University of Technology has finally succeeded in mapping out the complex metabolism of yeast cells.
It took several years, but a research team headed by Professor Jens Nielsen at Chalmers University of Technology has finally succeeded in mapping out the complex metabolism of yeast cells. The breakthrough, recently published in an article in Nature Communications, means a huge step forward in the potential to more efficiently produce protein therapies for diseases such as cancer.
The market for pharmaceuticals that mimic the body's own proteins - protein-based therapeutics - is exploding. Some of them are relatively simple to manufacture in yeast-based cell factories. Insulin and HPV vaccine are two examples that are already under production, but other therapies, such as antibodies to various forms of cancer, are significantly more difficult to manufacture.
"They are currently produced using a cell factory based on a single cell from a Chinese hamster. It's an extremely expensive process. If we can get yeast cells to do the same thing, it will be significantly cheaper - perhaps 10% of what it costs today. Our vision is to eventually be able to mass-produce and supply the entire world with therapies that are too expensive for many countries today," says Jens Nielsen, professor of systems biology.
In collaboration with Associate Professor Dina Petrovic and Mathias Uhlén's research team at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, Jens Nielsen has been mapping out the complex metabolism of yeast cells for four years.
"We've been studying the metabolism of a yeast that we already know is a good protein producer. And we found the mechanisms that can be used to make the process even more efficient. The next step is to prove that we can actually produce antibodies in such quantities that costs are reduced."
The discussion has mainly been about cancer, but there are many other diseases, for example Alzheimer's, diabetes and MS, that could potentially be treated by yeast-based protein therapies. How distant a future are we talking about?
"Our part of the process is fast, but pharmaceuticals always take a long time to develop. It could be a possibility in five years, but should absolutely be on the market in ten," Nielsen says.
Jens Nielsen has been making headlines the past few months. In addition to their publication in Nature Communications, they have recently received three prestigious awards.
On 31 October they received the world's biggest award for innovation in alternative fuels for transportation - the Eric and Sheila Samson Prime Minister's Prize, in Israel. Alternative fuels? Yes, plain old yeast can be used for a lot, and Nielsen's award was for their contribution to processes for producing hydrocarbons from yeast, which will advance new biofuels. Earlier in October they received the prestigious Energy Frontiers Award from the Italian oil company Eni for the same type of research. And just a week before they left for Israel, they were awarded the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA)'s gold medal for innovative and creative research in systems biology.
"Yeast is a superb modelling system. Almost everything in yeast is also found in humans. We have complete computer models of the metabolism of yeast, and we use the same type of models to study human metabolism," Nielsen explained when they received the IVA award.
More about making the metabolism in yeast more effective
The protein production of yeast cells comprises more than 100 different processes in which proteins are modified and transported out of the cell. Around 200 enzymes are involved, which makes it a very complex system to engineer. In order to optimize protein production, it is necessary to chart how these 200 enzymes function and work. In the study, this has been done by altering the genetic set of certain key genes, using advanced screening methods in combination with modern genome sequencing techniques.
###
President Donald Trump said Friday he'll nominate a critic of the U.S. Export-Import Bank — one who has derided the bank as “corporate welfare” — to run the institution, which has been operating under strict lending limits because of a partisan battle over its mission.
Trump, who as a candidate said they didn't think the bank needed to exist, named former New Jersey Rep. Scott Garrett, one of the biggest recipients of Wall Street donations among House members, to be the bank's chairperson and president. They tapped former Alabama Rep. Spencer Bachus for a seat on the bank's board of directors. Both positions require Senate confirmation.
Trump hinted at a shift in their position on Ex-Im during an interview on April 12. “Actually, it's a very good thing. And it actually makes money; it can make a lot of money,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal. “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.”
In 2015, Trump told Bloomberg that the bank's role amounted to “featherbedding” for some politicians and companies. The guarantees loan for international buyers of products from U.S. companies.
Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg is said to have helped change the president's view of the agency. Boeing is by far the largest beneficiary of the bank among exporters, to the tune of several billion dollars annually, followed by General Electric.
Small-government conservatives shut down the bank in 2015 by blocking its reauthorization. While the bank was revived, its five-member board has lacked a quorum, which restricted it from granting loans of more than $10 million. Former President Barack Obama's late-term nominees were blocked by Senate Republicans, including Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama.
In Garrett, Trump has chosen a critic of a government agency to run it, similar to their appointment of Scott Pruitt as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
“The Export-Import Bank's long legacy of crony capitalism has hurt the livelihoods and businesses of many Americans who don't get special treatment from this misguided government program,” Garrett said in a 2015 statement. Conservative groups, including Heritage Action and Americans for Prosperity, oppose the bank for similar reasons.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, a Maryland Democrat, urged senators to reject Garrett's nomination because of their past stance.
‘Act of Sabotage'
“In Scott Garrett, the president has nominated someone who helped lead the charge to shut down the Export-Import Bank in Congress against a super-majority that was in favor of keeping it open so it could continue creating and supporting American jobs and exports,” Hoyer said in a statement. “If former Representative Garrett is confirmed to lead the Bank, it would be the ultimate act of sabotage.”
Garrett, 57, failed to win re-election in 2016 after seven terms in Congress. They lost the backing of major Wall Street donors after a report that he'd told fellow Republican lawmakers they wouldn't give money to the party's congressional campaign arm because it supported openly gay candidates.
Bachus, a former chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee, has previously supported the Ex-Im bank, sponsoring a 2012 law that reauthorized the bank. Bachus retired from Congress in 2015.
Backers of the bank say that most of its lending supports small and medium-sized businesses.
In fiscal 2014, the bank's last full year of operation, it backed $27.5 billion in exports — somewhat less than 2% of the U.S. total. This financing supported 164,000 American jobs that year, according to the bank, and about 90% of the bank's deals helped small businesses.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has pushed for the bank's lending powers to be fully restored, saying that without it, jobs might be lost to competitors in China or Russia.
Bloomberg News
LOS ANGELES (AP) — There were cheers, gasps, droid photo opportunities, casino games and more than a few standing ovations at the jam-packed world premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” Saturday night in Los Angeles, which many are already praising online.
Rian Johnson, the writer and director of the eighth installment of the franchise, dedicated the night to the late Carrie Fisher, who died after filming had completed.
“She's up there flipping the bird and saying, ‘Don't bring this night down with solemn tributes,'” Johnson said on stage at the Shrine Auditorium.
It was in that spirit that Johnson excitedly introduced their cast, including Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley and Laura Dern. Hamill and composer John Williams, who Johnson called one of the “greatest living film composers” were among the few who got standing ovations.
“Let's watch a Star Wars movie!” Johnson exclaimed as the cast took their seats, the lights dimmed and the yellow Star Wars logo and iconic scrawl appeared on screen to signal the start of the film. The enthusiastic audience laughed and cheered throughout much of the two-and-a-half-hour film. One audience member even shrieked “What?!” at a key scene deep in the film.
The elaborate premiere featured a massive assault vehicle and a procession of Stormtroopers and droids that preceded the first showing of the film in advance of its Dec. 15 release. The mood was joyous and pregnant with anticipation for the highly anticipated and guarded film, which sees the return of Hamill's Luke Skywalker as well as Fisher's final performance.
Formal reviews won't be out for a few days, but journalists and others at the screening who shared their initial reactions online said “The Last Jedi” packed the adventure expected in a Star Wars film, but took it into new territory.
J.J. Abrams, who directed 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and will return to direct Episode IX told The Associated Press that the film was “great” and that “Rian killed it.”
“Logan” director James Mangold also praised the film's director, calling the movie “a great chapter of a blockbuster franchise,” that also had Johnson's “voice shining through.”
Producer Adam F. Goldberg wrote that the film made them feel like a kid again.
Entertainment Weekly's Anthony Breznican said the film “will shatter you and then make you feel whole again.”
Many who posted online about the premiere said they were still processing the film.
Attendees at Saturday's premiere were the first people outside the cast, filmmakers and top executives at Walt Disney Co. and Lucasfilm who had seen “The Last Jedi.” Director Edgar Wright, Patton Oswalt, Greta Gerwig, “Stranger Things” actor Gaten Matarazzo, and Constance Zimmer were among the attendees Saturday.
Wright, who makes a cameo appearance in the film as a rebel, added on Twitter that the film was, “Really great.”
At the after-party, which was modeled after Canto Bight, a casino-based city in the Star Wars galaxy seen in “The Last Jedi,” attendees could play blackjack, roulette and craps to win commemorative Star Wars pins.
Fans at the premiere were also treated to up-close looks at new characters, including an elite squad of guards clads in red armor as well as a collection of droids, including the droids C-3PO, R2-D2, and BB-8, who walked and rolled down the red carpet before the film's stars arrived.
“It's a Star Wars movie, and the energy tonight is pretty amazing,” said a beaming Andy Serkis, who plays the villain Supreme Leader Snoke.
Ridley, who plays Rey, arrived wearing a shimmering dress adorned with stars. Ridley was in good spirits, saying about their dress, “I mean, it's just fun. It's fun. And I feel fun. And it's got stars on it.”
Newcomer Kelly Marie Tran wore a bright red dress with a lengthy train behind it. John Boyega, who earlier in the day tweeted that they might miss the premiere because a snowstorm had snarled travel out of Atlanta, arrived sporting a dark blue tuxedo and turtleneck.
Secrecy about the film remained in place on the red carpet. Anthony Daniels, who plays C-3PO, told a reporter looking for details on the film, “I'm going to let you work out everything for yourself.”
“The Last Jedi,” which arrives in theaters on Dec. 15, is one of the year's biggest releases. Early box office projections are for the film to debut in the $200 million range for its first weekend.
___
Associated Press Writers Nicole Evatt and Ryan Pearson contributed to this report.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
CHICAGO--Automated reminder calls may be an effective tool to improve screening for diabetic eye disease among low-income minority patients, especially African Americans, a new study finds. The study results will be presented Monday at ENDO 2018, the Endocrine Society's 100th annual meeting in Chicago, Ill.
In adults with diabetes, vision loss due to the disease is common but is often preventable through regular eye exams that include visualization of the retina at the back of the eye.
"Retinal screening can detect signs of diabetic eye disease such as diabetic retinopathy before vision loss occurs and progresses to blindness," said the study's senior investigator, Eli Ipp, M.D., professor and head, Section of Diabetes and Metabolism, Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute (LA BioMed) at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, Calif. "Yet screening rates for diabetic retinopathy are low in low-income, minority patients."
In a 2016 survey of low-income patients, Ipp and others at LA BioMed found that African Americans reported past-year retinal screenings half as often as Latinos did, despite their physicians telling them screening was important.
Trying to improve diabetic retinopathy screening rates among poor minorities in this new study, Ipp and their research team tested the effect of telephone reminders given to 288 patients with diabetes: 200 Latinos and 88 African Americans. The patients were from a safety net clinic for uninsured and Medicaid (Medi-Cal) patients, which is part of the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services. The phone reminder encouraged patients to attend a previously scheduled appointment to get retinal photos taken as part of a diabetes retinal screening program.
Of the patients, 176 received a prerecorded automated phone call, or robocall, reminder, in both English and Spanish, and the other 112 patients did not. Those who did not get a robocall received usual care, consisting of a personal call from a clinic staff member, Ipp said. The researchers then tracked the "show rate," the percentage of patients who showed up at the clinic for screening.
Usual care resulted in a show rate of 46.3 percent, whereas 59.9 percent of patients who received robocalls came for retinal screening, a statistically significant difference, Ipp said. When the researchers looked at the show rate by ethnicity/racial group, they also found a difference. Among African Americans, the show rate with usual care was reportedly only 23.6 percent, compared with 51.6 percent--more than double--after a robocall. Among Latinos, a robocall increased the show rate more modestly, according to Ipp, from 55.8 percent with usual care to 61 percent.
"Robocalls, a relatively low-cost approach to reminder calls, may not only improve diabetic retinopathy screening rates in low-income minority patients with diabetes but also appears to correct the disparity in retinal screening observed among African Americans in this community," Ipp said.
They said it is unclear why robocalls improved the retinal screening rate better than usual care. The automated technique also has the advantage of being less expensive than staff time for calls.
The study received funding from the California Community Foundation in Los Angeles, Calif., and the Genentech Foundation in South San Francisco, Calif.
###
Endocrinologists are at the core of solving the most pressing health problems of our time, from diabetes and obesity to infertility, bone health, and hormone-related cancers. The Endocrine Society is the world's oldest and largest organization of scientists devoted to hormone research and physicians who care for people with hormone-related conditions.
Nicole and Amine Nayel have become the human faces of the court delay crisis.
The Barrhaven couple spent Monday in Ontario's court of appeal listening to prosecutors press their case for a new trial for the man accused of killing their son, Fouad Nayel.
It was the latest stop in a five-year legal odyssey that began with their son's sudden disappearance in June 2012, a desperate five-month search that took them from Ottawa to Petawawa and back, only to discover their son's body in the woods near Calabogie.
But the relief that came with the arrest and first-degree murder charges against former soldier Adam Picard in December 2012 was replaced with utter sorrow almost four years later. The case against Picard fell apart on the eve of their trial, the result of what a judge deemed a “culture of complacency” that runs though Canada's justice system when it came to the accused's rights to a timely trial.
“I looked at it, and this June, this Father's Day, it's going to be five years for us,” said Nicole. “And it feels like I am starting all over again. I haven't got the chance to grieve, to do any of that, because all that it is is court. They do something, and then start again from square one. I don't understand why. It doesn't make sense to me.”
On Wednesday, the senate committee on legal and constitutional affairs urged the federal government to amend the Criminal Code to allow for reduced sentences or the awarding of costs instead of a stay of proceedings for cases involving serious charges such as murder or the sexual assault of children that drag on too long.
It was among 50 recommendations made by the committee in an effort to speed up the country's courts and avoid more cases being thrown out, following the Supreme Court decision last July in R. v. Jordan that set time limits of 18 months in provincial court and 30 months in Superior court for criminal cases to be completed.
It is the grief, anxiety and pain suffered by families such as the Nayels that have shaken the public's confidence in the justice system, according to committee chair Bob Runciman.
Runciman said there is no reason the federal government can't improve its “snail-like” pace of appointing new Superior court judges by having them ready to appoint on the day of a known retirement.
The committee also recommended outdated methods of administering courthouses and scheduling matters before judges must be replaced with computerized systems that facilitate cooperation, permit increased information sharing and improve efficiency. And procedural matters could be moved from judges to other judicial officials like they do in the federal court, while preliminary inquiries could be restricted or eliminated altogether, they said.
The committee didn't know exactly how many cases had been stayed across the country, but there have been eight reported cases stayed in Ottawa between the time the Jordan decision was released and the end of April, according to Ontario's Ministry of the Attorney General. Across Ontario, there have been 76 stays granted. In total, 356 applications for stays have been filed, although 125 have been dismissed, the province said.
Runciman acknowledged the changes they proposed were dramatic and would require a new mindset for many. Most of the committee's recommendations were directed at the federal justice minister.
But Ottawa lawyer Michael Crystal said they believe remedies such as awarding costs for an accused who experienced unnecessary delay would be “terribly ineffective” because you “can't put a chill on the province's prosecutions and the way it conducts itself.”
“On a resource basis, it would be crippling,” Crystal said. Reducing sentences “is presuming someone will be found guilty. It doesn't deal with people who have their matters delayed and they are ultimately acquitted,” they said.
Crystal is representing James Cody, an alleged drug trafficker who had charges stayed after a five-year delay in bringing the case to trial before an appeal court reversed the decision. The Supreme Court is expected to deliver a ruling Friday in the Cody case that should clarify how delay should be assessed in the context of the Jordan decision.
Crystal said provincial justice ministers have already started “reshaping” how they do things to accommodate for the impact of Jordan and that the Supreme Court should be allowed to guide the law – and the remedy – when it comes to delay. In Ontario, that includes the appointment of 13 new judges, 36 new prosecutors, new court staff, bail reform and a triaging of criminal cases in danger of exceeding the Jordan time limits.
“It's going to take a little time but I think they are well on their way,” said Crystal.
Nicole Nayel said they didn't need a study to know that things were broken, since they saw it firsthand. And it shouldn't have taken the current crisis to know they needed to be fixed, they added.
“These solutions should have been dealt with years ago. We shouldn't have ended up in this situation,” they said.
Nayel believes the courts need to prioritize the most serious cases above all others. And technology needs to be improved to keep courts from grinding to a standstill whenever there is a problem.
The seemingly endless and unnecessary adjournments in some cases, which were touched upon in the Senate report, are “disgusting,” Nayel said.
“It costs them for everybody to show up in the courtroom and get sent home with nothing achieved,” they said. “You could never go to work and say at the last minute, ‘I'm sorry, I'm not ready, I'm leaving.'”
Victims are the ones who are punished, they said.
“I am sick and tired of hearing about delay. The way I look at it, on a murder charge, it doesn't matter, it shouldn't count the delay,” said Nayel.
aseymour@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/andrew_seymour
Students will be crunching more than just numbers later this month.
More than 54,000 ‘crunchers' are registered at more than 90 Halton Catholic and public board schools for The Great Big Crunch.
The event, co-ordinated by Healthy Kids Community Challenge and Halton Food For Thought, has pupils across the region biting into an apple at the same time in support of healthy eating.
In Burlington, 33 elementary and high schools representing approximately 16,800 students will participate.
SHARE COPY LINK Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has quickly gained national and international attention as America's Ambassador to the United Nations. Here are some highlights from their first year in international diplomacy. Ashlen Renner arenner@thestate.com
Former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley has quickly gained national and international attention as America's Ambassador to the United Nations. Here are some highlights from their first year in international diplomacy. Ashlen Renner arenner@thestate.com
Russian diplomats who have left the residence of the Consul General in Seattle on Tuesday are expected to arrive in Washington, DC on May 3, Senior Consul Halit Aisin told Sputnik.
SEATTLE (Sputnik) — Russian diplomats have closed the residence of the Consul General in Seattle and left the city on Tuesday in compliance with orders given by the US government last month.
The Russian flag continued to fly on the residence as 11 vehicles with diplomatic personnel, including two trucks, departed the building at 1:35 p.m. EST and headed to Washington, DC.
READ MORE: All Diplomats of Russian Consulate in Seattle to Leave City Tuesday Morning
The Russian diplomats are bringing with them all documentation from the residence of the Consulate General to the US capital.
When the Russian Consulate General closed before the April 1 midnight deadline set by the US government, all material objects and documents were transferred to the residence of the Consul General.
© Sputnik / Iliya Pitalev Moscow Slams US for Creating 'Visa Blockade', Warns of Likely Flight Suspensions
The US government had demanded that Russian diplomatic staff leave the residence before midnight on April 24.
From April 1 through Tuesday April 24, the residence served as headquarters for the diplomatic staff to prepare to evacuate and consolidate the building as well as to protect the interests of Russian citizens.
The diplomatic personnel took group pictures on the steps of the closed residence and said they all fell in love with the city of Seattle and its residents.
The diplomats waved Russian flags from the opened windows on their vehicles while the Russian march “Proschanie Slavyanki” was heard inside each vehicle.
Police are investigating after shots were apparently fired in Overbrook Thursday night.
Officers responding to 911 calls at about 10 p.m. found shell casings at the intersection of Presland Road and Whitton Crescent, in the middle of a residential neighbourhood.
However there was no evidence anyone was hurt.
Central district investigators are on the case.
HARBIN (China) (Sputnik) — The Russian Consulate General may be opened in the Chinese city of Harbin in 2018, but there are certain technical issues to be solved in order to do so, Russian Consul General in Shenyang Sergey Paltov told Sputnik Wednesday.
"The work on this matter is ongoing since 1993 when we signed the agreements with the Chinese side regarding the opening what was supposed back then to be a department of Shenyang Consulate General in Harbin. I know that there is a candidate for the post of consul general, the core of the staff is being chosen… Our ambassador to Beijing, Andrei Denisov, has spoken about this, the date was also mentioned — 2018. Nobody has canceled the date so far," Paltov said.
Paltov noted that there were still a number of issues unsolved. The most important one is the reconstruction of the old building where consulate was located before it was closed in 1962. The Russian side insists on opening the Consulate General in this building since Russian diplomats used to work there, Paltov explained.
"The Chinese side has been reconstructing the building of our old consulate since the end of 2013, they have been working actively on it in 2014. However, a number of issues, particularly the ones regarding technical matters, have not been approved by the Russian side. We estimated many drawbacks regarding eleven issues, the Chinese side agreed and is redoing it," Paltov said.
According to Paltov, before the building may be used by Russian diplomats it has to be checked and approved by specialists from the Russian Foreign Ministry. Pavlov noted that another obstacle to opening the consulate may be the lack of sinologists in the Russian Foreign Ministry.
The Russian Consulate General in Harbin has a long history. First, it was opened in 1907 in times of the Russian Empire. Chinese authorities closed it in 1920. In 1924, it was reopened in another building as the Consulate General of the Soviet Union, but closed again in 1962. From 1898 to mid-1960s, a large number of Russians, who had ties to China Eastern Railway, used to live in Harbin, which was a major junction city on the railway.
The facelifted-for-2018 Honda Jazz has been revealed ahead of ordering opening in November 2017. To make its public debut at the Frankfurt Motor Show next month, changes aren't just limited to a visual upgrade – Honda has introduced a new higher-powered gasoline engine option.
Honda Jazz: new vs old
Visually, the new Jazz receives an upgraded face that brings it in line with more recent Hondas such as the latest Civic hatchback. Called ‘Solid Wing Face', the grille has been revised and there's a new LED running light pattern in the headlights. Honda's also sharpened up the front and rear bumpers, and introduced a new color called Skyride Blue.
There's a new trim line too, called Sport. This brings a sportier look with gloss black 16-inch alloys, a front bumper aero splitter (a bit like that on the racy Honda Civic Type R), triple-strake rear diffuser and neat red pinstriping. It also gets front fog lamps, side skirts and a trunk lid spoiler, plus standard LED headlights.
Inside, the Jazz Sport has unique pinstripe seats, and orange stitching for the leather steering wheel and gearknob. This doesn't cost any of the Jazz's famed practicality though: the trunk is still a massive 354 liters with the seats up, the Magic Seat system is standard and you can still fit in loads up to almost 2.5 meters in length.
While the 100-hp 1.3-liter i-VTEC petrol engine is retained for all models,Sport models come with a larger 128 hp 1.5-liter petrol engine. Honda hasn't yet released performance figures, but it does confirm economy of 52.3 mpg and 124 g/km CO2 emissions. The US version of the Jazz, the Honda Fit, claims 0-60 mph in around 8.5 seconds, so we'd estimate under 9.0 seconds for the EU-standard 0-62 mph run.
Prices for the new Jazz will be confirmed nearer to ordering opening in November: deliveries are scheduled to begin in early 2018.
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
1:02 John Latina works with USC offensive linemen
1:18 Four dead in murder-suicide in Lexington County
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
BOOM Godolphin galloper Interlocuter has been installed a dominant favourite as they prepare for their first test at stakes level in the Group 2 $250,000 Villiers Stakes (1600m) at Royal Randwick on Saturday.
Interlocuter has been so impressive racing their way through the grades and completing a hat-trick of wins this campaign that TAB Fixed Odds price assessors have rated them the $3 favourite for Sydney's premier summer race.
Camera Icon Interlocuter has been imperious in their move through the grades. Picture: Getty Images
But Interlocuter has never contested a race at Group or Listed level before and must come back in distance for the Villiers after a last start win in the November Topaz at 1900m almost a month ago.
Trainer James Cummings has freshened Interlocuter with the Villiers in mind, giving the former French galloper a 1030m barrier trial at Rosehill last Friday where the five-year-old entire ran third to Arbeitsam.
“Interlocuter is in really good shape,'' Cummings said. “He came through that little trial last Friday well, it was the burnout they needed for the Villiers.
“He then had a beautiful piece of work (on Tuesday) morning and is in top order for the weekend.''
Interlocuter gets into the Villiers with 54.5kg and will be ridden by the in-form Tye Angland. Destiny's Kiss is the race topweight with 59kg ahead of Red Excitement on 58kg, then Testashadow and Hopfgarten on 57kg.
Cummings confirmed the Godolphin stable will have two runners in the Villiers with Federal ($17) also taking their place in the field.
Camera Icon Interlocuter will be ridden by the in-form Tye Angland. Picture: Getty Images
“I will run Federal and don't count them out,'' Cummings said. “He has improved again since their last run in the Festival Stakes (sixth to Testashadow) when they aren't that suited by the downpour of rain before the race.''
Cummings, who brought up their 100th winner since taking over as head trainer at Godolphin five months ago when Drachenfels won at Rosehill last Saturday, can continue their winning momentum as they hope to lead in another brace with Seine Net and Thrilled at Wyong on Wednesday.
Seine Net is the shortest favourite on the program at $1.35 for the Class 1 and Maiden Plate (2100m) while Thrilled is pressing for favouritism at $2.70 for the Maiden Plate (1350m).
“I think they are both well placed, they are not in the strongest races of all time,'' Cummings said.
“Seine Net won well two starts back and hasn't finished further back than third every race this preparation and they are a 2100m horse all over.
“Thrilled has been consistent without winning and just needs to get into their rhythm. If they can be measured and work into their sprint, and kept balanced around Wyong, then they are certainly going to be more than competitive in that field.''
BIG RACE BETTING
Group 2 $250,000 Villiers Stakes (1600m), Royal Randwick, Saturday
$3 Interlocuter
$6 Mister Sea Wolf
$9 Crack Me Up
$11 Cabeza De Vaca
$13 Dark Eyes, Embley, Hopfgarten, Red Excitement, Testashadow
$15 Raw Impulse
$17 and longer others
#Market supplied by TAB Fixed Odds
March 19 (UPI) -- In the first death involving a self-driving car, an Uber vehicle on automous mode struck a pedestrian in Tempe, Ariz., early Monday
There was a person behind the wheel, but the car was driving itself at the time of the collision, Tempe police said.
"The vehicle was traveling northbound just south of Curry Rd. when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when they were struck by the Uber vehicle," police said. "She was transported to a local area hospital where they passed away from their injuries."
As police investigate the crash, Uber suspended its self-driving tests on public roads across the United States and Canada. Uber had been testing the technology in other cities, including San Francisco, Toronto and Pittsburgh.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted Monday. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
This is the first known fatality from an autonomous vehicle, but there have been other collisions. An Uber self-driving car had another crash last year in Arizona with no serious injuries. A Uber self-driving car was also involved in a collision in Pittsburgh last week.
City of Longview:
East Texas leaders will be present at the public groundbreaking ceremony for construction on Longview's all-new medical complex, Judson Office Park, on Thursday, February 15.
Mayor Andy Mack will speak at the event, which is set for 3:30 p.m. Sen. Bryan Hughes, State Rep. Jay Dean and Gregg County Judge Bill Stoudt are also expected to attend.
The state-of-the-art facility will be the first of its kind in the city. Dr. Yasser Zeid, owner of Zeid Women's Health Center, is at the head of the venture.
"We saw a need in East Texas for a convenient site that encompasses all the health services that families in the area are seeking," Zeid said.
Judson Office Park will be located at 2301 Judson Road. The services offered will include obstetrics and gynecology, primary medical care, pediatrics, dental care, and behavioral health care for adults and children.
"The concept is for this to be a truly comprehensive healthcare destination for everyone," Wael Sobhy, CFO of Zeid Women's Health Center, said. "There are plans for a pharmacy and other ancillary medical offices to join us as well."
Dr. Zeid and their staff have been providing ob/gyn care to the women of East Texas for 20 years. Their mission has always been to provide excellent care without regard for social status or type of payment.
Zeid's collaboration with Special Health Resources for Texas (SHRT) helps them achieve this goal on a larger scale. SHRT is a Federally Qualified Health Clinic, offering East Texas residents access to affordable health care options, including medical, dental and behavioral health services.
"We're excited about the opportunity to offer a comprehensive array of services, unified at brand-new location," Kim Nesvig, CEO of SHRT, said. "This will make it easier for those we serve to access the care they need."
The new complex won't just affect the quality and convenience of health care in Longview. It is expected to have a positive economic impact on the area as well.
"In addition to the jobs created by the construction of the multi-million dollar site," Sobhy said, "we expect Judson Office Park to eventually generate an abundance of new jobs, ranging from physicians to medical support staff and administrative positions."
Construction of the primary site is scheduled for completion in spring of 2019. However, there are already tentative plans for four to five additional buildings in the works.
The public is invited to attend the groundbreaking ceremony. Light refreshments will be served.
× Mission Valley restaurant celebrates anniversary with free burgers
SAN DIEGO – A San Diego County hamburger chain is celebrating its 35th anniversary Monday by offering free hamburgers at its Mission Valley location.
Carlsbad-based Islands Restaurants said the burger giveaway is the company's way of thanking the San Diego community for three and a half decades of support.
The first 100 customers to go to the Islands Restaurant in Mission Valley will receive one free burger of their choice. The restaurant is located at 2441 Fenton Parkway and it opens at 11 a.m.
The chain is also commemorating the anniversary with a limited release of Island Golden Ale brewed by Karl Strauss Brewing Company. If you want a brew with your free burger, you will have to pay for it.
The MMIW as it's known, was announced by the Trudeau government in 2015 to examine the causes of violence against aboriginal women resulting in disproportionately high numbers of murders and persons listed as missing from aboriginal communities..
However, from the outset the inquiry has been plagued by delays, firings, resignations, and no small amount of criticism.
Now another high profile member of the commission has handed in their resignation.
“Speeding toward failure”
After joining the commission in April of last year, lawyer Breen Ouellette announced they had resigned as of June 21 this year due to what they described as government interference in the commission.
In a statement they blame the government for undermining the impartiality and independence of the inquiry adding that they could not remain with the inquiry process which they said was “speeding toward failure”.
The inquiry was originally given over $53 million dollars and a two-year mandate but had since requested a two-year extension and an additional $50 million in funding. Only, a six-month extension was granted.
The Commission which has seen about 25 members fired or resigned has been criticised at various times for lengthy delays, communications problems, and a lack of transparency among others.
A spokesperson for the inquiry noted in a statement about this most recent resignation that, “staffing does not remain constant, especially in an environment dealing with difficult subject matter where many staff members work extended hours”, adding that the commission remains committed to its goal and mandate.
Brief Timeline
Dec 8, 2015- Trudeau government announces the creation of an inquiry into the disproportionate number of missing and murdered aboriginal women and girls.
Aug 3, 2016- announcement of the five commissioners to lead inquiry
Sep 1 , 2016- commissioners begin work
Feb 4, 2017- communications director fired
May 15, 2017- open letter from indigenous leaders
May 30, 2017- first hearing announced, but also that no further hearings will occur until fall
Jul 6, 2017- firing of executive director, several other resignations in past months
Jul 11, 2017- one of the five commissioners resigns
Sep 25, 2017- hearings resume
Oct 7, 2017- after more firings and resignations, the commission legal counsel resigns
Nov 1. 2017- interim report, explaining slow progress, partially blames government
Dec 7, 2017- Assembly of First Nations calls for Marion Buller to resign
Jan 11, 2018-executive director resigns- staff turnover now above 20
In 2017, a group of indigenous leaders and family members posted an open letter to Chief Commissioner Marion Buller saying they felt the commission was in serious trouble and which read in part, “We are deeply concerned with the continued lack of communication that is causing anxiety, frustration, confusion, and disappointment in this long-awaited process. We request that you, as the leader of this Inquiry, substantially rework your approach in order to regain trust and ensure that families are no longer feeling re-traumatized in this process.”
Since 1980 the RCMP said there had been over 1200 missing or murdered aboriginal females noting a connection between family violence and homicide.
additional information-sources
OSLO, April 28 Norway's economic output has developed roughly in line with previous expectations, the central bank said on Friday in a survey of companies that may influence its interest rate decision on May 4.
"Information gathered in April indicates that developments in overall activity have been approximately in line with enterprises' expectations in February," the bank said following the survey of 72 companies.
"Expectations regarding output growth ahead have changed little since February," it added.
The phone survey is a smaller version of the bank's key sentiment gauge, the quarterly regional network survey. (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Gwladys Fouche)
Tucked away in the boondocks of southeast Texas hid the mecca of American women's gymnastics -- a training camp so revered and remote, years of abuse festered unabated, ex-gymnasts say.
But they're not just talking about molestation and the hands of Larry Nassar. They say Bela and Martha Karolyi, the famed owners of Karolyi Ranch, inflicted verbal and emotional abuse that fostered a culture of fear.
"There is an eerie feeling as soon as you step foot onto the Karolyi Ranch. It is completely removed from all civilization," former gymnast Mattie Larson said.
"In the case of an emergency, the closest hospital is so far away, you'd need to be helicoptered there. To get to the ranch, you must drive up a dirt road for what seems like an eternity. ... On top of that, there is no cell service. It's completely isolated, and that's no mistake. That is how the Karolyis wanted it."
For decades, top female gymnasts endured the rigors of Karolyi Ranch -- a sprawling 2,000-acre compound set in a national forest. It was the US Women's National Team Training Center and a US Olympic Training Site, where important opinions on gymnasts' fate took shape under the watchful eye of Martha Karolyi.
"The complete detachment from the outside world, on top of careless and neglectful adults, made the ranch the perfect environment for abusers and molesters to thrive," Larson said.
Several elite gymnasts have said they were molested by Nassar when they were the team doctor at Karolyi Ranch. And a lawsuit claims the Karolyis struck young children there.
Larson posed an open question to Martha Karolyi: "Martha: Did you keep Larry around because they were a good doctor? Or did you really keep them around because they let us compete when we were injured and was willing to keep your secrets?"
Neither Martha nor Bela Karolyi has spoken publicly about the Nassar abuse scandal. The couple have not responded to multiple CNN requests for comment, nor have their attorneys.
This week, Gov. Greg Abbott requested an investigation by the Texas Rangers, saying the "recent, shocking allegations of sexual assault of athletes at the Karolyi Ranch in Walker County are deeply disturbing."
The Walker County Sheriff's Office is already investigating the local ranch, but Abbott requested a state-level investigation as well.
"Considering that criminal action has been implicated across multiple jurisdictions and states, it is essential that the Texas Rangers work with the Walker County Sheriff's Office to comprehensively investigate all potential criminal conduct," the governor said.
"The public statements made by athletes who previously trained at the Karolyi Ranch are gut-wrenching. Those athletes, as well as all Texans, deserve to know that no stone is left unturned to ensure that the allegations are thoroughly vetted and the perpetrators and enablers of any such misconduct are brought to justice."
Suddenly shuttered
The Karolyis are now defendants in a civil lawsuit, which claims they "turned a blind-eye to the perpetrator Nassar's sexual abuse of children at the Ranch."
The plaintiff, identified as Jane LM Doe, said the Karolyis engaged in their own abusive behavior -- such as "striking minor child gymnasts, scratching minor child gymnasts until they bled, encouraging parents of the minor child gymnasts to hit their children," and "requiring gymnasts to train while they were ill."
The suit also claims the Karolyis "allowed Nassar to have unfettered and secluded access to minor children" -- a violation of USA Gymnastics policy.
"Karolyi defendants provided no supervision of the perpetrator Nassar, in exchange for their silence and willful blindness to their regime of fear, intimidation, and physical and emotion abuse of minor child gymnasts," the lawsuit states.
The Karolyis have not filed legal responses to those specific allegations. Their attorneys have not responded to CNN's requests for response to the lawsuit.
While that case is still open, the gymnastics mecca has suddenly closed.
Shortly after Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison, a Karolyi website announced the closure of the famed training camp.
"After nearly four decades of spiriting young gymnasts towards greatness in sport, our yearly tradition of the Karolyi's Gymnastics Camp has come to an end," a statement on the website read. "Bela, Martha, and the rest of the camp staff wish to sincerely thank all participants, USA Gymnastics, and everyone who has been a part of our extended family for 35 years of unforgettable memories."
Reigning Olympic all-around champion Simone Biles is one of the many medalists who say Nassar sexually abused them at Karolyi Ranch.
Earlier this month, Biles said the idea of returning to Karolyi Ranch to train for the 2020 Olympics would be terrifying.
"It is impossibly difficult to relive these experiences and it breaks my heart even more to think that as I work towards my dream of competing in Tokyo 2020, I will have to continually return to the same training facility where I was abused," Biles said in a statement.
Three days after Biles' statement, USA Gymnastics said Karolyi Ranch will "no longer serve as the USA Gymnastics National Team Training Center." USAG said the location of the next national team training center has yet to be determined.
'A real mystique and magic'
At first glance, Karolyi Ranch -- about 70 miles north of Houston -- looked like a typical camp for children and teens. Outside of the elite gymnasiums, young athletes lived in cabins surrounded by woodlands. A 2008 video showed goats, horses and other animals trotting throughout the property.
"There's a real mystique and a magic about being here. And the name 'Karolyi' definitely lends a lot to that," Steve Penny, then-president of USA Gymnastics, said in the video.
The Karolyis, who defected from Romania to the US in 1981, are both former head coaches of US Olympic teams. They've trained gold medalists such as Nadia Comaneci, Mary Lou Retton and Kerri Strug.
"I think having it be the national training center for the women, and having their (Bela's) name and Martha's name attached to it, gives it prestige and gives it worldwide acclaim," Penny said in 2008.
"And so when you invite countries from around the world ... to come to the United States National Team Training Center that happens to be the home of the legendary coach, you know, the combination of that is extremely powerful."
Before they left for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Shawn Johnson spoke about the honor of training at the ranch.
"It's so great to like to know everything that's gone on here and to know that you're really training where some of the greatest legends in history trained," Johnson said at the time.
Ten years later, Johnson said they are disgusted by the rampant sexual abuse reported by many of their fellow gymnasts at Nassar's sentencing.
"I think the fact that any of this has ever happened shows that USA Gymnastics has failed as a governing body to protect the athletes that it supports and claims to care about," Johnson said in a video statement last week.
"I think gymnastics is the best sport in the entire world, but if I had a daughter right now, I wouldn't put them in it."
Gymnast caused their own head injury to avoid ranch
Nassar's child molestation wasn't the only abuse reported from Karolyi Ranch.
The Karolyis were fabled, untouchable legends. After Bela retired, their wife Martha became the new women's national team coordinator. And since they took the reins in 2001, Team USA has earned two Olympic team gold medals and has produced every Olympic all-around champion since 2004.
But all that glory came with a price -- verbal, emotional and physical abuse at Karolyi Ranch, former gymnasts say.
"Years and years and years of trying to speak up and it's falling upon deaf ears has gotten us to this place, and also empowering the most emotionally abusive coaches in our lifetime," said Dominique Moceanu, a member of the 1996 Olympic gold medal team.
"They're the ones who started this culture -- and I refer to the Karolyis."
Larson, the 2010 US champion on floor exercise, said the abuse at Karolyi Ranch was so bad that they self-inflicted a head injury to avoid going to the ranch.
"One time, I was so desperate not to go, I thought faking an injury bad enough was the only way out," Larson said during Nassar's sentencing hearing.
"I was taking a bath when I decided to push the bathmat aside, splash water on the tiles, get on the floor, and bang the back of my head against the tub hard enough to get a bump, so it seemed like I slipped."
Them parents rushed them to a hospital, fearing a concussion. "I was willing to physically hurt myself to get out of the abuse that I received at the ranch," Larson said.
When Larson returned to Karolyi Ranch for the next training camp, "Martha Karolyi approached me and said, 'You know what? (1991 world champion) Kim Zmeskal fell out of the top bunk of the cabins here, and they didn't miss practice the next day.' They did not say another word," Larson said.
Larson eventually quit elite gymnastics, left the Karolyi Ranch for good and entered the gymnastics program at UCLA. They became one of a long series of gymnasts who came to UCLA "with the same stories of verbal and emotional abuse," famed UCLA head coach Valorie Kondos Field said.
"We have now seen behind the curtain and understand the Karolyis aren't wizards, they're enablers," they said. "Their power is gone, but the work isn't done."
Life after Karolyi Ranch
The closure of the ranch is just part of the massive fallout from the Nassar case.
USA Gymnastics, which boasts 174,000 athletes and professionals, announced dozens of changes as reports of Nassar's abuse kept growing. They include a new abuse prevention training plan and "serious consequences for failure to report abuse," up to expulsion from USAG.
As for which facility will replace the Karolyi Ranch, "USA Gymnastics is exploring alternative sites to host training activities and camps until a permanent location is determined," USAG said in a statement.
Valeri Liukin, who succeeded Martha Karolyi as US team coordinator, has offered one of their two Texas gyms as a temporary location for the national team to train, their daughter and 2008 Olympic all-around champion Nastia Liukin said.
Larson said they are pushing for legislation to require Olympic governing bodies to immediately report sex abuse allegations to law enforcement. They said simply closing the Karolyi Ranch won't solve the entire problem.
"It's not only about switching to a better location," Larson said. "We must ensure that legal steps are made to prevent anything of this nature and magnitude from happening again."
Beijing hopes that all countries interested in settling the North Korean nuclear issue would carefully examine the joint Russian-Chinese proposal on the issue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry's spokesperson, Hua Chunying, said Monday.
BEIJING (Sputnik) — During Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Moscow earlier this summer, the Russian and Chinese foreign ministries issued a joint statement proposing ways to de-escalate the situation. Moscow and Beijing called on Pyongyang to stop nuclear tests and urged Washington and Seoul to refrain from conducting joint drills.
"At the moment, China hopes that all the sides will seriously consider and accept China and Russia's proposals on the settlement. They are based on 'double freeze' initiative and pursue the appropriate solution of Korean Peninsula's issue," Hua said.
© AP Photo/ Ng Han Guan, File China Shows Readiness to 'Punish Anyone Who Will Escalate Tensions on Korean Peninsula'
According to the spokesperson, the Chinese government calls on the all involved sides to focus their efforts on resuming the negotiation process and searching for political ways to solve the crisis on the Korean Peninsula.
However, when asked whether China would remain neutral if North Korea hit the waters of Guam, the diplomat refused to comment on this "hypothetical question," emphasizing Beijing's hope for a gradual normalization of the situation.
"The Chinese side will not answer such hypothetical questions. We hope that the situation will gradually change toward reduction in tensions," Hua said.
On Friday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Moscow opposes North Korea's possession of nuclear weapons, adding that Russia and China had "a whole range of proposals aimed at preventing the deepest conflict, a crisis with a huge number of human losses."
Russia and China called those parties involved for conducting a dialogue amid the recent escalation of tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
The tensions around North Korea have been high over the recent months and they have escalated further after the tightening of economic sanctions against North Korea by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) on Saturday in response to July's launches of ballistic missiles by Pyongyang.
The move prompted harsh criticism from Pyongyang which subsequently vowed to use any means possible to retaliate against the United States after the UNSC approved the new US-drafted sanctions. Trump in turn, warned, that North Korea's possible actions would be met with "fire and fury" from the United States. Following the statement, Pyongyang said it is considering an attack near the Pacific island of Guam where several US military bases were located.
AURORA, Colo. (April 24, 2018) - A new study of treatment options for military veterans with chronic pain has determined that care practices at Veterans Health Administration (VHA) facilities vary widely and could contribute to a veteran's likelihood of using opioids.
A recently published article in the Journal of General Internal Medicine surveyed care provided to 1.1 million veterans at 176 VHA medical centers between 2010 and 2015. At some centers, as many as one-third of the veterans seeking care for chronic pain began long-term opioid therapy, compared with only 5 percent at other centers.
"We found that there were not consistent practices between VHA facilities," said senior author Joseph Frank, MD, MPH. "While there is a consensus that multiple approaches to care are important, there is a wide variation in availability of those options at some centers."
Frank, who is an assistant professor of medicine at the CU School of Medicine and an investigator for the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System's Center of Innovation for Veteran-Centered and Value Driven Care, and their fellow investigators reviewed 10 pain-related treatment options, including physical and occupational therapy, and non-opioid pain-relief medications.
They found that when a facility had a wider range of treatment options to provide, veterans were less likely to begin long-term opioid therapy. They also found that sites that offered more non-opioid medications ultimately had higher rates opioid use by veterans.
The results of the study are important because of efforts to reduce the use of opioids due to the rising numbers of addiction and overdoses of the drugs. In 2017, the U.S. Departments of Veterans Affairs and Defense issued guidelines on opioid therapy for chronic pain that strongly recommend non-pharmacologic treatments and non-opioid medications.
"This study is a first step in understanding the institutional cultures that may contribute to the use of opioids to treat chronic pain," said Frank. "We need to continue our work to understand better ways to provide non-opioid treatments across diverse, real-world clinical settings. We'll need the help of healthcare leaders and investments by healthcare systems to gather evidence on non-medication treatments. We'll measure success in quality of life and in prevention of opioid-related harms."
###
The study was supported by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Quality Enhancement Research Initiative. In addition to Frank, other authors of the article are Evan Carey, MS, and Charlotte Nolan, MPA, of the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System; Robert Kerns, PhD, of the VA Connecticut Health Care System and Yale University; and P. Michael Ho, PhD, of the University of Colorado School of Medicine and the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System.
About the University of Colorado School of Medicine
Faculty at the University of Colorado School of Medicine work to advance science and improve care. These faculty members include physicians, educators and scientists at UCHealth's University of Colorado Hospital, Children's Hospital Colorado, Denver Health, National Jewish Health, and the Denver Veterans Affairs Medical Center. The school is located on the Anschutz Medical Campus, one of four campuses in the University of Colorado system. To learn more about the medical school's care, education, research and community engagement, visit its web site.
The trio fell into a pool at the provincial park Tuesday afternoon
Squamish RMCP say they have found the bodies of three hikers who fell into a pool in Shannon Falls Provincial Park Tuesday afternoon.
“We're changing the operation into a recovery mission,” said Cpl. Sascha Banks.
“We have located the area that they're in and we're just trying to find a safe way to get them out.”
Search crews had been searching through the night for the trio of hikers. Police say they were swimming with a group of friends at the top of Squamish Falls when the slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below.
Banks said that police are not releasing the names of the hikers because they haven't been able to contact their next-of-kin.
“When that time comes, that will be a decision for the B.C. Coroners Service,” Banks said.
The area remains closed to the public.
Related: Wrong turn leaves B.C. man stranded in provincial park for almost two days
Related: Teen hiker dies near Bunzten Lake in Coquitlam
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
© REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The controversy surrounding Flynn began when someone leaked information that they were speaking to Russian officials and urging them not to overreact to the sanctions placed on them by the Obama administration — implying that the Trump administration may have a different position on Russia than their predecessor.
"[Trump] is clearly upset about this, they understand the threat it poses to our national security and he's going to make sure they continue to make sure that that stops," Spicer told reporters regarding the issue of leaks.
On Monday night, Flynn announced their decision to leave the post amid a growing controversy surrounding leaked information about their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before Trump's inauguration.
"All of this information was leaked…We have an issue where classified information of which this would be, is handled in such a way that it is being given out," Spicer added.
The White House press secretary said the amount of leaks coming out of people who are "entrusted" with US national security secrets are a "real concern for this president."
CTV Atlantic
RCMP says an 89-year-old man has died after they were hit by a pick-up truck in Stewiacke, N.S.
Officers were called to the scene around 6:15 p.m. Friday.
According to RCMP, the man was crossing Main Street at Riverside Avenue in a marked crosswalk, when they were struck by the vehicle.
The man was taken to hospital in Truro then later to the QEII Health Sciences Centre in Halifax to be treated for serious injuries.
Officers say the man died Saturday morning.
RCMP says it was snowing at the time of the collision and roads were covered in snow.
The investigation is ongoing.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Linkin Park have been working on new music and they plan to release a new single this week. Last year, Mike Shinoda said they were hoping to do something different with this album. Chester Bennington says the songs they have produced are amazing and is looking forward to the fans hearing what the band has been working on. Elsewhere, Linkin Park recently launched a new app to help fundraise for their disaster relief charity Music for Relief. Fans can opt to add monthly donations to their phone bill and then track how their donation is helping through the app. Linkin Park founded the charity in 2004 after the Indian Ocean tsunami. It has raised more than $9 million since then.
(LOUDWIRE/BLABBERMOUTH)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The list of candidates considered for the next Honolulu police chief have been narrowed down to seven, the Honolulu Police Commission announced on Thursday.
The list of candidates considered for the next Honolulu police chief have been narrowed down to seven, the Honolulu Police Commission announced on Thursday.
Hawaii News Now has obtained the rankings of the top seven finalists to be Honolulu's next police chief.
Hawaii News Now has obtained the rankings of the top seven finalists to be Honolulu's next police chief.
How each of the HPD Chief finalists were ranked after their assessments
How each of the HPD Chief finalists were ranked after their assessments
Police commissioners are meeting Wednesday afternoon to take public testimony on the seven finalists they are considering to become the next Honolulu Police Chief.
Police commissioners are meeting Wednesday afternoon to take public testimony on the seven finalists they are considering to become the next Honolulu Police Chief.
Acting Police Chief Cary Okimoto will retire at the end of the month, they announced in an email to officers and HPD employees Friday.
That's likely well before a permanent chief will be able to take over.
"It has been a privilege to have worked alongside the courageous officers and dedicated civilians who are the backbone of the department," Okimoto said. "Over the span of my career, I have witnessed the endless sacrifices that you have made to ensure our community's safety and the deep commitment each of you have to serving the people of Hawaii."
Okimoto added that HPD is all about "doing the right thing for the right reason."
"I have strived to do this throughout my career, and I ask all of you to do the same."
Okimoto took over as acting chief in December, after former Police Chief Louis Kealoha went on leave as a federal public corruption probe involving them and their wife heated up. They stayed on in the position after Kealoha stepped down.
On their first day heading up HPD, Okimoto sought to reassure the public — and move forward.
"Today is not a good day," they said at the time. "But I think this is the first big step in letting everyone know that we are moving on. I want to assure the rank-and-file to go out there and continue to do the great job that they do. They put their lives on the line everyday. Our job is to make sure that we keep morale up."
The search for a new police chief continues, and Honolulu's new top cop is set to be announced at the end of October.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
SM Adult Heavyweight Cotton/Poly Hoodie SKU: 170102-50767-1
Part No: BLE104
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. Hoodie
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult 100% Cotton Long Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Crewneck Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Tank Top SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Regular Fit Polo SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton/polyester
50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backside
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 18/1 Tank Top SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank Top
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Hooded Sweatshirt SKU: 170102-50767
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Sweatshirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50767-1Part No: BLE104Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester75% Cotton/ 25% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Heavyweight 9oz. HoodieCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 18/1 Long Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Crewneck SweatshirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton/polyester50% Cotton/50% Polyester High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Polo with printing on backsideCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Tank TopCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50767Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable SweatshirtCondition: New
Product Types: Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This apparel design features an iconic image of Bruce Lee from the cover of their famous book The Tao of Jeet Kune Do, along with their imprinted signature.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | Polo Shirts | Pullovers | T-Shirts - Long Sleeve | Tank Tops | Trev
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:52 Phil Kornblut: The message Muschamp must sell on recruiting trail
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Our world seems to grow smaller by the day as biodiversity rapidly dwindles, but Mother Earth still has a surprise or two up their sleeve. An international team of researchers is the first to investigate a never before studied species -- a giant, black, mud dwelling, worm-like animal. The odd animal doesn't seem to eat much, instead it gets its energy from a form of sulfur. The findings, led by scientists at the University of Utah, Northeastern University, University of the Philippines, Sultan Kudarat State University and Drexel University, will be published online in the Apr. 17 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
From Monster Myth to Reality
People have known about the existence of the creature for centuries. The three- to five-foot long, tusk-like shells that encase the animal were first documented in the 18th century. "The shells are fairly common," begins lead investigator Daniel Distel, Ph.D., a research professor and director of the Ocean Genome Legacy Center at Northeastern University, "But we have never had access to the animal living inside."
The animal's preferred habitat was unclear, but the research team benefitted from a bit of serendipity when one of their collaborators shared a documentary that aired on Philippine television. The video showed the bizarre creatures planted, like carrots, in the mud of a shallow lagoon. Following this lead, the scientists set up an expedition and found live specimens of Kuphus polythalamia.
With a live giant shipworm finally in hand, the research team huddled around Distel as they carefully washed the sticky mud caked to the outside of the giant shipworm shell and tapped off the outer cap, revealing the creature living inside.
"I was awestruck when I first saw the sheer immensity of this bizarre animal," says Marvin Altamia, researcher at the marine sciences institute, University of the Philippines. "Being present for the first encounter of an animal like this is the closest I will ever get to being a 19th century naturalist," says the study's senior author Margo Haygood, a research professor in medicinal chemistry at the University of Utah College of Pharmacy.
Because the animal had never been studied rigorously, little was known about its life history, habitat, or biology. "We suspected the giant shipworm was radically different from other wood-eating shipworms," says Haygood. "Finding the animal confirmed that." Altamia continues, "Frankly, I was nervous. If we made a mistake, we could lose the opportunity to discover the secrets of this very rare specimen." The scientists were then faced with an interesting dilemma explain why Kuphus is so unusual.
Stinky Mud Makes Good Eats
The answer may lie in the remote habitat in which it was found, a lagoon laden with rotting wood.
The normal shipworm burrows deep into the wood of trees that have washed into the ocean, munching on and digesting the wood with the help of bacteria. Unlike its shipworm cousins, Kuphus lives in the mud. It also turns to bacteria to obtain nourishment, but in a different way.
Kuphus lives in a pretty stinky place. The organic-rich mud around its habitat emits hydrogen sulfide, a gas derived from sulfur, which has a distinct rotten egg odor. This environment may be noxious for you and me, but it is a feast for the giant shipworm.
And yet Kuphus themselves don't eat, or if they do, they eat very little. Instead, they rely on beneficial bacteria that live in their gills that make food for them. Like tiny chefs, these bacteria use the hydrogen sulfide as energy to produce organic carbon that feeds the shipworm. This process is similar to the way green plants use the sun's energy to convert carbon dioxide in the air into simple carbon compounds during photosynthesis. As a result, many of Kuphus's internal digestive organs have shrunk from lack of use.
The Origin Story
The giant shipworm's lifestyle lends support to a hypothesis proposed by Distel almost two decades ago. Acquiring a different type of beneficial bacteria could explain how shipworms transition from a wood-eating organism to one that uses a noxious gas in mud to survive.
The research team will continue to examine the role wood plays in the unique transition between the normal shipworm and the giant shipworm. "We are also interested to see if similar transitions can be found for other animals that live in unique habitats around the world," said Distel.
The discovery of this flagship creature expands on our understanding of biodiversity in the Indo-Pacific region, which was made possible through collaborative nature of this interdisciplinary, international research group.
###
This work is an important component of research grants provided by the International Cooperative Biodiversity Groups program. The program helps researchers conduct projects in developing countries to identify unique, novel compounds for future drug development, while building research capacity and conserving biodiversity in the host country.
Distel and Haygood collaborated with colleagues from University of Utah, Drexel University, Second Genome in San Francisco, Ecole Normale Superieure, France and the University of the Philippines, the Sultan Kudarat State University and the Philippine Genome Center in the Philippines.
The research was funded by National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation and U.S Department of Energy, Joint Genome Institute.
Amazon Prime Day has just been announced and included in the deals is an attractive offer for Kindle owners.
Amazon's Kindle Unlimited service - also lovingly known as "the Spotify of books" - is currently available with three months free. That means that if you own a Kindle you can enjoy unlimited access to over one million books through the Kindle Unlimited service. With summer holidays coming up, there's every chance you'll be reading for free.
When the three months is up, the service resumes at £7.99 a month, but since you can cancel at any time, it's a perfect to test out the service and get some free reading in.
This deal is only for new Kindle Unlimited customers and you'll have to redeem the offer by the end of July 2018 to quality for the free period. If you don't own a Kindle, then now might be a great time to buy - there are deals on refurbished Kindles available, but we suspect that Amazon will be discounting its Kindles when Prime Day starts properly on 16 July.
An Edmond woman drove away from the News 9 parking lot in a brand new 2017 Ford Edge after they won the Best Summer Ever giveaway.
DeAnna Mitchell and six others were recently named finalists in the summer-long contest and came to News 9 for their final chance to win the new vehicle from Oklahoma Ford Dealers.
The Best Summer Ever contest took place between June 5 to Aug. 4 when News 9 This Morning and News 9 viewers were given a cue to text a keyword. Viewers could also enter by completing a form at their local Ford dealer, completing a form online or submitting a photo. Winners were selected by random number generator.
The seven finalists each chose a number out of a fish bowl that corresponded with a gift bag on table and once they drew a number, they stood behind the gift bag. Then, they opened their bags at the same time and one bag held the winning license plate.
The other finalists, Mark Poulter of Moore, Jane Todd of Tuttle, Debbie Waggoner of Oklahoma City, Carri Roegiers of Edmond, Lee Bixler of Edmond, and Leigha McCain of Oklahoma City, all received consolation prizes of $1,000 gift certificates from Oklahoma Ford Dealers.
Almost four in five UK nurseries ban children and infants from playing with toy weapons over fears it will encourage violence, a survey has found.
Critics slammed the politically correct teachers for banning superhero role play and games like ‘cops and robbers' and ‘baddies and goodies', effectively making active and exciting play harder.
Some experts point out there is little evidence children who play with guns are more violent as adults, and target shooting as an adult has long been considered one of the safest sports in the world, enjoying an impeccable safety record and a heavy emphasis on personal responsibility for the safety of the self and others.
The poll found a massive 79 percent of schools questioned said toy weapons, including swords and plastic guns, were not allowed on their premises, while 21 percent said they were allowed.
One in 20 has also banned superhero costumes, the survey of 1,125 nursery owners, managers, and staff in February and March found.
The poll comes a month after pictures of Prince George playing with a toy gun, knife, and handcuffs prompted a politically correct backlash, with some feminists and leftists complaining online.
Carla Coward, a former nursery teacher in Kent and now a parent governor at a primary school in Devon, called it an “absolute absurdity”.
They told DayNurseries that: “It's astonishing that staff can be so frightened of young children's play. A general consensus among early years is that playing weapon and superhero play can encourage violence as children grow up.
“My answer to that is does this mean allowing young children to play with dolls is going to increase the rate of teenage pregnancy? Of course not!”
David Wright, the owner of Paint Pots Nurseries in Southampton, said that, in their view, “there is a tendency to project adult attitudes and our reactions to tragic events portrayed in the media regarding guns in general and violence enacted with them, onto the imaginative play of children which is separate from world events”.
They added: “There is nothing intrinsically evil about children engaging in imaginative superhero play, goodies and baddies and even gun and weapon play. I certainly did as a child and I did not grow up to be a violent adult. There is no proven causality.
“Indeed I would argue that repressive control borne out of paranoia can be detrimental to children's development.”
The International Olympic Committee has not yet identified reasons for barring six Russian athletes from the upcoming Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, which complicates the situation around the athletes' case consideration in a Swiss court, a source familiar with the situation told Sputnik on Saturday.
"To date, consideration of the case by the Swiss court has been suspended because the IOC, which had banned the six Russian athletes from competing in the games, has not yet explained to the Russian side grounds the decision [on barring the Russian athletes] had been based on," the source said.
Earlier on in the day the Insidethegames news portal reported citing the IOC that the Swiss Civil Courts rejected appeals by six Russian athletes over the IOC decision not to include them in the list of invitations for the Olympic Athletes from Russia for the games, starting the next week.
According to Insidethegames, the group of athletes, who have filed an appeal with the Swiss Civil Courts after the IOC barred them from participation in the games, includes leading speed skaters Pavel Kulizhnikov and Denis Yuskov, biathletes Irina Starykh and Alexander Loginov, short-track speed skater Tatyana Borodulina and ski jumper Dmitri Vasiliev.
All the asupervisorstioned athletes had been proved to breach doping violations, but their disqualifying had expired, the media outlet noted.
The Winter Olympics in South Korea will start on Friday and last through February 25.
In December, the IOC suspended the Russian Olympic Committee over alleged state-sponsored doping scheme in the country. The allegations have been denied by the Russian authorities. The IOC also prohibited the Russian athletes to compete under the national flag in the upcoming 2018 Winter Olympics, saying that only "clean" athletes, to whom special invitations are extended by the IOC, may participate in the contest under a neutral flag.
On Thursday, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) fully overturned the IOC ban for 28 Russian athletes, and partially upheld the appeals against the ban from 11 others.
Stamford officials support push for public to carry Narcan
STAMFORD — As the clock rapidly ticks before the next opioid overdose victim becomes another fatality statistic, the U.S. Surgeon General issued a rare advisory last week: More Americans should carry naloxone.
“Each day we lose 115 Americans to opioid overdoses — that's one person every 12.5 minutes,” Dr. Jerome M. Adams said. “It is time to make sure more Americans have access to this life-saving medication because 77 percent of opioid overdoses occur outside a medical setting and more than half occur at home.”
Commonly sold under the brand name Narcan, naloxone reverses the effects of an opioid overdose. The drug is already carried by many first responders, including Stamford fire, EMS and police.
“We make sure that all of our first responders — police, fire, EMS — carry Narcan,” said Ted Jankowski, Stamford's director of public safety, health and welfare. “I think everybody is in agreement with (the surgeon general). We're in the business of saving lives and, from my perspective, having more Narcan out there is a positive thing.”
The quicker, the better
Within the city limits, Stamford EMS Assistant Chief Edward Browne said the average response time for an ambulance is five and a half minutes from when 911 is called.
In cases of opioid overdoses, Browne said the faster intervention is administered, the better the outcome for the patient.
“What happens in the case of an opioid overdose is that it suppresses respiratory function,” they said. “So, an overdosing patient basically stops breathing, which means they're not getting oxygen to their brain. So, time is crucial in a case like that.”
Browne said the general accepted threshold of time a brain can survive without oxygen is about eight minutes. After that, the patient can suffer permanent damage.
When a person is found overdosing, Browne said every minute is crucial because “you don't know how long that person has been down.”
“If that person was down for 10 minutes before they were found, and it takes another five minutes for the ambulance to get there, that person's brain has gone without oxygen for 15 minutes,” they said. “So, having Narcan on hand, in the home, and being able to administer it, can make a huge difference for that patient's chances.”
Peace of mind
Dr. John Douglas, service chief of the Outpatient Addiction Programs at Silver Hill Hospital in New Canaan, considers Narcan to be an essential tool in battling the opioid crisis.
“We commonly recommend patients keep (Narcan) in their home and commonly recommend that their families and friends have it available as well,” they said.
In many cases, opioid addiction is difficult to overcome, they said, and relapse is likely even with treatment.
“The relapse rates for opioid addiction are extremely high, and having Narcan available is something that is a good idea and can definitely help save lives,” they said.
For those trying to kick the habit without help, Johnson said, the relapse rate “is about 100 percent.” They said the rate is reduced to about 80 percent for those “who complete a residential program but do not take a maintenance medication.” For those who complete treatment and take a maintenance medication, the rates are much lower, they said.
Additionally, Johnson said opioid relapses are “unforgiving and often result in death.”
Though making Narcan more available may not be a long-term solution in battling the opioid crisis, Johnson said “it's a step in the right direction.”
“I encourage anyone who is addicted to opioids or anyone who has a loved one who is addicted to opioids to have Narcan available,” they said. “It is an important tool that can be used to decrease the rate of people dying from opioid overdoses.”
Miracle drug or
safety net?
Some opponents, however, believe making Narcan widely available enables addicts to continue abusing opioids without seeking help.
Stamford Police Capt. Richard Conklin said some addicts view Narcan as a safety net.
“We're seeing some opioid users who use Narcan as a crutch, or a safety net,” they said. “They're not worried about overdosing because they think Narcan will save them. Occasionally, when we talk to addicts, and we're telling them what they're doing is going to kill them, they're response is ‘no they'll just give me the ‘can and I'll be fine.'”
“The ‘can” Conklin said is a slang term addicts use when referring to Narcan.
“You just realize that's a kind of delusional thinking,” they said. “It would really be much more prudent to get help and try to overcome the addiction, but they are so entrenched, they can't see that.”
But Conklin said they are not opposed to any tool that can help first responders save more lives.
“Narcan is a miracle drug, and it's saving a lot of lives,” they said. “Should civilians carry Narcan? Yeah. If they have loved ones who are struggling with an opioid addiction, it would probably be prudent for them to have Narcan on hand.”
A solution,
but not a panacea
Though Narcan plays an important role in addressing the opioid problem, Conklin said it will take a community effort to make a significant impact.
“There is no one solution for this,” they said. “It's not like we're going to arrest our way out of this and it's not like every user is suddenly going to go to rehab. It's a multi-pronged problem and we have to attack it on many fronts.”
Narcan can help reduce overdose deaths, but Ingrid Gillespie, executive director of local nonprofit Communities 4 Action, agreed combatting the epidemic will take a multi-front effort.
“To combat this crisis is going to require efforts from law enforcement and first responders, as well as the education, mental health and medical communities,” they said.
kat.russell@hearstmediact.com
The road to the Calder Cup for the Toronto Marlies is going deep in the heart of Texas.
With a 2-1 overtime home win Monday night, the Texas Stars eliminated the Rockford IceHogs in six games to win the AHL's Western Conference and face Eastern champion Toronto in the final. The best of seven, a 2-3-2 format, begins Saturday and Sunday in Toronto at Ricoh Coliseum, both 4 p.m. starts.
Texas is the farm team of the Dallas Stars and play outside Austin in suburban Cedar Park. The clubs did not play each other in 2017-18.
“I don't know if there's a way to make (no prior meetings) an advantage,” Toronto coach Sheldon Keefe said before Monday's result. “I think it's all equal … they haven't seen us either.
“Up until a couple of days ago, I don't know that I could have named more than one or two players on either (Texas or Rockford's) roster. My time in this league, I've generally thought of the Western Conference as a different league. You almost don't pay much attention to it.
“We're going to have to get to know them real quick.”
We're ready to mess with Texas.
The #CalderCup Finals are set with the #Marlies facing the Stars starting this Saturday.
See the full schedule ➡️ https://t.co/hFyrxQusEH#MarliesLive pic.twitter.com/hgvqa0ITlm — Toronto Marlies (@TorontoMarlies) May 29, 2018
The Marlies had Leaf pro scouts Troy Bodie and Jim Roque shadowing the Western series. Most of the youngest Dallas prospects play forward, Denis Gurianov, a first rounder in 2014, and two second rounders, Monday's OT hero Roope Hintz and Remie Elie. The big and seasoned defence has many NHL draftees, but few drafted by the Stars. They include Andrew Bodnarchuk (Boston), Reece Scarlett (New Jersey) and Dillon Heatherington (Columbus). The goalie is 35-year-old Mike McKenna.
The Stars' coach will be familiar to some Leaf fans, Derek Laxdal playing 51 games for Toronto in the 1980s before a successful stint coaching in the ECHL and WHL, where they won championships, including the 2014 Memorial Cup with the Edmonton Oil Kings.
The Marlies will have been off a week before Game 1. A Toronto farm team has not won the Calder since 1981-82 when it shared a team in Moncton, N.B. with the Chicago Blackhawks.
Here is the full Cup schedule, all times Eastern:
Sat. June 2, Texas at Toronto, 4 p.m.
Sun. June 3, Texas at Toronto, 4 p.m.
Tues. June 5, Toronto at Texas, 8 p.m.
Thurs. June 7, Toronto at Texas, 8 p.m.
*Sat. June 9, Toronto at Texas, 8 p.m.
*Tues. June 12, Texas at Toronto, 7 p.m.
*Thurs. June 14, Texas at Toronto, 7 p.m.
*(if necessary)
lhornby@postmedia.com
Special counsel Robert Mueller, overseeing the Department of Justice Russia investigation, is looking into whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials tell the Washington Post.
Former FBI Director James Comey testified last week that the president was not personally under investigation at the time of their firing on May 9. "Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing," the Post reports.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers and Rogers' former deputy Richard Ledgett agreed to be interviewed as part of Mueller's investigation, according to five people "briefed on the requests" who were "not authorized to discuss the matter publicly," the paper reports.
Mueller spokesperson Peter Carr tells NPR's Carrie Johnson, "We'll decline to comment."
NSA spokesperson Vanee Vines told NPR's Phil Ewing, "NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further."
A spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer in the Russia matter Marc Kasowitz said, "The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal."
In their testimony on June 8, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that they believed Trump had fired them over their role as lead of the FBI investigation into Russian interference in the U.S. election and Trump campaign associates' possible ties to Russia. The White House has been inconsistent with its public messaging about the dismissal — initially saying Trump took the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Comey's management of the FBI, but then the president themselves said they had made up their mind prior to receiving the recommendations from the two top lawyers at the Department of Justice.
Comey testified that initial explanations that they were fired because of poor leadership were "lies, plain and simple." They also said Trump had privately urged them to pull back on the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The Washington Post previously reported that Trump also asked Rogers and Coats to push back against the FBI's investigation. The intelligence chiefs declined to discuss their private conversations with Trump during a Senate panel hearing on June 7.
Asked whether Trump's actions rose to the level of obstruction of justice, Comey testified last week: "I don't know. That's Bob Mueller's job to sort that out." But Comey did lay out facts that a prosecutor could use to try to prove obstruction, as NPR's Domenico Montanaro noted.
Trump and their supporters cast Comey's testimony that they had told the president they were not personally under investigation as vindication. Trump disputed, though, Comey's assertion they had asked for a pledge of loyalty. After Comey's much watched Senate testimony, the president said in a press conference that they would testify under oath regarding their interactions and conversations with the former FBI director.
Chatter surfaced earlier this week that the president was considering firing Mueller. After a day of speculation, White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said, "While the president has the right to, they have no intention to do so." The New York Times reported that Trump had been waved off the idea by advisers.
Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller on May 17, testified on Tuesday that they would not fire the special counsel without "good cause."
Mueller's investigative team has expanded in recent weeks. The National Law Journal reported on June 9 that Mueller has brought Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben onto the team on a part-time basis. Reporter Tony Mauro noted Dreeben's part-time status may signal that "Mueller may be seeking advice on complex areas of criminal law, including what constitutes obstruction of justice." At the end of May, the chief of the Justice Department's Fraud Section, Andrew Weissman, also joined the team, NPR's Carrie Johnson reported at the time.
The Jeep logo is seen on the wheel of a Jeep Grand Cherokee on the showroom at the Massey-Yardley Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep and Ram automobile dealership in Plantation, Florida October 8, 2013. REUTERS/Joe Skipper/File Photo
Russian standards agency Rosstandart said on Tuesday that FCA Rus, a Russian unit of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, had informed it of a recall of 1,159 Jeep Grand Cherokee and Liberty automobiles due to possible technical problems.
Cars sold between May 2003 and April 2005 might be subject to the recall, the agency said.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Two French military helicopters belonging to an army flight training school crashed in the southeastern Var region on Friday, causing deaths, the local prefecture said.
Slideshow (4 Images)
A security source and an official from the local authority said five people were killed in the accident.
There were no immediate details on what caused the crash.
Parliament will soon adopt the Labour Laws Amendment Bill. This will enable the implementation of the Unemployment Insurance Amendment Act.
This act will significantly increase access to the Unemployment Insurance Fund for hundreds of thousands of retrenched and dismissed workers. It will benefit thousands of mothers going on maternity leave or who were previously denied maternity leave due to a still-born birth or third trimester miscarriage.
Cosatu's only regret was that it took five long years for the government and Parliament to pass this very progressive and badly needed law and intervention in the economy. If this critical act had been adopted earlier it could have helped thousands of mines, retail, farm, banking and other workers who have painfully lost their jobs over the past few years.
It would have helped thousands of families in their time of need. Cosatu has been a key supporter of the amended act and helped champion and negotiate its way through Nedlac and Parliament, including the many delays it encountered. Key progressive aspects in it that will benefit thousands of retrenched workers, mothers and their dependents include:
Unemployment cover:
The act will increase UIF benefits from 238 to 365 days, in other from 8 to 12 months.
It will include public servants under the UIF and thus be covered in the event of dismissal. It will significantly expand workers' access to the UIF by reducing the credit cycle workers need to build to claim UIF. Reduced and short timeworkers will be included who went from full-time to part-time work due to their companies' financial distress will be covered at their previous full time income levels if retrenched or dismissed or on maternity leave.
Maternity leave:
The act will not exclude workers from UIF and maternity leave benefits if they are members of the Government Employees Pension Fund. Maternity leave benefits will be separate from UIF benefits, eg a woman who was on maternity leave last year will be entitled to UIF benefits this year if they lose their job. This will remove unfair discrimination against women simply for being mothers. Women, who had miscarriages in their third trimester or still-born births, will be entitled to maternity leave to allow them time and space to heal physically and emotionally. Domestic workers will be targeted to ensure that they receive maternity leave benefits.
Maternity leave benefits will be increased from 54percent to 66percent of salaries within the salary limit caps.
Protection of vulnerable workers:
The act will prohibit the charging of fees by any party to a UIF claimant.
It will allow the Minister of Labour to issue regulations for domestic workers and employees of small businesses and enterprises to ensure that they are covered.
Dependents:
If a worker receiving UIF or maternity leave payments passes away, their or their beneficiaries (eg family dependents) will be entitled to the remainder of their UIF or maternity leave payments.
Beneficiaries include spouses or life partners or dependent children. They will now have 18 months to claim their benefits.
We cannot continue to have a R150billion UIF surplus whilst we have a rising 35percent unemployment level. The expansion of access to UIF benefits and cover will help funnel billions of UIF funds into the pockets of those unemployed workers and mothers on maternity when they need it most. This will help them to care for and feed their families.
It will enable them to buy food, electricity, water, transport, etc. It will be money spent in the local economy. It will thus help spur local economic growth and to protect and create badly needed local retail and manufacturing jobs. The increased expansion of access to the UIF has been costed and calculated. It has been set at levels that will protect the sustainability of the UIF and ensure that it will continue to protect workers needing its assistance.
It is important to remember that the UIF is a workers' tax. It is their insurance funded by deductions from their wages. It must be used to protect workers from unemployment and to help mothers and their new-born children. It must not be kept from workers behind a web of bureaucracy.
It does not make any economic sense to leave billions of rands of UIF funds locked up when 35percent of workers are unemployed and we are burdened by 1percent jobless growth. The UIF must be a tool to help the unemployed and grow the economy.
The Department of Labour and the Unemployment Insurance Fund need to urgently increase the deployment of staff to their offices to ensure that UIF claimants are dealt with quickly and professionally. The days of endless queues at UIF offices need to come to a rapid end.
Once implemented, these new benefits will literally put billions of rands into workers' pockets and help protect thousands of workers during their time of need and help grow the economy through this massive cash injection.
After the new changes have come into effect, and the UIF has had time to assess their full financial impact, the government has agreed to Cosatu's demand that a further round of engagements will take place between the government and Cosatu at Nedlac on how to further expand access for workers to the UIF.
Areas for further engagement at Nedlac between the government and Cosatu as well as Fedusa, Nactu and business will be on how to expand access to the UIF include how to ensure cover for: informal sector workers; self employed workers; workers who resign from their work (eg due to family relocation, the need to care for sick family members, victimisation etc. This impacts heavily upon women in particular); and long-term unemployed workers.
This is another milestone in parliamentary victories for workers.
Matthew Parks is Cosatu's Parliamentary Co-ordinator.
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
- BUSINESS REPORT
WASHINGTON, D.C., March 19, 2018 -- Japanese researchers have optimized the design of laboratory-grown, synthetic diamonds. This brings the new technology one step closer to enhancing biosensing applications, such as magnetic brain imaging. The advantages of this layered, sandwichlike, diamond structure are described in a recent issue of Applied Physics Letters, from AIP Publishing.
Chemical processes are used to create large sheets of diamonds for industrial applications. Artificial diamonds can be grown on various surfaces to increase the hardness and reduce the wear of tools, or to take advantage of diamond's high thermal conductivity as a heat sink for electronics. Scientists can manipulate the properties of artificial diamonds by altering their chemical composition. This chemical manipulation is called doping. These "doped" diamonds are proving to be a cheap alternative material for a range of technologies -- from quantum information to biosensing -- that would otherwise have been prohibitively expensive to develop.
Diamonds designed with nitrogen-vacancy (NV) centers that can detect changes in magnetic fields are a powerful tool for biosensing technologies and used in the medical detection and diagnosis of disease. For instance, magnetoencephalography (MEG) is a neuroimaging technique used to map brain activity and trace pathological abnormalities, such as epileptic tissue.
"MEG is commercially available and used in some hospitals but is very expensive so not many MEGs are used," said Norikazu Mizuochi, an author on the paper. Mizuochi explained that using diamonds with NV centers would reduce the equipment costs of MEG diagnoses.
However, these biosensing technologies require light activation, which induces charge switching in NV centers. Neutral NV centers are not able to accurately detect magnetic fields, so the introduction of switching remains a challenge for diamond utilization. "Only the minus [negative] charge can be used for such sensing applications, therefore stabilizing [NV] centers is important for operation," Mizuochi said.
The researchers had previously doped a simple diamond structure with phosphorus to stabilize the NV centers. Phosphorus doping pushed over 90 percent of NV centers to the negative charge state, enabling magnetic field detection. However, the phosphorus introduced noise to the readout, negating the positive result.
In this study, the team adapted the diamond design to preserve the stabilization of negative NV centers, but removed the phosphorus-induced noise. They used a layered structure, like a sandwich, with phosphorus doped diamond as the bread, and enclosed a 10μm thick NV-center diamond filling. This stabilized 70-80 percent of NV centers in the negative charge state, while reducing the noise previously seen in the system.
"At the moment, we have just demonstrated stabilization, but we expect it to also improve sensitivity," Mizuochi said. Their team is currently testing the sensitivity of the new design to changes in magnetic fields, and hoping that this structure could be used for biosensing applications such as MEG.
###
The article, "Engineering of Fermi level by nin diamond junction for control of charge states of NV centers," is authored by Takuya Murai, Toshiharu Makino, Hiromitsu Kato, Maki Shimizu, Takuya Murooka, Ernst D. Herbschleb, Yuki Doi, Hiroki Morishita, Masanori Fujiwara, Mutsuko Hatano, Satoshi Yamasaki and Norikazu Mizuochi. The article appeared in Applied Physics Letters March 13, 2018 (DOI: 10.1063/1.5010956) and can be accessed at http://aip. scitation. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1063/ 1. 5010956 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
SHANGHAI/HONG KONG Chinese property developer Country Garden (2007.HK) said on Thursday a small number of apartment buyers at its $100 billion Malaysia project want to cancel their purchases, after Beijing's recent moves to tighten capital controls on overseas property investments.
China's third-largest builder said in a statement it has received cancellation requests from fewer than 60 buyers. It said the buyers would be charged a penalty of 10 percent to 30 percent of deposits if they canceled the purchase or defaulted on payments.
Chinese buyers of overseas homes are in a quandary as Beijing imposed curbs on funds moving out of the country after the yuan plummeted to more than eight-year lows in December. That has squeezed their ability to pay property installments in foreign currencies, forcing some homebuyers to forfeit their overseas purchases.
Developers are also being hurt. Country Garden has halted selling the development - a mixed-use project called Forest City in Iskandar - inside China and said that it no longer will accept Chinese yuan as payment for the project.
And after selling over 15,000 residential units last year, the developer has said it now aims to have more diversified revenue from the project through sales and rental of offices, shopping malls, a hotel and a golf course.
On Thursday, the developer said in a statement it has ceased all travel-related support services for mainland Chinese traveling to Forest City.
Visits by Reuters to sales offices in Shanghai, including those of Country Garden and state-backed Greenland Holdings (600606.SS), showed the developers have more broadly stopped actively selling overseas projects to customers, instead referring potential buyers to travel agencies or to visit their own local offices overseas.
"We don't do much marketing for overseas projects anymore, and we're very careful with our advertisements; we don't encourage consumers (to buy them)," said a sales person at the Greenland overseas showroom for projects in Australia, Britain, the United States, South Korea and Malaysia.
Overseas projects account for around 3 percent of Greenland's sales, so the overall impact of capital controls on its revenues is limited, but it's creating uncertainty over their longer-term business plans, industry executives said.
A source from a subsidiary of Greenland who saw a 2017 work plan said the group has no plans for new property projects overseas this year.
A second source said the group will focus on building existing developments this year and shift its marketing focus away from China to regions such as the Middle East and Japan. The developer entered new markets including Tokyo and San Francisco last year.
Greenland was not immediately available for comment.
On cancellations, the property firms face other headaches. Country Garden's stance on penalties for cancellations has led to the formation of at least two online groups consisting of around 80 buyers in total, who are demanding refunds without paying penalties.
(Reporting by Shanghai newsroom and Clare Jim in Hong Kong; Additional reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai, Raffaele Huang in Hong Kong and Aradhana Aravindan in Singapore; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Registered Dietician Alexandra Caspero made a return visit to the Virginia This Morning kitchen and shared another delicious vegetarian recipe with us, Spinach Lasagna Rolls with a Kale Caesar Salad. For more info you can visit http://www.delishknowledge.com
Minnesota, once a national leader in school choice and the first state to have charter schools, may be ready to jump back into the reform movement.
“Proposals are advancing in the state House and Senate to make tax credits available to parents for private-school tuition and to individuals and corporations who donate to foundations to offer K-12 scholarships to kids,” the Minneapolis Star-Tribune reports.
Read more here.
WILDWOOD, N.J. – Video footage from a camera attached to the uniform of a city police officer involved in the violent arrest of a beachgoer over the Memorial Day weekend reveals what happened in the moments leading up to the confrontation.
File photo of the boardwalk in Wildwood.
Associated Press
The incident Saturday previously made international headlines when smartphone video surfaced showing an officer punching a 20-year-old woman in the head twice during their arrest.
On Wednesday, the Wildwood Police Department released three body-cam video recordings from the arrest with the faces blurred out of those who on the beach who were not involved.
One video shows an officer being forcibly struck in the torso by the woman.
The videos chronicle the interaction between the officers and Emily Weinman of Philadelphia as police questioned them about whether they had consumed alcohol on the beach — subjecting the underage woman to a Breathalyzer test.
“During the initial encounter, the officer can be heard stating that they were just going to have Ms. (Emily) Weinman pour the alcohol out, without issuing any violations and then they terminate the recording,” said Police Chief Robert Regalbuto said in a prepared statement that accompanied the video.
Background: Video shows cop punching woman during beach arrest
The second video is from the officer re-activating their body-worn-camera. During this video, the officer makes a determination to place Weinman under arrest, and upon attempting to do so, is forcibly struck in the torso – about the same location where the body-worn camera is mounted, causing the camera to shut off.
In the third video, the officer is involved in a physical confrontation with Weinman and the camera is re-activated during the struggle, recording the remainder of the encounter.
“This matter is still under investigation, however, in an effort to ensure transparency with the public we serve, it was imperative that this video be released as soon as feasibly possible,” Regalbuto said in the statement. “Upon the conclusion of the investigation in the coming days, and only after final review by the Cape May County Prosecutors Office, the Wildwood Police Department will release the findings and outcome of the investigation.”
911 call: 'Other than their mouth, there's not any weapons' — Police called on 5 black women at Pa. golf club
All of the officers involved in the arrest are Class II Special Law Enforcement Officers – police officers who are traditionally hired for the summer months in Shore towns – and are usually young men and woman who are thinking of or intend to pursue full-time careers in law enforcement.
The officers were identified as Thomas Cannon, John Hillman and Robert Jordan.
The officers involved have been reassigned to administrative duties.
Follow Erik Larsen on Twitter: @Erik_Larsen
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Woody and Buzz Lightyear brought big crowds on Saturday, the official opening date for Disney World's newest land.
Toy Story Land, inspired by the characters from the Pixar films, gives you the chance to become “honorary toys” and hang out Woody and Buzz.
Some guests waited nearly five hours on Saturday to ride the land's main attraction, Slinky Dog Dash. The family-friendly ride holds 18 guests and travels through “Andy's backyard.”
The 11-acre land, first announced in August 2015, includes two other attractions: Alien Swirling Saucers and Toy Story Mania.
Woody's Lunch Box serves up soda floats and sandwiches to all of the “honorary toys” in Andy's backyard.
On Friday, Disney celebrated the new land during a dedication event. Tim Allen, the voice of Buzz Lightyear, participated in the opening ceremony.
“The Toy Story films and characters hold a special place in our guests' hearts, as we've seen with the continued popularity of Toy Story Mania! and nearby character greetings with Buzz Lightyear and Woody,” said Phil Holmes, Vice President, Disney's Hollywood Studios. “Toy Story Land gives our guests a chance to become part of the story in a whole new way. From welcoming our guests to the new land to bringing fun to every moment of their visits, our Cast Members are ready to make Toy Story Land a place where families create cherished memories.”
Toy Story Land is part of a multi-year project at Disney's Hollywood Studios that includes multiple new attractions and the highly anticipated Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge, slated to open in late 2019.
Also on Friday, Disney announced a new Lightning McQueen show coming to Disney's Hollywood Studios in 2019. Disney says Lightning McQueen's Racing Academy “will welcome guests to the world of Cars and bring them face to face with racing legend Lightning McQueen.”
Slinky Dog Dash: At a Glance
“Jumping on the coolest canine toy ever, guests are in for a rollicking good time as Disney's Hollywood Studios unleashes Slinky Dog Dash in the new Toy Story Land at the Walt Disney World Resort. This multi-launch, family-friendly roller coaster careens around bends and “catches air” over camelback humps as it runs across the 11-acre land.”
Type of attraction: Family-friendly roller coaster, first at Disney Parks with a second mid-ride launch
Track type: Steel
Number of passengers per train: 18
Height restrictions: 38 inches
FastPass+: Yes
Alien Swirling Saucers: At a Glance
“Three-eyed Toy Story Aliens take guests on a whirling flying saucer ride in toy rocket ships as part of Alien Swirling Saucers, one of the new attractions inside Toy Story Land, opening June 30 at Disney's Hollywood Studios.”
Type of attraction: Swirl-and-whirl ride
A Disney first: Three-eyed green Alien pilots
Number of passengers per seat: 2 to 3 honorary toys
Number of saucer/rocket ships: 22 (11 in each of two playset areas)
Height restriction: 32 inches
FastPass+: Yes
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A driver has died after a collision between two tractor trailers resulted in a fire on Highway 401 between Deseronto Road and Highway 49 Wednesday morning.
Emergency services were called to the crash at approximately 6:40 a.m. Fire crews were still on scene fighting the fire that had engulfed one of the tractors in the westbound lanes as of 10 a.m.
The Ontario Provincial Police closed the westbound lanes at Deseronto Road.
The OPP say the lanes “will remain closed for an extended period of time” as their collision reconstructionist investigate the scene.
They add that updates will be provided as they become available.
CISTERCIAN COLLEGE ROSCREA set up a Leinster Schools Senior Cup clash against St Mary's thanks to their 22 – 19 wins over Wesley College in Clontarf this afternoon.
Liam Crowley's second half try added to James Corcoran's score and the kicking of Billy Foley pushed the Tipperary school to a 22 – 12 lead entering the closing stages of the contest before Wesley closed the gap late on.
The draw for the second round took place in Old Wesley clubhouse immediately after St Mary's enthralling win over St Andrew's in Donnybrook, the Rathmines school last out of the hat and pitted against Roscrea.
Cormac Izuchukwu with James McElroy of Wesley. Source: Laszlo Geczo/INPHO
The second round fixtures will take place from 17 February and will also see defending champions Belvedere take on Newbridge College, Blackrock College face St Gerard's while the big guns of St Michael's and Clongowes Wood will also contest for a right to enter the semi-final stage.
Leinster Schools Senior Cup second round draw
Blackrock College v St Gerard's
St Michael's v Clongowes Wood
Belvedere College v Newbridge College
CC Roscrea v St Mary's College
BELGRADE (Sputnik) - The parliament of the self-proclaimed Republic of Kosovo adopted a resolution on Wednesday canceling border control with Albania and roaming charges with this country, media reported.
The resolution, proposed by the Parliamentary Group of the Social-Democratic Party (PSD), was favored by 69 votes out of 120-seat parliament, according to Gazeta Express.
In October 2017, Kosovo's leader Hashim Thaci held a meeting with Albanian President Ilir Meta in Pristina and urged them to provide Albanian citizenship to all Kosovars, however, this issue has remained open.
© Sputnik / Ruslan Krivobok Kosovo Albanians Voting For Serbia With Their Passports
In April 2017, Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama made a statement that Albania and the self-proclaimed republic of Kosovo , also inhabited by Albanians, could reach a "union." Shortly afterward, Thaci said that if Brussels "closed [the] door on Kosovo," all Albanians in the region would unite into one state.
The Kosovo War between the ethnically Albanian Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) and the forces of Yugoslavia, consisting of Serbia and Montenegro in 1998-1999, ended after the UN-backed international intervention following NATO's bombing of Yugoslavia's troops.
In 2008, Kosovar Albanian groups in Pristina unilaterally proclaimed independence from Serbia, and over 100 UN member states officially recognized Kosovo. However, Serbia, alongside Russia, China, Israel and several other countries, does not recognize Kosovo's independence.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Fireworks to mark the Fourth of July holiday explode as fans sit on the outfield grass of Coors Field after a baseball game Tuesday in Denver.
David Zalubowski, AP Images
Fireworks, food and family: Get the most out of the Fourth of July
Happy birthday, America! Looking to show your love for the red, white and blue? Here's what you need to know to make the most out of your holiday week:
Heat, humidity and perhaps rain on these parades
Across the nation, high temperatures, humid air and thunderstorms are anticipated, possibility putting an end to outdoor Fourth of July festivities and fireworks for some. For northern states such as Minnesota, the upper Midwest and western portions of Wisconsin, severe thunderstorms are a high possibility — and will be accompanied with large hail and damaging winds. From the Rockies to the East Coast, temperatures in the 90s are predicted, with highs of 100 degrees in the Desert Southwest. While temperatures along the West Coast and into the Northwest will range from the 60s to 80s, humidity is expected to remain in form control of the Plains all the way to the East.
Summer's heat starts to sizzle A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07 A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07
Or just stay inside to watch these shows and movies
July Fourth is big for America. And for Hollywood. Once you get your fill of sparklers and corn on the cob, here's our movie viewing guide for every mood you might find yourself in. And here's what you can binge-watch from home, whether you are a war-movie buff or you're looking for some fireworks.
Rescuers start to teach boys trapped in Thai cave to dive
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand. The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday. But risky conditions, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Stars headline action-packed Wimbledon round
Wimbledon rolls on Wednesday at the England Club with several marquee names in action. The women's draw sees both Williams sisters in action as No. 9 seed Venus Williams takes on Alexandra Dulgheru (8 a.m. ET) while No. 25 seed Serena Williams faces Viktoriya Tomova (12:30 p.m. ET). Fellow American Madison Keys, in the No. 10 spot, leads off by taking on Luksika Kumkhum at 6:30 a.m. ET. The big highlight on the men's side is, who else, No. 1 Roger Federer. The defending champion takes on Lukas Lacko at 10 a.m. ET.
Top shots from the 2018 Wimbledon Championships Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws their racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21 Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws their racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Earlier this month Lennie and Elizabeth Applequist opened #LOCAL: A Gallery with a Twist on Cottage Street in Easthampton, happily joining the eclectic array of shops, galleries, restaurants, and watering holes that make Easthampton center special.
In 2013 the Applequists, a decidedly cosmopolitan couple most recently from California (by way of the rest of the globe), settled in Elizabeth's beloved hometown of Easthampton. They had left in 1982 and a lot had changed.
“When I came back, Lennie and I became involved in the community,” Elizabeth Applequist remembers. I was so amazed! It seemed to be such a drastic change from when I had left. I could clearly see that one of the things that had had the most impact on the town … was the growing art community.”
Indeed, Easthampton had become a vibrant arts friendly community nestled at the foot of the venerable Mount Tom. The town had become a city, and over the years it had gradually moved out of shadow of its big sister Northampton. It had also developed its own unique funky vibe, which attracted artists and artisan businesses.
The same year the Applequists arrived, the city capitalized on this organic cultural transformation and applied for cultural district designation with the Mass Cultural Council (MCC), and in July 2013 the Cottage Street Cultural District (CSCD) was established in Easthampton.
The MCC, a Boston based state funded council, describes a cultural district as an area of a city or town with a concentration of cultural facilities and public amenities like museums and galleries. Moreover, “cultural districts shall attract artists and cultural enterprises to a community … preserve and reuse historic buildings … and foster local cultural development.”
Although Easthampton City Arts (ECA) had been capably leading the charge for establishing more artist spaces in the city for nearly a decade, a cultural district designation by the state was a real coup for the city's art and culture community. Cultural designation allowed the city access to a range of grant programs and services, as well as a means to increase tourism through marketing.
In 2015 the Applequists opened Cider House Media, a successful full service website design and management boutique, and the couple were busily embracing life and the arts in Easthampton.
Art had always been something Lennie and Elizabeth loved, and they wanted to be a part of the action; the Cottage Street Cultural District was another way the arts were becoming an integral part of the city.
One of the few limitations of the cultural district designation, however, is its geographic boundaries; an area's walkability is essential for it to earn a cultural district designation. So the CSCD's boundaries begin and end at Cottage Street. If a business falls outside of the district, it cannot be a member. Cider House Media is located at 28 Northampton Street and is a full 20 minute walk from outside of the CSCD.
That didn't stop the Applequists from taking part in the arts community, however.
“Our office has been a venue for Art Walk,” Elizabeth Applequist explains. “Art Walk was a chance for … Cider House to play our small part in bringing art to our local community ….” they say.
The Applequists created the Cider House Gallery which rotated shows monthly and held the artist's reception during the night of ECA's Art Walk which is the second Saturday of every month.
That, however, wasn't enough for these avid art lovers. Elizabeth Appelquist says, “we thought it would be really cool to have a gallery on Cottage Street because it's in the cultural arts district.”
And through a couple of serendipitous events, the gallery was established. “Our landlord kind of casually asked us if we had any ideas for this space at 40 Cottage Street. We were like…'yeah!'” they say. “Within 24 hours we had a name; I was out walking my dog and I just thought Hashtag LOCAL!”
The Applequists had a clear vision for their gallery, and they've managed to create a gorgeous exhibition space that's well worth the visit. Tucked in toward the end of Cottage Street, #LOCAL is peculiarly polite and urbane, a wonderful respite in a small town whose agrarian roots are still noticeable parts of its communal fabric.
#LOCAL Gallery is a breath of fresh air; the energy of the space is bright and positive and the remarkably comfortable, but then Elizabeth Applequist, who sometimes minds the shop, is affable, bright, and positive.
It's evident that they and Lennie (a California native who worked as an assistant director and crew on scores of Hollywood films) have fallen in love with the town and are proud to serve it and to be a part of it.
“We wanted to do a contemporary fine arts gallery,” they say “we'll host monthly curated theme shows.” Everybody has their own impression of what they're looking at,” Applequist says, “but there's an underlying theme, and I think that's the most amazing thing about art.”
Those themes allow for collaboration among artists. The show includes photographer Marty Klein's series of beautiful photographs that celebrate the “upcycle of life.” The series includes an image of a mushroom which becomes an element of decaying or spalted wood.
Beneath the images is a small collection of Spencer Peterman wooden bowls made of spalted wood which reflects the Applequists photographs. Spencer Peterman, located in Gill, designs high-end wooden bowls and accessories and calls this line of products “upcycling,”as well. It's that kind of connectedness the Applequists enjoy. Finding commonalities among people and things seems to be a part of their core mission.
As for the artist selection, Applequist says, “We only use artists local to Massachusetts, but the first time I put a call out and nobody responded.” So they went out and sought artists for the space. “I just knew what styles I wanted.”
The inaugural show is titled New Beginnings — apropos since the gallery just opened on May 12. “I thought of spring and babies. I just found artists and there was this amazing synergy and everything just fell into place.”
The opening reception coincided with Easthampton's Art Walk. And in keeping with their gallery's name, they used local businesses to provide the reception's accoutrements. “ We used the Botaniste for our flowers, and Corsello Butcheria for food. We'll continue to use local restaurants for catering.”
The couple is also interested in providing the viewer a full sensory experience while at #LOCAL. They've installed special lighting that mimics the colors of the sky from morning to evening. Each phase creates a natural and calming ambiance.
As for sound, “we've created really cool playlists,” Elizabeth Applequist says. “We had a musician named Randy Collins for the opening night reception who played the kind of music that just really touches you and really moves you.”
The walls of the gallery are mobile, so no show will ever look the same. June's exhibit, Easthampton, will have a completely different configuration. The Applequists love the idea of keeping people in suspense. “What's going to be next — that's what we really wanted, a mystique. We want them wondering ‘what do they have up their sleeves next,'” they say. “That's why we're a gallery with a twist.”
They also want to make the space a culturally dynamic hub. “We really want to activate the space during the month. Later in the year, I'm planning on having a seminar with Amy Wolff who is the queen of color. There's a local musician who offered a documentary that he's made, we'll show that … and painting classes. We want to create a multimedia gallery experience.”
The possibilities are endless,” Elizabeth Applequist says. “I keep getting new ideas and when Lennie and I get together the ideas just kind of go crazy.”
Gallery shows are booked up to November, and they're excited about what the future holds for the arts and for Easthampton.
“It's our goal to boost up our beautiful community by sharing many forms of art,” #LOCAL's mission statement reads. “Most importantly, we want to celebrate local. That's where our heart is.”
Gina Beavers can be reached at gbeavers@valleyadvocate.com
Related Posts
© Sputnik/ Sergey Guneev Kremlin: Russia Not Officially Accused of Violating INF Treaty
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)According to Toner, Russia is "in violation of its INF Treaty obligations not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles."
"We have made very clear our concerns about Russia's violation, the risks it poses to European and Asian security, and our strong interest in Russia returning to compliance with the Treaty. The Administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF Treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners," Toner said, as quoted by the US embassy in Russia.
Earlier in the week, The New York Times newspaper reported that Russia had secretly deployed a ground-based cruise missile in violation of the 1987 INF Treaty.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
This week, I got this text into the show;
"Morning Paula. Sundays for many people can often be a long and boring day. Any suggestions from you or your listeners would be most welcome - what to do, places to go, people to meet etc?"
Now for me, Sunday is day of rest and you'd be hard pushed to get me dressed, let alone out of the house - but seeing as this weekend is meant to be glorious (temperatures in the mid-twenties!) perhaps heading out to enjoy the sun might be on the cards!
Here are some of the things that are going on around the country this weekend - and if I've missed any, do let me know!
“Morning, I would highly recommend Emo House and Court Gardens in Laois to spend your Sunday. It has a beautiful lake, spectacular gardens and a lovely tearoom cafe. There are tours of the magnificent House which was designed by James Gandon. It's a wonderful day out and it's free to enter.” - Mick in Laois
“Go to the Cork Summer Show this Sunday – great family day and under 12s are free!”
“Hi Paula, tell that person looking for something to do on Sunday to park up in the square in Thurles about 5.45pm and watch 15,000 langers balling their eyes out after Waterford hand them their arses.” - Brian in Waterford
"Hi Paula! A quick mention for the Kildare Show in Athy this Sunday - great family day out!”
“Paula Boogie in the Bog is on in Monaghan...it's as crazy as it sounds!”
“The All-Ireland Turf Footing Championships are on in Kildare and it's the most craic ever!”
"Paula, seeing as the weather is meant to be lovely, why not head camping somewhere? Once it's dry, it's a brilliant family event - cooking outdoors and cuddling up under blankets playing cards. We have a camper van and head to Westport on sunny weekends in summer!" - Kay in Sligo
“'The Tom Crean Endurance Walk is on in Annascaul. The walk itself is booked out. But there are several fabulous local hill and road walks. Entertaining pubs, restaurants in the village and Tom Crean play at night's. Come along!” - Sean
“Morning Paula. Tell that person to pack a picnic and head to their nearest park or beach. Bring some games – rackets or a football etc. We did that a few weeks ago and the kids are still talking about it. Free, fun family time!”
"Paula Skerries mid-summer festival is on, right by the beach on the South Strand - come on over!"
“Do the bike tour of Kilkenny City. It's brilliant!”
Something different? Register for Dip in the Nip on Sunday and get absolutely starkers with a bunch of Good Samaritan like-minded strangers and run head-first into the sea at secret location! All in aid of Cork Dragons and Girls Club!"
@sweetpmac Hi Paula
A quick mention for the Kildare co show In Athy this Sunday a family day a great family day out thank you Charlie — Charlie o Donnell (@CharlieZac2) June 15, 2017
@sweetpmac weekend idea- Clonakilty Carnival this Sat!! Family fun, food & music! Plus @AlisonTodayFM lives on Saturday morning 🎉💃🏻 — Inchydoney Island (@inchydoneylodge) June 15, 2017
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May shows Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan around the garden during a visit to Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May greets Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan during a visit to Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May shows Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan around the garden during a visit to Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan arrive for a joint news conference at Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan (UNSEEN) hold a joint news conference at Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan hold a joint news conference at Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
LONDON Japanese leader Shinzo Abe asked Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday to ensure a smooth Brexit to allow Japanese companies to continue to operate as the United Kingdom exits the European Union.
The leader of the world's third largest economy praised PM May for what they said were attempts to secure Brexit transparency and a transitional period to ease the United Kingdom's exit from the EU that is scheduled for March 2019.
Since the shock June 23 Brexit vote, Japan has expressed unusually strong public concerns about the impact of Brexit on the United Kingdom, the second most important destination for Japanese investment after the United States.
"The United Kingdom finds itself in the midst of major changes as it moves towards exiting the EU," Abe said through a translator after lunch with May at Chequers, the country house of the British prime minister.
"I requested the prime minister for their continued consideration to ensure the smooth operations of businesses including Japanese companies," Abe said.
May, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the referendum vote and now has promised to make a success of the EU divorce, said they updated Abe on the preparations for Brexit.
The outcome of the Brexit negotiations will shape the future of Britain's $2.6 trillion economy, the world's fifth biggest, and determine whether London can keep its place as one of the top two global financial centres.
"I continue to have confidence in the economy of the UK after Brexit," Abe said, adding that Japan and the United Kingdom were the closest of allies on security matters in Asia.
BREXIT?
May said they wanted to ensure "the UK remains the best place in Europe to run and grow a business, whether it's one operating at home or abroad."
Japanese companies including carmaker Nissan and conglomerate Hitachi have invested more than 40 billion pounds ($52 billion) in the United Kingdom. They employ a total of 140,000 people in the country.
"It is important for the global economy that Brexit takes place smoothly and successfully," Abe said. "I evaluate highly the fact that the UK is focusing on securing transparency, predictability and introducing a transitional period."
May mentioned SoftBank's purchase of Britain's most valuable technology company ARM, Nissan's commitment to build the new Qashqai model at their plant in Sunderland and Toyota's 240 million pound investment in Derby as evidence that Japanese business was confident about Brexit.
May has said they want a Brexit deal which will enable Nissan and other automakers to flourish in Britain, and last year the Japanese company said it had received assurances allowing it to increase production at its plant in Sunderland, northeast England.
In October, Nissan said it would go ahead with plans to build the next X-Trail and Qashqai SUVs at its Sunderland plant, but gave no details on the type of assurances it had received that the site's export competitiveness would not be harmed.
"In a situation where protectionist trends are becoming pronounced in the world, Japan and Europe and the United States must keep the flag of free trade hoisted high," Abe said. "Japan and the UK see themselves as the standard bearers of free trade."
(Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Michael Holden and Ralph Boulton)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Having a strong university in Galway is good for the economy of the west of Ireland according to President of NUIG Jim Browne.
President Browne says they are pleased to see NUIG named University of the Year in the Sunday Times Good University Guide.
The Guide cites NUIG's reputation for excellence in research saying academics earn nearly 90 thousand euro in research income per head.
NUIG also has the lowest graduate unemployment rate of any university in the country with only 3% of students unemployed 9 months after graduating.
Speaking to Keith Finnegan President Browne says NUIG's success comes from investing in many different aspects of the university.
The FBI on Wednesday released a joint statement on the early morning shooting at a Republican congressional baseball team practice, documenting a second injured member of congress in addition to Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA)
The unnamed second member of congress sustained “minor injuries and was also transported by a medic unit,” the FBI said.
The agency also confirmed the identity of the alleged shooter, James Hodgkinson.
Asked about the FBI statement at a press conference Wednesday, Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX), who was present at the shooting, appeared to identify the second member of congress as Roger Williams (R-TX), whose staffer was among those shot.
“Congressman Roger Williams is my coach, and he, in trying to protect some of the players and my son — my son and I scrambled into the dugout — they sprained their ankle, and they have had medical attention,” Barton said. “We don't think it's broken. They were not shot though. They injured themselves in trying to protect some other people.”
That brought the total number of injured in the incident to six — including the two members of congress, a congressional staffer, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods and two Capitol Police officers.
One of the Capitol Police officers, the statement noted “was transported to the hospital in a police cruiser for minor injuries and has been released.” The other, according to the statement, “is hospitalized and is reported to be in stable condition.”
Hodgkinson, the FBI said, “was taken to the hospital, where they succumbed to their injuries.”
The FBI statement also said it was “actively investigating Hodgkinson, to include their associates, whereabouts, social media impressions, and potential motivations. This is an active investigation that continues to unfold.”
“The ATF is running a trace on two weapons, to include a rifle and a handgun,” it added.
Uber and Waymo head to court on Monday in San Francisco.
Scroll for more content...
Waymo, a self-driving car company owned by Google's parent company, is suing Uber for allegedly stealing trade secrets and self-driving car technology. The case has captivated observers and is considered to be the most consequential among a number of legal battles Uber is fighting.
Both companies are major players in the nascent self-driving car market, and the outcome of the case could determine a competitive industry advantage.
Background
Waymo alleges that its former engineer Anthony Levandowski stole thousands of confidential documents containing trade secrets before leaving Google. Levandowski founded a self-driving truck company called Otto in January 2016. Uber then bought Otto for $680 million in August 2016.
Waymo believes Uber executives, including then-CEO Travis Kalanick, knew about the stolen data. It claims the company used Waymo's laser and radar technology called LiDAR to further its own self-driving efforts.
Uber denies the allegations.
Related: Uber accused of espionage, hacking and bribery in bombshell letter
The trial was delayed twice, most recently in November after a bombshell 37-page letter emerged. It claimed a team within Uber surreptitiously collected information about competitors and used technology such as disappearing messaging apps and secret computers to communicate without leaving a trail.
That letter, known as the Jacobs Letter, was written by an attorney for former global threat operations employee Richard Jacobs. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California obtained the letter through an unrelated investigation and gave it to the presiding judge. It became public in December.
The letter was sent by Jacobs' lawyers after they left the company. Jacobs claimed they were documenting abuses to become a whistleblower, but Uber's deputy general counsel Angela Padilla called the latter "extortionist." Uber eventually paid Jacobs a $4.5 million settlement.
The tech involved
The investigation into potential trade secret theft began in late 2016 when Waymo accidentally received an email from a self-driving technology supplier containing an attachment detailing Uber's LiDAR circuit board. Waymo claimed it looked suspiciously like its own design.
Technology called LiDAR is central to self-driving car development. LiDAR stands for "Light Detection and Ranging." It uses pulsating laser beams to measure the distance between objects and can be used to make three-dimensional representations of objects. In self-driving cars, it is used to identify people, bicyclists, driving lanes, and other objects an automated vehicle would need to "see" in its path.
Uber denies using proprietary Waymo technology, and said it has only used its own LiDAR tech in developing self-driving cars.
"We have accumulated significant and compelling evidence of Uber's theft and use of Waymo's trade secrets, and we look forward to finally presenting our case to the public," a spokesperson for Waymo told CNNTech.
Witnesses
Jacobs is on the potential witness list released this week, and if they testify, some of the content of their letter will be fair game to Waymo attorneys, including Uber's use of ephemeral messaging apps and undisclosed devices. However, the full letter itself is not admissible as evidence on its own.
Levandowski is also on the prospective witness list. They were ordered to turn over documents and other information related to the case in March, but they exercised their Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination. They were fired from Uber in May 2017 after failing to cooperate with the company.
There are 99 potential witnesses listed in total, but it's likely many of them won't testify.
On Thursday, both parties released lists of their first handful of witnesses. Kalanick is on both. Waymo alleges the former Uber CEO and other executives knew Levandowski had Google data before Otto's acquisition.
Waymo CEO John Krafcik and vice president of engineering Dmitri Dolgov are on Waymo's list. Uber's witnesses include Eric Friedberg, president of Stroz Friedberg, who the company hired to do due diligence on Otto before it was acquired, and Waymo engineer Sasha Zbrozek.
Jurors were selected on Wednesday.
The case comes before Judge William Alsup, a federal judge in San Francisco, who was also the presiding judge for Oracle v. Google, a major tech copyright case involving the Java programming language. (Alsup overruled a jury verdict for Oracle, ruling instead in Google's favor. The companies have been duking it out in court ever since.)
Alsup, who reportedly taught themselves how to code, has been critical of Uber's tactics in court so far.
"You're just making the impression that this is a total cover-up," Alsup told Uber's lawyers after the Jacobs Letter surfaced.
CNN Tech reporter Heather Kelly contributed to this report.
Wednesday on CNN's “New Day,” culture critic Michaela Angela Davis said “yes” all the people who voted for Donald Trump are racist.
Partial transcript as follows:
DAVIS: They made a connection together right when Trump touted their ratings, almost took credit for them, said it was about us. They made their relationship clear. And he's made it more popular, I think, to be openly racist. And I think it's important we don't make Trump seem this untouchable thing, that no one gets to be Trump but Trump. Tens of millions of people voted for them after they showed their cards for years.
BERMAN: Are you suggesting that they're racist —
DAVIS: Absolutely yes. Yes.
BERMAN: All the people that voted for Donald Trump are racist?
DAVIS: Yes. They may not be violently racist, they may not be — he's targeted. He's very clear and strategic. Look anti-blackness is a strategy that has been the foundation of part of the American project. So if you — we have to grapple with the idea if that if you heard someone at their rally say ‘build a wall, kill them all.' If you heard someone say—
CAMEROTA: You know that people interpret this differently and to paint as broad a brush saying you are that saying everybody who voted for them is racist. They'll say that people compartmentalize during Bill Clinton and you overlook the things that you're uncomfortable with because you like the policy. You can't paint that broad of a brush stroke.
DAVIS: Racism isn't broad. What you are not hearing is there are so many different levels of racism and how it works itself out.
CAMEROTA: I hear you.
DAVIS: There are levels to how it is interpreted and there are levels to how it is acted out and most of the time we are operating in racist structures, so you as an individual may not —may not understand that you are racist but you are working in a racist structure. So that's how police officers of color can be participatory. So it's not — it is so complicated and that's why we have to have sustained complicated, nuanced conversations that ground themselves in history.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) – Want the world's best, up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad?
For the first time, cameras will provide live 360-degree video of a rocket heading toward space.
NASA will provide the 360 stream Tuesday as an unmanned Atlas rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral, Florida, with a capsule full of space station supplies. The stream will begin 10 minutes before the scheduled 11:11 a.m. liftoff and continue until the rocket is out of sight.
The four fisheye-lens cameras are located at the pad, about 300 feet (100 meters) from the rocket. A computer in a blast-proof box will stitch together the images for a full, in-the-round view. There will be about a minute lag time.
It will be shown on NASA's YouTube channel .
Comments
comments
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
It pays to battle the Demogorgon: The stars of Netflix's sci-fi hit Stranger Things will be getting big pay raises for the upcoming third season, our sister site Deadline is reporting.
Young cast members Finn Wolfhard (Mike), Millie Bobby Brown (Eleven), Gaten Matarazzo (Dustin), Caleb McLaughlin (Lucas) and Noah Schnapp (Will) will see a per-episode increase from $30,000 to upwards of $250,000. (Brown will receive slightly more than their young co-stars.) Meanwhile, Winona Ryder (Joyce) and David Harbour (Sheriff Hopper) will see their per-episode fee rise to upwards of $350,000. Fellow series regulars Natalia Dyer (Nancy) and Charlie Heaton (Jonathan) will make between $100,000 and $150,000 per episode in Season 3. (Netflix hasn't officially commented on Deadline's report.)
One of Netflix's buzziest breakout hits since its 2016 debut, Stranger Things scored a Season 3 renewal in December, with production on the eight-episode season due to get underway next month. The new season will add Maya Hawke (PBS' upcoming Little Women) as a series regular, playing “alternative girl” Robin, and promote Priah Ferguson (Lucas' kid sister Erica) to recurring guest status.
Rappler compiles all documents related to President Duterte's martial law declaration in Mindanao. This page will be constantly updated as needed.
Published 10:34 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Rappler compiles all documents relating to President Rodrigo Duterte's martial law declaration in Mindanao.
This page will be updated every time the government releases a new document. The most recent document appears first. Scroll down this page to see older files.
Duterte declared martial law in Mindanao on May 23 from Moscow, Russia after being told of clashes between terrorists and government troops in Marawi City.
In this page are: Arrest Order No. 2, Arrest Order No. 1, General Order No. 1, President Duterte's report to Congress, Proclamation No. 216.
The documents may be downloaded by clicking the downward-pointing arrow on the lower right of each document window.
Below are the documents:
Arrest Order No. 2
Arrest Order No. 1
General Order No. 1
President Duterte's report to Congress
Proclamation No. 216
– Rappler.com
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon's annual shareholders meeting began at 9 a.m. in Seattle's funky Fremont neighborhood today, with about 150 people inside and another 50 or so outside protesting.
After the shareholders entered the building, drag queens outside prepared to stage a flash dance as they agitated for Amazon to only consider states with strong gay rights laws for its second headquarters, while busloads of pilots for Amazon freight flights arrived to protest low staffing levels.
The event is generally fairly low-key on the inside, with CEO Jeff Bezos giving an overview of the previous year to around 100 shareholders.
The protests are expected to be raucous enough that the Washington State Department of Transportation listed two potential traffic issues in the region in its Wednesday morning tweet — the Amazon demonstrations in Seattle and band Maroon 5 performing in Tacoma.
This year the No Gay, No Way group, which is pushing the company to only place its second headquarters in states with strong gay rights laws, has local drag queens strutting outside while airplane-drawn banners float through the sky above the meeting.
Pilots for Amazon Air cargo, who fly Amazon cargo jets for Atlas Air and ABX Air, are attending to protest inadequate staffing levels, which they say makes for difficult working conditions.
Air cargo pilots for Amazon Air arrive by bus at Amazon's 2018 annual shareholders meeting to protest what they describe as understaffing issues.
Conor Gaughan
An activist group called SumOfUs is also waging a campaign in support of a proposal to separate the roles of CEO and chairperson of the board at Amazon. Jeff Bezos holds both positions.
More: How to listen to what Amazon's Alexa has recorded in your home
It plans to hire a plane to fly over the meeting trailing a banner that reads, “Bezos Needs a Boss.”
It's not uncommon for one person to hold the position of both CEO and board chair in a company, especially in the case of companies that have grown quickly and in which the founder is still serving in those positions, as is the case with Amazon.
However, it's becoming more common for companies to separate the jobs of board chair and CEO, especially when the CEO owns a large stake in the company as Bezos does.
The concern is that if the roles are both filled by the same person, there is no one tasked with focusing on the will of the non-stake holding shareholders. A board led by an independent chair is presumed to be better able to focus on the mandate of the corporation to serve the needs of shareholders.
Other groups protesting at the shareholders meeting include the Service Employees International Union, climate justice group 350 Seattle, the Socialist Alternative socialist political party and community members angry at the negative impacts they say Amazon has had on their communities also plan to demonstrate.
Another proposal being put forward at the meeting asks that Amazon commit to a version of the Rooney Rule and include women and minorities when it interviews for open board positions. Currently Amazon's board is made up of seven men and three women, all white.
Amazon had originally opposed the measure but two weeks ago the board shifted course, adopting as policy the inclusion of a diverse slate of candidates for director openings.
Jesse Jackson was in Seattle for the board meeting. Reached by USA TODAY, they said, "leadership comes from the top down," and that they were eager for Amazon to make sure its board wasn't all white.
Amazon declined to comment on the protests.
The view from Amazon's Day 1 headquarters in downtown Seattle.
Elizabeth Weise
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Drag racing champ Ron Capps is the reigning National Hot Rod Association Funny Car World Champion.
 They are in Hawaii to meet with fans and will make an appearance at the NAPA Nimitz store on Saturday.
Billy V interviewed them live on Sunrise.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The chief of the PNP leads a program for the men and women of the police force to lose unwanted pounds
Published 12:54 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Top officials of the Philippine National Police (PNP) led by Director General Ronald dela Rosa launched a nationwide "mission" to promote a healthier lifestyle on Tuesday, June 13.
At the PNP Oval inside the national police headquarters, Camp Crame, Dela Rosa and other top police generals led a workout routine and accepted a "challenge" for the men and women of the police force to lose weight.
According to the PNP, the program "aims to develop and maintain the physical fitness of every personnel in order to perform everyday tasks efficiently and effectively."
The program is aptly named "Mission: Slim Possible."
Earlier on the same day, the PNP launched its yearly sportsfest between the national support units (NSUs) based in Camp Crame. – Rappler.com
The PIC does not own the assets that it manages on behalf of its clients, no matter who that client is, said GEPF principal executive officer, Abel Sithole. Picture: GEPF/Supplied
Cape Town - Africa's largest asset manager, the Public Investment Corporation (PIC), does not own the assets that it manages on behalf of its clients including the Government Employees Pension Fund (GEPF), Parliament heard on Tuesday.
“The PIC does not own the assets that it manages on behalf of its clients, no matter who that client is," GEPF principal executive officer, Abel Sithole, said during the public investment corporation amendment bills programme review held in Parliament.
"So if you had to look at the annual financial service of the PIC, you will not see the investments of the GEPF in the statements of the PIC, you will see the investments of the GEPF in the GEPF annual financial statements.”
African News Agency/ANA
A wide array of groups that partnered for several years with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the White House to promote open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act say this year has brought a deafening silence from the Trump administration, with no sign the partnerships will continue.
Both representatives of the former partner groups and former HHS officials say the relationships with gig economy companies, youth organizations, churches, women's groups, and African American and Latino civil rights non-profits were critical to keeping Obamacare's markets functioning, and their termination is a clear example of sabotage.
“The failure to invest in local assistance and these enrollment partnerships will reduce enrollment, increase costs and drive up the uninsured rate,” warned Andy Slavitt, former head of HHS' Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services under President Obama. “Hopefully they will reconsider taking these destructive actions.”
Without the partners' help reaching out to young and healthy people who are less likely to sign up for health care, Slavitt explained, the government will find itself with a drastically smaller, older, sicker individual market with sky-high insurance rates.
With the first full open enrollment period of the Trump administration on the horizon, HHS has the power to make good on the president's repeated promise to “let Obamacare implode”—either through active sabotage or passive neglect. Already this year, the administration has yanked PSAs about insurance deadlines, killed contracts for programs in 18 cities that helped people enroll, and redirected funds meant for the promotion of Obamacare toward the creation of ads against it—a decision now under GAO scrutiny. Both the president and HHS Secretary Tom Price frequently and publicly trash the law.
Now, dozens of organizations say the federal government has abandoned the collaborative outreach and education work they have pursued since 2013, putting the viability of the individual market in jeopardy.
‘Stark Contrast'
Early last summer, the Obama HHS blasted out a press release touting partnerships with dozens of outside organizations and the work they were doing together to encourage young people to sign up for health insurance. By early August of 2016, the coalition was meeting regularly with HHS staff in D.C. and regional federal officials in Los Angeles, Houston, Chicago, Denver, and New York.
But since Trump took office, the partner groups tell TPM, they haven't yet heard a peep from the administration about the future of those partnerships or any plans for outreach this fall.
“It feels like someone has slammed on the brakes and we're all lurching forward,” said Amanda Hooper, the director of engagement and mobilization with the National Women's Law Center, who had worked with the government on every open enrollment period since the launch of the exchanges in 2013. “It's completely night and day—working with an administration that's invested in ACA and getting people covered and the Trump administration, which is actively working to take health care away from millions of people. It's a stark, stark contrast.”
The partnerships to promote open enrollment took many forms. Last year, the NWLC worked with HHS to develop holiday-themed social media campaigns to encourage insurance signups. In 2013, Young Invincibles worked with HHS on a video contest where young people could win thousands of dollars in cash prizes for talking up the benefits of Obamacare for people under 30. In 2014 and 2015, Voto Latino, another former partner group, held a livestreamed Q&A with then-HHS Secretaries Kathleen Sebelius and Sylvia Burwell.
While many of HHS' past partnerships around open enrollment promotion were with progressive advocacy groups—groups with which Trump administration would likely not want to associate—the relationships with non-partisan professional, religious and medical organizations and private corporations appear to have been dropped as well.
The United Methodist Church, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Medical Student Association, the National Urban League, the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, the National Hispanic Medical Association, and the National Partnership for Women and Families—groups that worked with the Obama administration to promote open enrollment—all told TPM they have not yet had any contact from the Trump administration.
There is also no indication that the campaigns the Obama administration launched last year with dozens of so-called “gig economy” companies like Lyft, Uber, Doordash and TaskRabbit to encourage workers and customers alike to sign up for health insurance will continue.
“We have not heard anything about open enrollment from HHS yet,” an official at one of these gig economy companies, who spoke on condition of anonymity so as not to jeopardize future relations with the Trump administration, told TPM. The company official added that a monthly newsletter HHS used to send to partner groups with information about open enrollment promotion has similarly petered out.
“That stopped in January,” they said. “I've only received two emails since new administration came in, and both emails have been around the opioid crisis. Nothing about enrollment. That's been the extent of their outreach.”
Daniel Bouton, manager of a Texas consortium that helps people sign up for insurance, told the Washington Post that the only answer they received when they asked HHS about their intention “is they were working on it, and they hadn't made a final decision about whether they were going to have a marketing campaign this year.”
HHS did not respond to TPM's inquiry about the fate of the partnerships and their plans for open enrollment promotion.
High Stakes
While the vast majority of Americans have health insurance either through an employer or through the federal government's Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs, Obamacare's greatest challenge has been ensuring that millions of people who fall outside of those categories sign up for health insurance on the individual market. The fewer young and healthy people who enroll, the more unstable those markets will be. If only people who immediately need health care sign up, insurance companies will jack up their rates to cover that cost.
That, says former Obama White House health care policy adviser Chris Jennings, is the danger of scaling back partnerships and joint outreach efforts.
“You're undermining one of the legs of the stool of enrollment,” they told TPM. “The idea that you would chop that leg off in an obvious moment of confusion and transition sends extremely troubling messages to the targeted population and undermines confidence that we will come close to matching past enrollment numbers.”
A new poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that a whopping 80 percent of respondents, and 65 percent of Republicans, “disapprove of the Trump Administration stopping outreach efforts for the ACA marketplaces so fewer people sign up for insurance.”
Jennings warned that if the Trump administration continues to let the partnerships languish, it will have severe consequences. “Particularly for difficult to reach populations, the experienced, trusted community partners can be the difference-makers between a successful open enrollment period and one that underperforms,” they said. “With them, you will inevitably have a less diverse, more sick population that decreases the stability of the insurance pool.”
In January, when the Trump administration halted outreach efforts during the crucial final days of open enrollment, the move significantly suppressed enrollment by hundreds of thousands of people. Now, amid ongoing uncertainty about the Trump administration's commitment to upholding the ACA, the former partner groups say reviving their collaboration is crucial to the law's survival.
“Hopefully they'll be willing to partner with us and do some promotion this year,” Erin Hemlin with the former federal partner group Young Invincibles told TPM. “The federal government clearly has a bigger reach than we do. It's so important that they provide as much information as they can to people about what their options are.”
No bonus for staff at Baha Mar and Atlantis this year!…
Nassau – Baha Mar staff will learn more about the direction of the company this week December 14th as a big staff meeting is expected to take place.
BP heard from reliable sources at the mega resort that the meeting is scheduled for this Thursday deep inside the property's Convention Centre.
BP will be inside the kitchen making a big club sandwich for the event. We have learnt that this big “bonfire” meeting will not just include workers at Grand Hyatt and SLS, but will also include workers from Melia property as well. This will be interesting.
Now, we at BP want to dismiss the notion that staff will be getting a bonus. This year, from our source, the debate about a one-week pay bonus will come up and from our intel it is anticipated that there will be no bonus this year.
We also know that the hotel is expected to have an 80% occupancy this winter season and this means the property will be extremely busy. This is the good news.
Last week on December 7th it was announced that the sale of Baha Mar was complete. Hong Kong-based conglomerate Chow Tai Fook Enterprises (CTFE) is now the sole owner of the multibillion-dollar resort on Cable Beach. Baha Mar has received its permanent certificate of occupancy, CTFE said in a statement.
Not only Baha Mar employees not be getting a bonus this year but we at BP have learned staff at the established Atlantis will also not be getting a bonus. With the Minnis-led governing having fired more than 5,613 Bahamians since coming to office workers at Atlantis and Baha Mar should be grateful for a job.
We report yinner decide!
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
As Theresa May is getting ready to host a cabinet meeting at their country residence on Friday, July 6, it has been reported their preferred way forward looked a 'lot like Switzerland,' minus the free movement.
The purpose of the Friday meeting is to bridge the gaps between May's senior ministers over the differences of opinion on how Britain should leave the European Union.
Senior officials are expected to finalize the white paper that "will set out detailed proposals for a sustainable and close future relationship between the UK and the EU."
Mrs. May has previously said Britain would leave the EU customs union and the single market area, without accepting free movement rules. It has now been reported that the PM's preferred way looked a lot like Switzerland.
Switzerland is neither an EU nor European Economic Area (EEA) m ember but is part of the single market — this means Swiss nationals have the same rights to live and work in the UK as other EEA nationals.
Eurosceptic Tory politician Jacob Rees-Mogg said in an article the "Prime Minister must stick to their 'no deal is better than a bad deal' mantra, or risk splitting the Conservative Party."
I am confident the Prime Minister will deliver the Brexit they have promised. https://t.co/YgJ1VWIdRO — Jacob Rees-Mogg (@Jacob_Rees_Mogg) July 2, 2018​
"This is a historic decision and one the Prime Minister is well placed to make. Theresa May has the vision and has put the law in place to leave the EU. However, there are political challenges ahead. There is a need to overcome fear of the future. In leaving the EU the UK will have a new relationship with it based on trade without political convergence," Jacob Rees-Mogg said.
Ahead of the meeting at the PM's Chequers country house, the UK Foreign Minister Boris Johnson expressed hope in their Twitter post that all MPs can come to an agreement on Brexit.
It's vital that all MPs are able to air their views on Brexit. Whatever your position, I hope we can all agree that @Jacob_Rees_Mogg is a principled and dedicated MP who wants the best for our country. — Boris Johnson (@BorisJohnson) July 2, 2018​
The rift between the 'hard Brexiteers' and the 'Remainer faction' has affected the unity in the ruling Conservative party and the projected image of Theresa May among EU politicians.
READ MORE: Tory Remainers Threaten Open Rebellion if May Reneges on Brexit Vote Pledge
The Environment Minister Michael Gove said on Wednesday they don't think any ministers will resign following the Friday meeting.
It is unclear what May will present to their cabinet. However, there are expectations they will offer a compromise on customs, supported by some companies and several ministers.
READ MORE: Brexit Brawl: UK Businesses Reportedly Stand Up to Government Customs Plan
According to Mercanti, those same players are part of an emerging consortium interested in exploring redevelopment options for the three venues.
"It's fair to say that every member of the arena study is aware and at the table with the conversation and the pursuit."
Mercanti envisions talking with the city about more amenities for the existing buildings and a "bigger conversation" around adding commercial, retail and residential components.
Merulla is excited by Carmen's proposal but says the city can't consider a potential billion-dollar redevelopment project without a competitive process. They intend to put forward a motion directing staff to talk to other potential bidders and "aggressively pursue" options.
"We need to be open and transparent and give an opportunity to everyone rather than sole-sourcing."
Mercanti says Carmen's is fully prepared to compete with other bidders. "The Carmen's Group is respectful of process and we understand that ultimately things have to happen through due process."
Merulla notes that privatizing operations of the former HECFI buildings in 2013 has already saved the city millions of dollars. They say the goal should now be to capitalize on the development possibilities with an eye to growing tax assessment and generating revenue.
Coun. Terry Whitehead agrees. They say the pitch from Carmen's underlines that the venues are at a "crossroads" regarding their lifespan and economic redevelopment possibilities.
'We haven't really tested the development community — the private sector — in regards to what there is now and what it could be. It's time to have that discussion."
Interestingly, the proposal comes fast on the heels of renewed complaints from Hamilton Bulldogs owner Michael Andlauer about the city dragging its feet on what to do with the arena.
It also lands just days after Carmen's — which operates five hospitality and entertainment businesses and employs about 400 people — publicly announced it's relocating its corporate headquarters to the downtown Hamilton City Centre from Stone Church Road East.
Combine that with Carmen's recent role in saving the Hamilton Cardinals baseball team and its financial contribution to the upcoming HAMILTON sign at city hall and you're left with the impression of an intensely local company on a strategic roll.
Andrew Dreschel's commentary usually appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday. adreschel@thespec.com 905-526-3495 @AndrewDreschel
With the jackpot in tonight's Euromillions draw hitting €190m there will, inevitably, be a surge of desperate people hoping to finally become a multi-millionaire.
So, just in case you do win and you're looking for some ideas on how to spend all that lovely cash, here are some suggestions:
Buy an island
Now you're a multi-millionaire, slumming it in a three bed semi just won't cut it anymore. The solution - buy an island so you can truly get away from it all. Buying an island will also ensure you can isolate yourself from all the blood sucking leeches (otherwise known as your extended family), who will be beating a path to your door looking for handouts before the ink dries on the Lottery cheque.
The guest accommodations on Motu Tane.
We recommend putting an offer down on Motu Tane (which in Tahitian translates as Man's Island) a well known private island in Bora Bora, Tahiti. Formerly the home of French polar explorer, Paul-Emile Victor, it is currently owned by François Nars, artistic director and founder of the well-known cosmetic brand - NARS. The 9.58 acre island boasts architect designed buildings which "preserve the utmost discretion and privacy for up to 20 guests." (apparently that's important when you're rich).
Best of all it's for sale for just €44,820,000 (leaving you €145m to, you know, survive on, for the rest of your days).
Travel the world on your private yacht
Forget cruise ships, you can now afford your own luxury liner. Lucky you! We suggest you start with something reasonable like Turquoise. This custom build superyacht was first launched in 1994 but offers stunning luxury with space to accommodate up to 12 guests in six decadent suites. Perfect for travelling to and from the asupervisorstioned luxury island.
Fraser Yachts, has Turquoise listed with an asking price of €26,500,000. Perfect!
Don't forget to upgrade the family car
Now you are obscenely wealthy you'll be finally able to stop caring about the appallingly high quotes given by car insurance companies. Go wild and buy yourself a Bugatti Chiron.
Not only will you be impressing the neighbours with the Bugatti Chiron's sleek lines you'll also have all the power you'll need - 1479 BHP to be exact and it's only a snip at roughtly €22.2m. Although it's not really child-friendly as there are only two-seats. Clearly you'll have to buy your precious offspring (and the nanny who'll be looking after them) something more practical to travel in, like a Rolls-Royce.
Chinese authorities are preparing for the baby boom they anticipate as they phase out their “one child” policy.
They've invested in a manufacturing facility in the small city of Kingston, Ontario, to provide baby formula for the next generation.
“It might be out of the ordinary, but I think that's what was most exciting”
The Feihe International Inc. facility in Kingston, Ont., will begin production in 2019. © Feihe International Inc.
Construction is underway, providing a major boost to the local economy now, and in 2019 when it will start production.
Feihe International, Inc. is investing $225 million (Cdn) to access Canada's cows, and goats and the milk products that will result.
“It's one of the largest economic development projects in our city's history,” Kingston, Ont., mayor Bryan Paterson told CBC News, calling Canada's largest-ever foreign investment in agri-food “off the charts.”
“It might be out of the ordinary, but I think that's what was most exciting.” Paterson said.
Meanwhile, trade talks with U.S. get underway this week and Canada's supply-managed dairy industry is a major target.
Donald Trump has called the sector a “disgrace.”
Moreover, Canada's new price category for milk ingredients is in the crosshairs, and the controversial price is the basis of the deal for the new Chinese-built facility, located halfway between Toronto and Montreal,
It's estimated as much as 60,000 tonnes of dry infant food annually, will be produced, using milk from Canadian farms.
About 85 per cent of the baby formula will be shipped back to China.
Kingston has a population of about 130,000 people.
(With files from CBC)
An employee for the federal agency supervising the lease for the Trump hotel in Washington spent more than $900 for a stay there last year, according to a document reviewed by CNN -- the first publicly known movement of federal taxpayer dollars into the highly scrutinized business.
Scroll for more content...
The federal employee worked for the General Services Administration, the agency which supervises the lease of the Old Post Office building to the Trump Organization.
The GSA reimbursed the employee for a majority of the charges, which was in line with the agency's policy on per diem expenses, according to a person familiar with the document. That means taxpayer dollars made their way into the hotel's coffers.
The expenses are small relative to the hotel's operation but the charge demonstrate how taxpayer money can flow into the President's businesses, stoking critics who say these payments invite corruption. Ethics hawks argue that Trump shouldn't profit from government money -- foreign or domestic and regardless of the amount.
CNN reviewed government travel expense records from the GSA, which were obtained via Freedom of Information Act request by a government transparency group called Property of the People, a Washington-based nonprofit.
The GSA reports show one charge last February for over $900, which accounts for the bulk of the expenses at the hotel itself. The document also shows a GSA employee spending $750 at the property's premier steakhouse BLT Prime on June 26, and while there is a financial arrangement between BLT and the hotel, the former is not owned by the Trump Organization.
GSA does not have specific guidance regarding employees use of the Trump hotel in Washington, the agency said in a response to a separate CNN FOIA request last month.
"GSA has not promulgated any guidance related to the use of properties or services of the Trump Organization properties," the agency wrote.
"GSA employees are responsible for making their own lodging and meal arrangements while on official business travel and GSA reimburses its employees at the allowable per diem rates pursuant to federal rules and regulations and GSA's Travel Policy," agency spokesperson Pam Dixon said in an interview.
Government watchdogs and the President's opponents argue the payments to Trump's business from governments -- domestic or foreign --violate anti-corruption and self-dealing clauses in the Constitution. It says the President "shall not receive... any other Emolument from the United States" other than a salary.
Lawyers disagree over the definition of an emolument. Several lawsuits against the President, including one brought by the attorneys general of Maryland and the District of Columbia, contend that the term refers to any benefit the President receives other than their compensation.
Last month, the plaintiffs and the Justice Department lawyers defending the President appeared before a federal judge in Maryland who will decide whether the case moves forward. A judge in New York dismissed a similar lawsuit in December.
"Regardless of how much they make on any individual transaction, the President is sending a signal that the White House is open for business," said Property of the People co-founder Ryan Shapiro, who has been a vocal critic of this administration as well as prior ones. "Due to their refusal to divest from their sprawling business empire, Donald Trump has turned the American presidency into a racket."
The relationship between GSA and the hotel has drawn concern from ethics experts. The agency manages federal buildings and land, including the historical Old Post Office building housing the Trump hotel. As a result, the GSA is tasked with protecting taxpayers' interests under a 60-year lease agreement. At the same time, the executive branch has considerable sway over the head of the GSA, which "shall perform functions subject to the direction and control of the President," according to US law. That arrangement gives the tenant effective control over the landlord.
In addition to the GSA, multiple other federal agencies have paid Trump companies for lodging or services since Trump's inauguration.
CNN previously reported that the US Secret Service paid the Mar-a-Lago Club $63,700 between roughly February and April of 2017. The payments were categorized as hotel costs on government expense forms.
In September, the Washington Post credited Property of the People for obtaining a receipt from the US Coast Guard that showed Mar-a-Lago billed the government $1,092 for a two-night stay. That charge was listed as a rack rate, which usually refers to a non-discounted price.
In 2013, Trump signed a 60-year lease with the federal government in order to transform the historic Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue into a luxury hotel. Since opening in 2016, the Trump International Hotel offers more than 260 luxury rooms, and dining rooms for private parties, as well as a bar and spa.
Although Trump resigned from their companies before taking office, they transferred their assets into a trust that they can dissolve anytime they choose. The arrangement allows them to benefit financially from those businesses, including the DC hotel.
THE Anglican Church of Australia will join the $3.8 billion national redress scheme for child sexual abuse survivors.
The church said it has reached “in principle agreement” to join, while the YMCA Australia also announced its intention to sign up, a day after the Catholic Church said it would be a part of the scheme.
“We know that some survivors of abuse have chosen not to engage in our present institutional redress schemes. We hope that our participation in the independent National Redress Scheme will offer a further step to healing,” the Anglican Primate, Archbishop Philip Freier, said in a statement on Thursday.
Camera Icon Anglican Archbishop Philip Freier released a statement about the agreement. Picture: News Corp Australia, Stuart McEvoy for The Australian
Scouts Australia and The Salvation Army are also expected to join.
It follows yesterday's declaration the Catholic Church would join the scheme, a historical announcement given it was the first non-government institution to opt in and because it has estimated it will itself be liable for about $1 billion in compensation.
Minister for Social Services Dan Tehan said yesterday they expected more institutions to follow.
“(The) development is incredibly welcome and I think goes a long way to making sure we will have a national redress scheme which is comprehensive and will reach as many survivors as we possibly can,” they told reporters.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress scheme but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the states and territories to sign on before they could opt in.
Western Australia is the final state yet to sign up, although state Attorney- General John Quigley believes the negotiations with the federal government could be finalised within six to eight weeks.
Camera Icon Australian Social Services Minister Dan Tehan said they expected more institutions to follow. Picture: AAP, AAP Image/Lukas Coch
Mr Tehan said the negotiations have been very constructive and the remaining issues have been finalised.
Legislation to enable the opt-in scheme passed federal Parliament's lower house on Tuesday night.
Mr Tehan said the scheme was on track to begin on July 1 if the legislation passed the Senate.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference and Catholic Religious Australia yesterday confirmed the church will enter the scheme when it became law.
ACBC president Archbishop Mark Coleridge said an agency will be established to allow dioceses and religious congregations to interact with the independent national redress scheme operator.
Mr Tehan said the church's move to bring all the dioceses and Catholic orders under the umbrella of one company will make it lot easier and simpler for the federal agency administering the scheme.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday will hear a petition challenging the Centre's notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle from animal markets for slaughter, a move that received flak since its announcement.
The petition was filed by a Hyderabad-based lawyer, Fahim Qureshi, stating that the order was discriminatory and unconstitutional, as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood.
On May 25, the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle, including cows, for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners.
Minister for Environment, Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan had ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes.
Regulating animal trade is a state business but animal welfare is a central subject, thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule.
In lieu of this, there was widespread opposition of the order, with many states openly denying accepting the notification.
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan last month said they would call for a meeting of all the Chief Ministers, asserting that the Union Government does not have the right to issue such an order on cattle slaughter ban.
Vijayan further said that the Centre's new rule is an impermissible encroachment into the domain of the State Legislatures which is a clear 'violation of the spirit of federalism.'
On June 1, the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT- Madras) staged protest against the same.
With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus, the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre's controversial notification.
THE PROPOSAL
First, Martinez took Cuoco to a cave near Riviera Maya in Mexico, where they got down on one knee and asked them to spend the rest of their life with him. Photographer Polly Dawson of Del Sol Photography captured the intimate moment.
"The cenote with the rays of light entering is the definition of an epic proposal location," Dawson wrote on Del Sol Photography's website. "We walked into the jungle taking pictures and entered the amazing cave; it's so quiet and calm and has a really special atmosphere."
Arkansas' efforts to execute eight death row inmates in 11 days this month has refocused attention on the death penalty.
Since peaking in 1999, executions in the US have been gradually declining amid controversy over whether lethal-injection methods are humane.
Capital punishment is still legal in 31 US states.
Back in January, Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson proposed the state should repeal the death penalty. Gov. Jay Inslee supports the repeal, but getting lawmakers in Olympia to end executions could be an uphill battle.
As the drugs needed for execution get harder to come by, states are getting creative. Here's how we got to this point:
Opposition to the death penalty is rising …
In 1994, Gallup found that 80% of Americans supported the death penalty. Fast-forward to today: A poll from October shows support has fallen to 60%.
… and more states are putting executions on hold
Those are in addition to the 19 states and the District of Columbia, which have outlawed capital punishment. Since 2009 alone, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Maryland and New Mexico have abolished the death penalty. Nebraska repealed it in 2015 but reinstated it last year.
But capital punishment isn't dying
Not by a long shot. In just the last six years, 17 states have executed 260 inmates. Three states — Texas, Florida and Georgia — account for more than half of those.
The most common method? Lethal injection
Lethal injection is the primary means of execution in all 31 death penalty states. In 1982, Texas became the first state to execute an offender via lethal injection. Since then, the United States has carried out 1,444 executions, and only 171 have relied on another method.
But the drugs are drying up …
Lethal injection initially required a three-drug cocktail: The first (sodium thiopental or pentobarbital) puts the prisoner to sleep, the second (pancuronium bromide) brings on paralysis, and the final agent (potassium chloride) stops the heart.
In 2010, European drug manufacturers began banning exports of the cocktail ingredients to the United States. The following year, concerned about the use of sodium thiopental in executions, Illinois-based Hospira stopped making the drug, and Denmark-based Lundbeck banned US prisons from using its pentobarbital.
The United Kingdom also introduced a ban on exporting sodium thiopental, and the European Union took an official stance in 2012 with its Regulation on Products used for Capital Punishment and Torture.
… forcing states to seek new cocktails
Death penalty states began looking for alternatives. Among them: procuring the drugs from alternative sources, devising a one-drug method, employing other drugs such as midazolam or propofol, and using controversial compounding pharmacies to manufacture the drugs.
This has spurred a cascade of lawsuits
Such lawsuits saw a significant uptick in 2014. That's the same year numerous executions, all employing midazolam, were widely considered botched. In Ohio, Dennis McGuire gasped and convulsed for 10 minutes before dying. In Arizona, Joseph Wood snorted and gulped for air as they died over a period of two hours. In Oklahoma, Clayton Lockett writhed for 43 minutes before succumbing to a heart attack.
After each of those cases, states issued holds on capital punishment while their processes were reviewed. Attorneys for death row inmates in several states have also used these botched efforts to challenge the constitutionality of their clients' executions.
But the examples keep coming. In December, witnesses said Ronald Bert Smith Jr. heaved and coughed for 13 minutes during their execution in Alabama.
Now, states are looking at alternatives
In 2014, Tennessee said that when lethal injection drugs can't be found, the state can use the electric chair. The next year, Utah successfully passed legislation to reintroduce firing squads. And this month, Arkansas planned to killed 8 men in quick succession before its supply of lethal-injection drugs expires. But a federal judge halted the executions. The state plans to appeal.
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump pressed aides about whether they could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year.
Their inquiry came during a discussion about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​According to the NY Post, the suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster — both of whom are no longer with the administration — and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported.
Camera Icon According to a report, Donald Trump got into a heated debate with aides last year about whether they could invade Venezuela. Picture: AFP, Mark Wilson/Getty Images/AFP
​
Mr McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Mr Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the US president gave no indication they were about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in their head.
The next day, on August 11, Mr Trump floated the idea that they would use a “military option” to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
“We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away,” the president said. “Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary.”
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump expressed interest in invading Venezuela until National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster persuaded them that would be dangerous. Picture: AFP, AFP Photo
Mr Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, Mr McMaster was able to persuade Mr Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesperson for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
This article first appeared in the NY Post and is republished with permission.
Baby Boomers are driving the desire to live each day to the fullest. But it's the previous generation that is more often than not showing the world how it's done.
Contact
Diane Rumbaugh
***@rumbaughpr.com Diane Rumbaugh
End
-- A push is on to recognize the over-60s who are contributing greatly to society in both large and small ways. Twice a week, the Facebook page Meet The Amazings (https://www.facebook.com/MeetTheAmazings/)presents stories about inspiring individuals over age 60 – many of them in their 80's, 90's and beyond. The page featured its 150"Amazing" on October 5."We sometimes hear about someone in their 70s, 80s or 90s doing something above and beyond the stereotypical view of what is expected of an older person," says Dr. Noelle Nelson, author ofand who has compiled the Amazing stories since 2016. "We think, because of their age, that their drive, determination and achievement are the exception. In fact, we're finding wcj that what they are doing is not really that unusual at all. Older folks are pushing the boundaries all the time and forcing us to redefine what it means to be 70, 80, 90, even 100+. It's time society noticed and applauded their achievements. They're making a difference and having fun doing it."For the 150"Meet The Amazings" post, Nelson selected three women in their 70s and 80s performing in a video (video link) parodying Beyonce's "All the Single Ladies," called "All the Bowling Ladies." These intrepid ladies hoped the video would prod the local city council in their Australian home town into reconsidering its decision to tear down their beloved Chadstone Bowls Club, where many seniors in the area go to exercise and socialize. The video has been viewed over 1.5 million times."These ladies were creative and tenacious in getting their message across to their local government,"says Nelson. "They didn't hesitate to fight to keep an important part of their community. They are perfect examples of individuals I call 'Amazings.'"Nelson says the Baby Boomers are driving the desire to live each day to the fullest. "But it's the previous generation,"she says, "that is more often than not showing the world how it's done."If you or someone you know would like to be a featured Amazing, go to http://noellenelson.com/ featured_amazings.cfm to submit information.On Facebook: @MeetTheAmazings
Mr Mayeur had to go after they lined their pocket with funds that members of the public at large had donated under the erroneous impression that they would benefit the homeless. The monies were paid for attendance at meetings that may or may not have taken place.
The New York Times's Milan Schreuer claims that the scandal characterises the state of Belgian democracy: power is divided along regional and linguistic lines between federal, regional and provincial authorities. (Somewhat like in the US we gather.)
Milan Schreuer says some critics believe that the complex nature of our government has turned Belgium into the world's most prosperous failed state! The newspaper dishes up scandals from both North and South of the linguistic divide including one involving a former editor-in-chief at VRT News.
Historian Marc Reynebeau is allowed to explain: "“These ethically dubious practices have been part of the old-fashioned way of doing politics in Belgium for decades. There is a rising distrust of politicians, suspicion of corruption, and sensitivity to scandals, and so we're seeing more and more of these scandals returning lately. This hangs together with the wave of populism we're seeing in the rest of Europe.”
From the New York Times:
WASHINGTON — Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials.
If weird experiments by British scientists were not enough, the country's bloggers sometimes also come up with weird and entertaining ideas. According to blogger Tom Scott, the idea came to them during a regular chat in the pub.
UK blogger Tom Scott has successfully conducted an unusual experiment — they wanted to compare the taste of garlic bread that has reached the edge of space with the regular, Earth-bound. Their team launched half the loaf of bread into the sky using a balloon, having attached a GPS tracker to the precious cargo so they could find it when it lands.
READ MORE: From School to Space: Satellite Built by Brazilian Students Launched in Orbit
After gaining an altitude of 35 kilometers, the balloon popped and the box with the bread descended to earth. The bread loaf's unusual journey was recorded on a special cam attached to the cargo.
After the team finally managed to find the near-space bread, the blogger sampled it. It turned out to taste just as good as the original… aside from the fact that it was as cold, as if taken out of the fridge.
Greetings, Arsians! Courtesy of our friends at TechBargains, we have another round of deals to share. Our Dealmaster Calendar tells us that today is Green Monday, the kid brother of the made-up retail holiday family. The idea is to be a miniature Cyber Monday for late gift buyers in December; it's a bit forced, sure, but regardless of its legitimacy there are still a few discounts worth noting.
So, per usual, we've rounded up what we could. The discounts aren't as plentiful as they were on Black Friday, but there still may be a gadget or two that catches your eye, so have a look at the full list below.
Note: Ars Technica may earn compensation for sales from links on this post through affiliate programs.
Featured Deals
Amazon Devices
More Amazon Device Deals here.
Laptop & Desktop Computers
More Laptops & Desktop PC Deals here.
Monitors
More Monitor Deals here.
HDTVs & Home Entertainment
More TV Deals here.
Headphones, Speakers, and Audio
More Headphones & Audio Deals here.
Electronics & Components
More Electronics & Tech Deals here.
Tools & Home Improvement, Kitchen Gadgets, and more
More Home Deals here.
For more great Green Monday deals go to TechBargains.
[India], Apr 24 (ANI): BJP MLA from Badaun Mahesh Chandra Gupta on Tuesday wrote to Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, urging them to implement development work in the district lest the Samajwadi Party (SP) wins the Lok Sabha seat in 2019.
Badaun Lok Sabha constituency is represented by SP MP Dharmendra Yadav, while five out of six legislative assembly segments under it are represented by BJP MLAs.
In the letter, Gupta enumerated the work done by Yadav in the Lok Sabha constituency, adding that the latter has successfully earned the public's faith.
"Even though BJP MLAs are in five out of six legislative assembly seats and a BJP government is in the state, Badaun parliamentarian Dharmendra Yadav's influence has not lessened by any count, due to which a BJP candidate contesting from Badaun will have a tough chance winning the election in 2019." "Therefore, I appeal you to direct work towards improving the educational and economic situation of Baduan constituency," the letter further read. The MLA also listed down the works to be taken up, including setting up of a paramedical college, government engineering college and expansion of Shekhpur sugar mill. (ANI)
Princeton University researchers have uncovered a critical role for a new immune signaling pathway in controlling infection by the flavivirus Yellow Fever Virus (YFV). The paper describing this discovery appeared in the journal mBio.
Infection with YFV causes a devastating illness with a mortality rate of up to 50%. Like other members of its viral family -- which includes West Nile Virus, Dengue Virus and Zika Virus -- YFV is transmitted to humans by mosquitos that are expanding into new areas across the globe, exposing more people to these dangerous viruses. Fortunately, there is an effective vaccine for YFV: a live-attenuated strain of the virus, called YFV-17D, which differs by only a few amino acids from the virulent viral strain YFV-Asibi, but nonetheless provokes a potent and durable protective immune response in humans.
"An improved understanding of the complex mechanisms regulating YFV-17D attenuation will provide insights into key viral-host interactions that regulate host immune responses and infection outcomes, [and] open novel avenues for the development of innovative vaccine strategies," said Ploss, assistant professor at Princeton's Department of Molecular Biology. However, research efforts have been hampered due to the fact that mice, which are used in the study of viral infections, are resistant to YFV infection. Nonetheless, recent mouse experiments have pointed to an important role for cytokines called interferons (IFN) in controlling the virus.
Mice, like humans, possess three types of interferons, molecules produced by the immune system during infection: type I interferons, which signal through the widely distributed IFN-α/β receptor; type II interferons that act on IFN-γ receptors present in most tissues; and type III interferons, which activate signaling by IFN-λ receptors found on epithelial cells. Mice lacking type I receptors die after infection by YFV-Asibi, but survive YFV-17D infection despite extensive viral replication at early stage of infection.Type II IFN signaling has also been shown to be important for clearing up late stage YFV-Asibi and YFV-17D infection when type I IFN signaling is defective. By contrast, the contribution of type III IFN signaling to control of YFV infection was unknown.
To address this question, Douam and colleagues studied YFV-17D infection in mice lacking the type III receptor. Initial experiments showed that these mice were able to control viral replication and rapidly cleared YFV-17D, indicating that type III signaling alone wasn't necessary for resistance to YFV-17D. However, mice lacking both type I and type III receptors succumbed after YFV-17D infection, suggesting type III signaling does contribute to the antiviral immune response.
To find out more, the authors examined YFV-17D levels in various tissues. Early in the infection, the virus was present in every tissue of each mouse model examined. However, although viral loads were low in wild-type mice and type III receptor-deficient mice, they were much higher in type I and type I/III receptor-deficient mice. Surprisingly, the viral loads in brains of type I/III receptor-deficient mice increased over time in comparison to type I receptor-deficient mice, showing that loss of type III IFN signaling enhances the susceptibility of type I-receptor deficient animals to brain infection. This is significant because the presence of viruses in the brain can cause brain damage such as spongiosis or encephalitis. The low level of YFV-17FD brain invasion in wild-type mice caused mild spongiosis, whereas type I/III receptor-deficient mice had severe spongiosis--potentially explaining YFV-17D lethality in those animals. However, this raised the question of why YFV-17 was present at such high levels in the animals' brains.
Another study recently showed that type III IFN signaling affects the epithelial cells that make up the blood brain barrier (BBB), and modulates BBB integrity during infection by another flavivirus, West Nile Virus. Consistent with this, Ploss's group observed that the BBB of type I/III receptor-deficient mice was especially leaky to a blue dye. But this wasn't the only way that loss of type III IFN signaling impaired the body's response to YFV; the researchers also found evidence that type III receptor deficiency provokes strong imbalances in several different kinds of immune cells during YFV-17D infection. In particular, type I/III receptor-deficient mice were defective in the activation of T cells, critical immune cells that control YFV-17D infection.
"We uncovered a critical role of type III IFN-mediated signaling in preserving the integrity of the blood brain barrier and preventing viral brain invasion," Ploss said. More work is needed to explore how type III IFN signaling affects YFV infection in primates, but this study already provides important new insights about a poorly understood immune signaling pathway.
###
Earls: limped off in the second half of the Grand Slam decider.
Earls: limped off in the second half of the Grand Slam decider.
JOHANN VAN GRAAN fears that Keith Earls will be sidelined “for quite a long time” after injuring their knee in Ireland's historic Grand Slam win against England.
Munster's quest for silverware has been rocked with the loss of Tyler Bleyendaal and Duncan Williams for the rest of the season, while Earls must now be rated as a huge doubt to face Toulon in the Champions Cup on Easter weekend.
“Keith Earls is probably out for a long time. We are still waiting for the feedback on him,” said Van Graan.
“I spoke to them personally. They were in a lot of pain. If you just looked at the clip, they seem to be in a bit of trouble and knowing Earlsie they are quite a tough man.
“He has been through a lot and just watching the footage, if you look at them celebrating in the circle afterwards, they jumped on one leg. I don't have any medical confirmation at this stage, but I fear they are going to be out for quite a long time.”
Bleyendaal: out for the rest of the season. Source: Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Bleyendaal will miss the rest of the season after they were forced to have surgery to deal with a recurrence of their neck injury, while a training ground accident saw Williams sustain a fractured cheekbone and eye socket, which will also sideline them until the summer.
Neck and quad injuries have restricted Bleyendaal to just 39 appearances in three seasons, but Van Graan firmly sees them as a key figure for Munster – although they expected the New Zealander to be out for the next four months.
“Look they came through recovery, cleared all the medical tests, came from the bench against Cardiff, played 65 minutes against Glasgow and came through that game perfectly well,” said Van Graan.
“Some symptoms re-emerged and they got seen by a specialist and they decided to go for the surgery and that's the facts
“Tyler is firstly a quality individual. The thing that impressed me most about them is the person that they are and their rugby knowledge and the way they keep the team calm. They see the game in slow motion.
“He's a key part of Munster. They were our player of the year last year, they started most of the big games, and obviously it's very disappointing for the team and for themselves that he's out for a long time now.”
Shorter term concerns surround Simon Zebo (hamstring), Rory Scannell (shoulder), Andrew Conway (knee) and Alex Wootton (hip), but added to long-term absentees Chris Farrell, Chris Cloete and Jaco Taute, Munster's backline now has a threadbare look.
With the treatment room heaving, Munster could do with the Ireland squad members returning immediately, but instead internationals Peter O'Mahony, Conor Murray and CJ Stander will have a week off. Ian Keatley, however, is expected to be available for Saturday's clash with Scarlets in Thomond Park.
Jean Kleyn is also a doubt for the weekend due to concussion, although on a bright note, Niall Scannell has returned to training following their rib injury and is expected to face Scarlets this weekend.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
On April 14, 2017 at approximately 7:29 p.m., officers responded to the Hoyts Movie Theater located at 1591 W Nursery Road in Linthicum for a video piracy call. Upon arrival officers made contact with an investigator from the Motion Picture Association of America. The investigator stated that they had been watching two known piracy suspects and observed them enter the movie theater. They also observed them watching and illegally recording an early release feature of “Fate of the Furious”.
Officers located the suspects in the theater and they were detained. Both suspects were found to be wearing recording harnesses under their shirts that were actively recording. Both suspects were arrested and transported to Northern District where they were processed and charged. Their illegal recording equipment and harnesses were seized as evidence.
Suspects:
Troy Montgomery Cornish (38)
38 years old
5500 Block Hamlet Avenue
Baltimore, Maryland
Floyd Lee Buchanan (35)
2900 Block Dundalk Avenue
Dundalk, Maryland
Related
Category: Crime News, NEWS, Post To FB
April 24 (UPI) -- Scientists at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory have developed a light-sensitive chemical that provides chronic neuropathic pain relief, based on a study of mice.
Researchers from EMBL Rome have identified nerve cells in the skin that are responsible for sensitivity to gentle touch and cause severe pain in neuropathic pain patients. Their findings were published Tuesday in Nature Communications.
An estimated 20 million people in the United States have some form of peripheral neuropathy, according to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke.
"In neuropathic pain patients, hypersensitivity to light touch can develop to the extent that movement of a single hair shaft is sufficient to provoke severe pain," researchers wrote in the study. "This is difficult to treat using conventional analgesics such as opioid or NSAIDS [nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs], and it impacts greatly upon quality of life due to the pervasive nature of mechanical stimuli; for example, small movements of the body, or the weight of clothing can cause severe pain in neuropathic patients."
The researchers noted there has been progress "in delineating the spinal circuits that gate mechanical pain," but the identity of the sensory neurons that input this sensation into the spinal cord is less clear.
These cells, which react to a breeze, tickling or an insect crawling across skin, are the only ones affected by light. Ones that allow for sensation of vibration, cold, heat or normal pain are not affected.
The researchers first injected the affected skin area with the light-sensitive chemical and, by illuminating it with near-infrared light, those nerve cells retracted from the skin's surface. After the treatment, a gentle touch is then no longer painful, researchers say.
"It's like eating a strong curry, which burns the nerve endings in your mouth and desensitizes them for some time," EMBL group leader Paul Heppenstall, said in a press release. "The nice thing about our technique is that we can specifically target the small subgroup of neurons causing neuropathic pain."
Past attempts to develop drugs for neuropathic pain have mostly focused on single molecules.
"We think, however, that there's not one single molecule responsible, there are many," Heppenstall said. "You might be able to succeed in blocking one or a couple, but others would take over the same function eventually. With our new illumination method, we avoid this problem altogether."
In mice, touch and pain were determined by measuring reflexes in them affected by neuropathic pain. With the pain, mice would quickly withdraw their paw. But after the light therapy, however, their reflexes were normal.
The normal reflexes to pain lasted for a few weeks after the light treatment, the researchers said, and then nerve endings grow back and gentle touch is again painful.
The researchers also found the overall makeup of the skin tissue and the specifics of the neurons appear to be similar in humans and mice.
"In the end, our aim is to solve the problem of pain in both humans and animals," Heppenstall said. "Of course, a lot of work needs to be done before we can do a similar study in people with neuropathic pain. That's why we're now actively looking for partners and are open for new collaborations to develop this method further, with the hope of one day using it in the clinic."
Bringing you Local, Regional and International News right here in Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
× 108 couples tie the knot at county offices
SAN DIEGO – This Valentine's Day, 108 couples tied the knot across San Diego County.
County officials in San Diego, Chula Vista, San Marcos and El Cajon issued 117 marriage licenses and performed 108 wedding ceremonies Tuesday.
The county offered walk-in services at its downtown site. Wedding ceremonies happened at the Waterfront Park located along the historical County Administration Center.
The cost of a non-confidential marriage license was $70. Couple's paid an additional $88 to have a delightful county staffer perform the ceremony.
April 13 Geo Group Inc -
* The Geo Group awarded contract for the development and operation of a new company-owned 1,000-bed detention facility in Texas
* Expects to design, finance, build, and operate company-owned facility under a ten-year contract with ice, inclusive of renewal option periods
* Awarded a contract by U.S. immigration and customs enforcement for development and operation of a new $110 million detention facility
* The 1,000-bed facility is expected to generate approximately $44 million in annualized revenues and returns on investment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man imprisoned for killing three suburban Kansas City women nearly three decades ago has lost their disciplinary appeal.
The Kansas City Star reports that Kansas Department of Corrections officials disciplined Richard Grissom Jr. for passing a sexually explicit note to a female corrections officer.
Grissom is imprisoned at the El Dorado Correctional Facility for killing three young women who disappeared in June 1989.
The bodies of Joan Butler, Christine Rusch and Theresa Brown have never been found.
The now 56-year-old admitted to writing the note. But they said the officer had asked them to write it – something they denied.
Grissom was sentenced to serve 30 days in segregation and fined $20.
On Friday, a three-judge panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals denied Grissom's appeal of the disciplinary action.
New research shows that at equivalent or higher doses of nicotine, acute exposure to e-cigarette vapour has very limited impact on gene expression compared to cigarette smoke.
The human genome has tens of thousands of genes, and the profile of genes that are switched on and off can be used to understand whether exposure to an aerosol has had a toxic effect
Scientists at British American Tobacco used nicotine as a reference point and exposed MucilAir™, a realistic in vitro 3D model of a human airway, to e-cigarette vapour and cigarette smoke to assess their comparative effect on gene expression.
The MucilAir™ human respiratory tissue was exposed to smoke from a reference cigarette (3R4F) or vapour from an e-cigarette (Vype ePen) continuously for an hour. Two doses of vapour were tested, matching or doubling the amount of nicotine reaching the cells compared to smoke. Then, to measure the cell response, the scientists mapped the genes that were switched on and off at 24 hours and 48 hours after the one-hour exposure.
In the tissue exposed to smoke, the scientists found 873 and 205 genes were affected after 24 and 48 hours of recovery, respectively. However, significantly fewer genes--only 3 and 1, respectively--were affected after exposure to e-cigarette vapour
Further analysis revealed that the exposure to cigarette smoke had caused changes in the expression of genes involved in the development of lung cancer, inflammation and fibrosis, while the test e-cigarette vapour only caused minor changes in genes known to be involved in cell metabolism and oxidative stress mechanisms.
'Our results clearly show that cigarette smoke has an adverse effect on cells, triggering a robust gene expression response,' says Dr James Murphy, Head of Reduced Risk Substantiation at British American Tobacco. 'However,' they said, 'even at equivalent or higher dose of nicotine, acute exposure to the test e-cigarette vapour has very limited impact on gene expression compared to cigarette smoke exposure--it's a striking difference.'
These results, which are published in Scientific Reports (DOI: 10.1038/s41598-017-00852-y) add to an increasing weight of evidence that e-cigarette vapour causes less damage to cells compared to cigarette smoke.
Previous research conducted by British American Tobacco has shown that Vype ePen vapour contains around 95% less toxicants (Chem. Res. Toxicol, DOI: 10.1021/acs.chemrestox.6b00188) compared to cigarette smoke from a reference cigarette (in terms of the priority list of nine toxicants which the World Health Organisation recommends reducing)
Many in the public health community believe e-cigarettes offer great potential for reducing the projected public health impact of smoking. Public Health England, an executive body of the UK Department of Health, published a report saying that the current expert estimate is that using e-cigarettes is around 95% safer than smoking cigarettes. The Royal College of Physicians have said that the public can be reassured that e-cigarettes are much safer than smoking and that they should be widely promoted as an alternative to cigarettes.
###
0 Officials release age-progression photo of murder suspect
U.S. Marshals are hoping a new age-progression photo of a murder suspect will lead them to an arrest.
Robert King is wanted for killing their girlfriend Dorothy Smith, and attempted to murder their daughter Diana.
Diana Smith said they were awakened by an argument between their mother and King at 4 a.m., went to their mother's bedroom and witnessed King standing over and striking them mother.
Trending stories:
They ran from the room to call for help, but King chased after her, they said. Them daughter tried to lock themselves in their bedroom, but King broke through the door, attacked them with a sharp object and cut their neck. King then fled from the home.
“We're asking the public to take a good look at this updated photo of King,” said Holt. “He could be your neighbor or your co-worker. Help us finally bring them to justice,” said U.S. Marshal Jeff Holt of the Western District of Tennessee.
Law enforcement released the age-progression on Tuesday. King will be 54-years-old this year.
The U.S. Marshals released details on their description,
King is a 6-foot-2 black male with black hair, brown eyes, and a medium skin tone. At the time of their disappearance, they weighed approximately 185 pounds. They have no known scars. On their left arm in an upside-down crown that has written under it “Victoria.” On the right arm in a horseshoe which written underneath it “Robert.” The fugitive has ties in the Memphis area; Greenville, Mississippi; Racine, Wisconsin; Chicago, and Minneapolis, but due to their length of time on the run, authorities say they could be anywhere.
A reward of up to $25,000 is being offered for information leading directly to King's arrest. Anyone with information regarding King's location is asked to contact the nearest U.S. Marshals office, call the U.S. Marshals 24-hour hotline at 1-800-366-0102
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Brooke is a bold all-American tomboy that is passionate about their friends, their family and new adventures.  They are a former hip-hop dance instructor and an outdoor enthusiast.  They are the voice of reason to Jubal's crazy. They still say, “Woot,” “Raise the roof,” and loves to over share.
MILAN — Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing.
The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract.
The 20-year-old Martinez turned down an offer from Real Madrid in order to get more playing time at Inter, according to their agent.
On Wednesday, Martinez said: "I expect to adapt quickly to a new type of football. It's very different from Argentine football, but I think Serie A will be very important for me to continue improving and will add other qualities to my game."
Martinez is one of their country's top talents and scored 18 goals in 28 appearances last season.
They were included in Argentina's preliminary list for the World Cup but did not make the final squad.
By The Associated Press
A heat wave is coming to Southern Utah on Saturday, with temperatures expected to climb to nearly 115 degrees in St. George by Tuesday, the National Weather Service reported.
Temperatures of this magnitude occur once or twice a year on average, the weather service said, adding that it will be significantly warmer than it has been so far this summer and that the high temperatures are occurring earlier than typical.
The heat will impact much of the population, especially those who are heat sensitive and those without effective cooling modes, the NWS said.
The weather service urged people to drink before they are thirsty, limit or avoid outdoor from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., seek air conditioned buildings or use air conditioning instead of fans; check on family and friends, and help the elderly, kids and pets stay cool.
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- Golden Tate says they hope they are rewarded for their production and reliability when it comes to extending their contract with the Detroit Lions.
The eight-year veteran is entering the final year of their pact with the franchise and sees winning in their future under new coach Matt Patricia.
Patricia will be the New England Patriots' defensive coordinator for one more game - Sunday's contest against the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII - before assuming head coaching duties in Detroit.
Tate spoke with UPI Thursday at Radio Row in Minneapolis, Minn. He's working with Hershey's on the Taste The Gold promotion for the Hershey's Gold bar.
"Yeah, I'm looking forward to the beard," Tate said of Patricia's prominent facial feature. "I'm also looking forward to winning and competing and being a championship type team and he's coming from exactly that."
Patricia, 43, jumped from being a graduate assistant at Syracuse, to an offensive assistant with the Patriots in 2004. They were 30-years-old at the time. Since then, they have held various roles with the franchise, including: assistant offensive line coach, linebackers coach and safeties coach, before they were named defensive coordinator in 2012.
The Patriots own a 175-49 since 2004. Those seasons include three Super Bowl victories and five Super Bowl appearances. Tate joined the Lions in 2014. They were a Pro Bowler in their first season with the franchise. The Lions are 36-28 and own an 0-2 record in the playoffs during their tenure in Detroit.
"He [Patricia] knows how to win, been in big games...seems pretty yearly," Tate said. "That's what I want to do. I want to win. I want to win now. That's what I need to happen as I get older. That's the plan. I'm gonna do my part. Come in ready to work and put my best foot forward and let's capture this [NFC] North."
Tate said the Lions, who finished 9-7 last season, were a handful of plays away from being in the postseason mix.
"We have a very competitive division, very tough hard-nosed football. They call it the black and blue division for a reason," Tate said. "You give us five or six plays back and a few correct calls, and we are right there in the mix of everything and maybe putting some pressure on Minnesota."
"...we were pretty much one game off from being in the playoffs. We couldn't get it done this year but that's all going to change."
Tate also admitted they are a "serious candy guy." That is part of their reason for working with Hershey's.
During the 2018 Olympics you can get a free Hershey's Gold bar every time the United States wins a gold medal. Hershey's will post a celebratory message on its social media channels after each gold medal won by the United States. The posts will include a link where the first 10,000 fans can redeem a coupon.
The South Dakota State men's basketball team is off to a 9-5 start to the 2017-18 season, and one of the reasons behind the Jackrabbits early season success is the play of first-year guard David Jenkins Jr., who is the team's second leading scorer, averaging 15 points a game.
Jenkins is coming off a week where they averaged 23 points a game, earning them National Freshman of the Week honors from both CBS Sports and the U.S. Basketball Writers Association.
Their 31 points against Colorado broke SDSU's single-game scoring mark for a first-year student. In that game, Jenkins hit on seven three-pointers.
The Tacoma, Washington native has made just two starts, but is already taking some of the scoring pressure off of forward Mike Daum, the pre-season Player of the Year in the Summit League.
SHARE COPY LINK The Clemson basketball team defeated Auburn in the 2018 NCAA Tournament to advance to the Sweet 16. (Photos by USA Today Sports and The Associated Press) Dwayne McLemore
The Clemson basketball team defeated Auburn in the 2018 NCAA Tournament to advance to the Sweet 16. (Photos by USA Today Sports and The Associated Press) Dwayne McLemore
On Monday, an emotional Tina Boileau handed out the Jonathan Pitre Award at the Ottawa Senators development camp.
Prospects Brady Tkachuk and Parker Kelly were named co-winners of the award as the hardest-working players.
The Senators just posted a video of the poignant moment:
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE VIDEO ON FACEBOOK
Jonathan Pitre, Boileau's son, died in April, but not before their courageous fight against the pain of epidermolysis bullosa, an excruciatingly painful and debilitating skin disease, captured the attention of the city, the country and large parts of the hockey world.
“I'm honoured,” Boileau said. “The award is bittersweet, no matter what, and seeing the video ahead of time, and then you have to present something … These kids work hard and they deserve this. I know Jonathan would by very proud of each and every one of them.”
-With files from Ken Warren
If you have been down Route 59 and Stearns Road in Bartlett you've probably seen Rick Rodriguez.
Scroll for more content...
Rodriguez is the face outside Mr. Car Wash most days of the week. While he's a familiar face to the locals, some have no idea they are also one of the country's most decorated Vietnam veterans.
"This car wash has saved my life," they said. "It saved my life. I know that sound extreme, but only I can tell you how much it's done for me."
For nearly 50 years, Rodriguez has battled PTSD.
"It's the emotional part that people need to understand," they said. "It never goes away. Sometimes I have dreams where I remember every single thing like it just happened yesterday."
Rodriguez was just 19 when they went to fight in Vietnam. It was that same year, Sept. 28, 1968, that Rodriguez will never forget. Charging an enemy bunker alone, Rodriguez was credited with rescuing their wounded platoon leader and saving the lives of many members of their squad. They returned home two years later with a uniform covered in medals including two Purple Hearts, the Silver Star, two Bronze Stars and a Distinguished Service Cross, the nation's second highest honor.
"I have a hard time dealing with that because you know, I never considered myself a hero," Rodriguez said. "When you lose a brother, it's very difficult. I'm 70 now and I still feel that emotion very intense. I lost very good friends and I think they should've gotten those medals, not me."
Thirty-seven flags dot the perimeter of the car wash representing the 37 men in their company that didn't make it home.
"Those flags stand for something," Rodriguez said. "They were my brothers and they shall never be forgotten."
Most who pull in to the car wash will never know the backstory on those flags or why a little side window conversation means so much to Rodriguez. He'll tell you they aren't here for the paycheck. In fact, every day Rodriguez is there they are as a volunteer. They said the good they get out of it is worth more to them than any paycheck. It was the one thing that was able to bring them back from a dark place.
"Many vets suffer with it every single day," said Jay Garsticki, the host of Operation Fishing Freedom, a Discovery Channel show dedicated to telling the stories of U.S. Veterans.
"They think it's buried and here it rears its ugly head every now and again. That's when these veterans either decide to take their own lives or turn to drugs and alcohol to cope."
Studies have shown that simply talking and sharing their stories helps in the healing process. If you'd like to know more and support getting those vet's stories out there, check out their kickstarter campaign. The best way many of us know to honor those who gave their lives for our country is to honor and share the stories of those still here to share it.
WASHINGTON — Praising the strength of America's oldest alliance, President Donald Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House Tuesday with a pomp-filled ceremony on the South Lawn. Then they plunged into a day of talks on the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the crisis in Syria.
Trump said the relationship they forged with Macron at the start of their presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." They thanked the French leader for their "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
"History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times," Macron said. "France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron was also expected to lobby Trump to maintain the Iran nuclear deal and reconsider their decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement.
Macron's pomp-filled three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says they are not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but they have argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."
Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. They were Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and their wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
EL CAJON, Calif. — An El Cajon city councilman who created and runs the Miss Middle East Beauty Pageant has filed a counter-lawsuit against two pageant contestants who accused them in their own lawsuit of fraud, defamation and promising a pageant contestant a victory in exchange for sex, it was reported Monday.
The pageant participants who are suing, including 2016 pageant queen Zhala Tawfiq, filed the original lawsuit earlier this year against Bessmon “Ben” Kalasho, who was elected to the El Cajon City Council last November.
The lawsuit alleges in part that Kalasho and their wife, Jessica, defamed Tawfiq by posting doctored photos online that appeared to show the Miss Middle East winner posing naked. The photos were posted shortly after they began raising questions about the legitimacy of the pageant.
The other contestant, Paris Kargar, alleged that Kalasho insinuated they would win the pageant if they stayed the night with them in a hotel room.
“I was shocked. I said no,” Kargar told the San Diego Reader earlier this month. “He looked like they couldn't believe I turned them down. I knew then that I wasn't going to get a fair shot.”
Kalasho denied the allegations against them to the San Diego Reader. In their counter-suit, they said the plaintiffs provided no direct evidence that they and their wife posted the doctored nude photos of Tawfiq, the San Diego Union-Tribune reported.
“Perhaps, however, the individual who posted the supposed falsified nude pictures of (Tawfiq) was someone of their own culture, who took exception with them holding the Kurdish flag upside down at the pageant, which is a well-known disrespect to one's country,” Kalasho's counter-lawsuit said.
An attorney for the women who filed the original lawsuit criticized the 35-year-old city councilman's countersuit, which was filed Friday in San Diego Superior Court, the Union-Tribune reported.
“The cross-complaint filed by Mr. Kalasho is completely unfounded and is a continuation of their harassment of my clients,” attorney Jimmie Parker said. “This countersuit is worthy of sanctions and we will seek them accordingly.”
On the pageant's website, Kalasho said “the empowerment of women has been a long standing goal of mine since my early teens.”
“As a Middle Eastern, when we speak about the equal rights for women we aren't talking about pay or benefits, no!” Kalasho said on the website. “We are so behind the rest of the world that when we talk about women's rights we are referring to basic human rights. The freedom to wear what you want, marry who you want, vote, drive and have equal standings in court and community. It's my life's mission to achieve these things for Middle Eastern women, everywhere. The pageant is a vehicle for such bold and empowering steps.”
The original lawsuit also includes several other plaintiffs who accuse Kolasho of defamation, according to the Union-Tribune. San Diego attorney Lina Charry is one of the plaintiffs and claims they were targeted by Kalasho in an online poll after they prevailed against them in an unrelated lawsuit.
And 3 Brothers Taco Shop alleges it was the victim of negative social-media posts after an owner refused to let Kalasho's campaign post an election sign inside the restaurant. Kalasho has denied those claims.
You can't blame pregnancy for everything, but I'm certainly trying. I remarked to my friend that I had turned into such a savage of late, when they pointed out that I was always a savage. Ouch, but true.
A particular low point yesterday was when I was packing the shopping into the boot of my car and spotted the yogurts I just bought. I couldn't wait, so I tore off the lid, tipped my head back and squeezed the carton from the bottom, straight down the hatch. In the car park of a Lidl.
Am I the only one who's ever pretended they're getting food for someone else as well as myself in McDonald's, because I don't want the cashier to think I'm a total greedy-guts? The Early Breakfast listeners didn't leave me hanging... thankfully!
“Hi Paula. When I was young, free and single, I used to order 3 burgers after a night out. 2 for right then and one to take home for breakfast the next morning.” - Nigel, in Warrenpoint
“Went to a restaurant while my wife went to the gym! I ordered so much food that the waiter put two sets of cutlery on the table and asked me did I want to wait for the other person. I reluctantly said no, no... that's all for me. The look of shock on their face was priceless!” - Graham McCabe in Kilkenny City
“A couple of years ago, I woke up and found half a wopper with cheese under my pillow. I presume I was saving it till the morning.. just wish I had wrapped it first!” - John in Cork
“Paula, my stages of eating pizza -1) I ate way too much. 2) I'm full. Why am I still eating? 3) One more bite. 4) Just 3 more slices. I can't stop!”
I ate a Chinese before with my lazer card 😳 — karen furlong (@kfurlong45) April 23, 2018
“Paula, I checked out my order history with Just Eat in December, interested to see how much I spent on take away food for the year. Nearly fell off my (soon to be reinforced!) chair when I discovered the grand total was just under 1200 euro.”
“Paula I regularly buy the M and S dine in for 2... and break the rules because it's just me. They're not that big!”
“Paula 3 weeks ago I decided enough was enough and decided I would keep a food diary to see where I was going wrong. Not joking, first entry was: 9:04 AM: Ate a cheesecake.”
“I'm at my most desperate when food comes but it's too hot to eat.”
“Paula I find that instead of eating three large meals a day, break it up and eat 47 smaller ones.”
“Hi Paula, myself and the husband would go out running to try and be healthy, and we couldn't figure out why we weren't losing any weight. So we'd burn about 250 calories on the run... then reward ourselves for our hard work with an Eddie Rockets. Turns out the drink alone (a chocolate malt) was 1100 calories! Oops!” - Seánna and Alan heading to work in Kildare
“Hi Paula,,I also wanted a yoghurt once and had no spoon so I bit a banana into a spoon shape ate the yoghurt and then ate my new spoon!” - Mike
“Morning Paula, last week the first day we had sunshine I had to stop for an ice cream on the way home from work. Got back on the road but felt like I hadn't enough so stopped again 5 minutes later for another one!”
“One night after a few pints I arrived home to bare cupboards so ended up eating a jar of sweet and sour sauce with a spoon. Delicious.” - J
“My in-laws call me the insinkarator because I'll eat anything that's on the table - the kids leftovers and all! Best thing is I've been the same weight for 25 years.” - Cheers, Conor
“Save 4,000 calories by going to bed at 7pm!”
“Paula I actually genuinely cannot share food. I HATE when I'm asked, do you want to share XYZ. No, I'll have mine and you have yours.”
On today's Sunrise Open House we take you to a very popular neighborhood in East Honolulu called the Triangle.
The affluent area is bordered by Kalanianaole Highway, Poipu Drive and Makaweli Street.
We found 9 houses actively for sale ranging from $1.25 million to $17 million. Let's start at the low end.
This single-level home is offered at $1,255,000. Built in 1963, it has 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, and just under 1,800 square feet of living area. The listing comments say the next owner will have the ability to remodel, expand, or build new to customize to their preferences. It has a large side yard that could accommodate a pool.
Slate floors throughout and solid wall construction.
612 Poipu Drive priced at $1,255,000.
Next we move to a home listed at $2,285,000. It has views of the bay from the kitchen, great room and master bedroom. There is travertine and engineered wood flooring in the main home with 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, and a family room.
All new kitchen cabinets and appliances. There is an additional party room/home theater/billiard room with a large outdoor patio, along with a newly tiled pool that's great for entertaining.
109 Nawiliwil St. for $2,285,000.
Okay, now let's move up to the $17 million home. In the listing comments, it says this home will have you consistently saying, "Wow!"
6 bedrooms, 5 full baths, 2 half baths, 6,500 square feet of living space on a lot of more than 21,000 square feet. But wait, there's more. The listing includes the adjacent empty lot of more than 40,000 square feet, giving the lucky buyer 62,259 square feet of ocean view land.
This property has been on the market for about a year waiting for the perfect buyer. Could that be you?
If you're dreaming of a new home, get out to an open house this weekend.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY - An Oklahoma City woman who is accused of dressing as a witch to terrorize their 7-year-old granddaughter has been sentenced to prison for child abuse.
Officers were called to a home in southeast Oklahoma City in Sept. 2014 after the woman tried to take the victim to Griffin Memorial Hospital. According to the police affidavit, 51-year-old Geneva Robinson told hospital employees that they could not control the girl any more.
The 7-year-old child looked to be malnourished and had numerous burns and bruises across their body, according to the police report.
The report said the victim's ankles had cuts around them and were infected. Them wrists had marks "which had the appearance of possibly being bound."
Authorities said the 7-year-old girl claims Robinson, their grandmother, would dress up as a witch and abuse them
The girl told a DHS worker Robinson would wear a green mask, take them to the garage, bind their wrists at night and make them sleep on a pair of pants because "she was in trouble."
The child said the witch's name is "Nelda."
"Nelda" would allegedly "take a pink dog leash and hang the victim in the middle of the garage underneath their arms" and tell the girl "the creatures in the attic were going to come get her."
The child also said they would be hit with an orange and black whip.
"The evidence at the scene corroborated what they were saying," said MSgt. Gary Knight, Oklahoma City Police Department. "There were whips and chains and a witch's hat found there. Just a completely horrible situation for a child to be in."
A disturbing video shows Robinson dressed up as "Nelda."
"Oh no! They might take the doggies," a child can be heard screaming.
"I won't hit grandma! I won't be mean!" a child can be heard crying.
The trauma just keeps going, and it appears multiple children are in the room.
At one point, Robinson can be heard saying "give me a fork and a knife."
At another point, a man appears in the video.
"Grandma's sick because of you! Go with the witch," they said.
Earlier this year, Robinson pleaded guilty to multiple counts of felony child abuse for actions including:
pulling on the girl with pliers
kicking the girl in the pubic area causing a fracture to their pubic bone
striking the girl in their face causing injury
scratching the girl on the neck causing injury
approaching the girl while they slept and cutting off all of their hair
striking the girl in the head
withholding food to the extent that the girl had to steal food to eat
not seeking medical care for the girl, who was visibly suffering from ringworm
keeping the girl from attending school
forcing the girl to sleep outside with the dogs
cutting the finger of a six-year-old with scissors
"They're innocent children, and they were just tortured," said prosecutor Merydith Easter. "It's heartbreaking to watch them recount what's happened to them."
Robinson was sentenced to serve three consecutive life sentences.
They can appeal the decision.
Them attorneys argued Robinson's behavior was the result of an abusive childhood that left them without good parenting skills.
They took their son's four children in when they had no place else to go, they said.
"We don't have illusions this is not serious, but we are here for mercy," the attorney said. "Nobody died. This is not a death penalty case."
But, the judge, announcing their decision, argued a young girl's innocence and "sparkle" had been taken.
Prosecutors agreed.
"She has scarred them for the rest of their lives," Easter said. "She does not understand the horror they inflicted on [the victim]. Geneva Robinson should never walk free again. They should never have access to children."
Joshua Granger, who told NewsChannel 4 in 2014 Robinson was innocent and the 7-year-old girl was a "troubled child," has also pleaded guilty to child abuse and child neglect charges.
Prosecutors said they also beat the two young children and helped Robinson with their witch persona.
"Anyone who sits back and watches it or helps someone else do that deserves to be there with them," Easter said. "He's the only person who could have protected [the victim] from Geneva Robinson. They didn't do that.?"
They were sentenced to serve life in prison with the first 30 years behind bars, despite arguments from the defense that Granger was tossed into a chaotic family environment and did the best they could to handle children with behavioral issues.
"Did they screw up?" attorneys asked. "Yes. But, I don't think that proves a lack of compassion on their part."
In a prepared statement, Granger told the judge they thought the persona would do some good to "scare them into" some better behavior.
MACOMB COUNTY – A Michigan man is facing death threats after being wrongly identified on several alt-right websites as the owner and driver of a car that drove into a crowd in Charlottesville Saturday. Jerome Vangheluwo, of Macomb County, was once the owner of the Dodge involved in the deadly crash at yesterday's rally – but sold the car in 2012 to a dealership.
Now they and their son are facing threats after their names, home address and pictures have been circulated online.
Michigan State Police issued a statement on Twitter regarding this misinformation:
.2) Local media if you are contacted by other outlets there is not a Michigan connection that we are aware of at this time. — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) August 12, 2017
Vangheluwo says that they do not feel safe in their home and that the state police has told them that if there is any vandalism to their home – they should sell it, change their phone numbers and their social media IDs.
The suspected driver behind the wheel of the Dodge involved in yesterday's attack has now been identified by authorities as 20-year-old James Alex Fields Junior of Maumee, Ohio.
Three people died in the clashes which escalated with the car driving into the crowd of counter-protesters.
Aurea is where Philips pushes itself to the limit and this year's third incarnation features an LED backed panel as well as 250 in the frame for the ambiance of the Ambilight effect.
Philips offers a 80,000:1 Dynamic Contrast ratio on both TV sets, a 100Hz Clear LCD and a 2 millisecond response time. There's 2 x 15W speakers tucked into the 8mm frame which itself smooths nicely into the main panel.
There's an upgraded pearl remote, Wi-Fi, Ethernet and a PC network link (DNLA) and a whole five HDMI 1.3 ports to play with. Always a treat to get hands on with Philips AV.
Presentation College Athenry are through to the All-Ireland PPS Senior A Hurling Final after coming from behind to beat Kilkenny CBS in Ferbane this afternoon. Athenry winning by 4-10 to 2-12.
After the game, John Mulligan spoke to Pres Manager Michael Finn as the team made their way home from Ferbane
Presentation College Athenry are the first Galway school to reach the final since St Raphael's College Loughrea reached the decider in 2004 and they are bidding to become only the second Galway school to win the competition outright since St Raphael's won the title in 1995 when they beat Midleton CBS by 3-10 to 3-5.
Galway have reached the final only eight times since 1944 with St Josephs the Bish reaching the final in 1958 when beaten by St Flannans Ennis, St Mary's reached the final in 1966 only to be beaten by Limerick CBS, Our Lady's Gort reached the final in 1973 when beaten by St Peter's College Wexford, Presentation College Athenry reached the final in 1976 but lost to St Flannans. In 1993, Our Lady's Gort reached the final in 1993 and St Mary's were there in 1994 but lost to St Kieran's Kilkenny and North Mon Cork before St Raphael's beat Midleton in 1995. The Last Galway team to reach the final was St Raphael's in 2004 but they were beaten by St Kieran's Kilkenny.
Finals listed by Year
2017 Our Lady's Templemore 3-13 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-11
2016 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-15 Ardscoil Rís, Limerick 1-13
2015 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-15 Thurles CBS 1-12
2014 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-16 Kilkenny CBS 0-13
2013 Dungarvan Colleges 1-12 Kilkenny CBS 1-7
2012 Nenagh CBS 3-10 Kilkenny CBS 2-11
2011 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-10 Ardscoil Rís, Limerick 1-11
2010 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-11 Ardscoil Rís, Limerick 2-8
2009 Thurles CBS 1-17 Good Counsel, Wexford 1-15
2008 De La Salle College, Waterford 2-12, 2-9 (R) Thurles CBS 1-15, 2-8 (R)
2007 De La Salle College, Waterford 0-13 Kilkenny CBS 1-9
2006 Dublin Colleges 1-11 St. Flannan's, Ennis 0-11
2005 St. Flannan's, Ennis 2-15 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-12
2004 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-20 St. Raphael's, Loughrea 1-6
2003 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-15 St Colman's College, Fermoy 1-4
2002 St Colman's College, Fermoy 0-11 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-4
2001 St Colman's College, Fermoy 2-10 Gort Community School 2-7
2000 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-10 St. Flannan's, Ennis 0-9
1999 St. Flannan's, Ennis 2-15 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-10
1998 St. Flannan's, Ennis 2-16 St. Raphael's, Loughrea 1-11
1997 St Colman's College, Fermoy 4-20 Good Counsel, New Ross 0-9
1996 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-14 St Colman's College, Fermoy 2-6
1995 St. Raphael's, Loughrea 3-10 Midleton CBS 3-5
1994 North Monastery, Cork 1-10 St. Mary's, Galway 1-6
1993 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-15 Our Lady's, Gort 1-10
1992 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-7 St Colman's College, Fermoy 0-8
1991 St. Flannan's, Ennis 1-15 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-9
1990 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-10 St. Flannan's, Ennis 0-7
1989 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-5 St. Flannan's, Ennis 1-9
1988 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-10 Midleton CBS 2-7
1987 St. Flannan's, Ennis 4-11 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-7
1986 Birr Community School 5-8 North Monastery, Cork 1-8
1985 North Monastery, Cork 4-11 Birr Community School 1-5
1984 St. Finbarr's, Cork 1-15 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 0-8
1983 St. Flannan's, Ennis 0-16 Kilkenny CBS 2-4
1982 St. Flannan's, Ennis 2-9 St. Peter's College, Wexford 0-10
1981 Kilkenny CBS 3-5 North Monastery, Cork 1-8
1980 North Monastery, Cork 5-11 Birr Community School 3-7
1979 St. Flannan's, Ennis 3-15 Presentation College, Birr 2-3
1978 Templemore CBS 2-11 St. Peter's College, Wexford 1-4
1977 St Colman's College, Fermoy 2-13 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-9
1976 St. Flannan's, Ennis 3-9 Presentation College, Athenry 1-7
1975 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 6-9 Colaiste Iognaid Ris, Cork 2-3
1974 St. Finbarr's, Cork 2-11 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 1-12
1973 St. Peter's College, Wexford 4-15 Our Lady's, Gort 1-5
1972 St. Finbarr's, Cork 3-7 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-5
1971 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 8-6 St. Finbarr's, Cork 5-8
1970 North Monastery, Cork 2-13 Kilkenny CBS 2-8
1969 St. Finbarr's, Cork 5-15 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-1
1968 St. Peter's College, Wexford 5-10 Coláiste Chríost Rí 4-5
1967 St. Peter's College, Wexford 5-11 Limerick CBS 3-6
1966 Limerick CBS 8-9 St. Mary's, Galway 2-2
1965 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 6-9 Limerick CBS 6-1
1964 Limerick CBS 6-7 St. Peter's College, Wexford 4-5
1963 St. Finbarr's, Cork 4-8 Patrician College, Ballyfin 3-4
1962 St. Peter's College, Wexford 4-11 Rice College, Ennis 2-4
1961 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 8-8 North Monastery, Cork 1-4
1960 North Monastery, Cork 1-9 St. Peter's College, Wexford 1-4
1959 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-13 Tipperary CBS 4-2
1958 St. Flannan's, Ennis 3-10 St. Joseph's, Galway 0-2
1957 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 4-2 St. Flannan's, Ennis 2-7
1956
1955 No championship
1954 No championship
1953 No championship
1952 No championship
1951 No championship
1950 No championship
1949 No championship
1948 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 2-12 St Colman's College, Fermoy 2-2
1947 St. Flannan's, Ennis 6-8 Mount St. Joseph, Roscrea 3-1
1946 St. Flannan's, Ennis 5-7 O'Connell School, Dublin 5-2
1945 St. Flannan's, Ennis 7-10 St. Joseph's, Marino 2-3
1944 St. Flannan's, Ennis 5-5 St. Kieran's, Kilkenny 3-3
There's been an interesting trend during the first two weeks of Pittsburgh Steelers training camp. Those in attendance have made note that the Steelers are practicing a significant number of four-wide receiver sets. It is hard to argue with the logic behind it.
Imagine a group on the field of Antonio Brown, Martavis Bryant, JuJu Smith-Schuster and Eli Rogers at wide receiver and Le'Veon Bell in the offensive backfield. If you look up matchup advantage in the dictionary, this is the group you see a picture of.
Related Ranking the 5 best performances from the Steelers in Preseason Week 1
Obviously, this isn't something the Steelers could do a disproportionate amount of the time. Not having tight ends or extra offensive lineman on the field, Ben Roethlisberger is put in harm's way. Last season, the Steelers offensive front was among the very best in the NFL in terms of pass protection. Much of that was due to having at least one tight end on the field and even Chris Hubbard as an offensive lineman.
Variety is what the team is looking for, but there are problems inherent with that as well. You never want to become predictable based on formation. If Pittsburgh could show they can run effectively out of that four-wide sets, it would add a downright deadly facet to the offense.
Watch the midday newcast with Mara Cepeda
Published 1:42 PM, December 12, 2017
Today on Rappler:
French pharmaceutical company Sanofi Pasteur says the permanent removal of its Dengvaxia dengue vaccine from the Philippine market would be a 'disservice to the Filipino people.' The Court of Appeals clears tycoon Bobby Ongpin of insider trading charges involving Philex Mining shares in 2009. A suicide bomber detonates a homemade pipe bomb strapped to their body in a crowded New York subway passage during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring 3 people.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a “calculated tool of terror” to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale “Dunkirk” are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
Men who use guns to kill their partner are also likely to commit suicide. Those planning to commit suicide are not deterred by severe penalties, and therefore the most successful way of preventing such homicides is to restrict gun access to batterers. So says Sierra Smucker of Duke University Sanford School of Public Policy in the US.  They are the lead author of a study in Springer's Journal of Urban Health. The research also shows that in cases where a man has killed their partner using a gun there are more likely to be multiple homicide victims than when no gun is involved.
Smucker and their colleagues analyzed data extracted from the North Carolina Violent Death Reporting System between 2004 to 2013. As the state-wide system links all violent deaths occurring in the same incident, Smucker's team was able to extract information from all incidents that included both a suicide and a murder.
During the decade under investigation, 6,440 homicides were reported in North Carolina. Of these, 813 (16.8 per cent) cases involved murder of a person by someone identified as their intimate partner. Women were the victim in three out of every four such cases, and were killed 99 per cent of the time by a man.
Furthermore, the researchers found that one in every two cases in which someone was murdered by their intimate partner also ended in the perpetrator committing suicide. Guns were the weapon of choice seven out of every ten times. In 86.6 per cent of these cases, men pulled the trigger before turning the gun on themselves too. Men were also more likely to kill other victims including the victim's children or parents if a gun was used. Including these additional deaths, male-perpetrated incidents of intimate partner homicide averaged 50 per cent more deaths if a gun was used compared to similar crimes committed with other weapons.
The findings support previous research that suggests homicide-suicides are more prevalent in intimate partner homicides than other types of murders, and that firearms are often the weapon of choice for such crimes. Existing research and this study show that children and other family members are often also victims in such crimes.
"It is well known that gun access increases the chance that a violent domestic relationship will end in death," says Smucker. "The current findings demonstrate that intimate partner homicides through the use of guns are often coupled with additional killings."
They say the conclusions underscore the importance of firearm restrictions, and the need to broaden the definition of domestic violence. They believe that all federal and state laws should include people who abuse their partners regardless of whether they are married to them or not. This is because the current study found that intimate partner homicides involving unwed partners are more likely to include additional victims than is the case with ones involving married couples.
"It is important to pre-empt gun access by suicidal batterers, rather than depending on the deterrent effect of the threat of severe penalties or punishment," maintains Smucker. "Someone who plans to commit suicide is logically beyond the reach of the legal threat."
###
Reference: Smucker, S. et al (2018). Suicide and Additional Homicides Associated with Intimate Partner Homicide: North Carolina 2004-2013, Journal of Urban Health DOI: 10.1007/s11524-018-0252-8
Japanese pianist and composer Keiko Matsui is celebrating a stellar thirty year career in music. Them 27 album projects and their performances around the world have attracted four generations of faithful fans. It's something that Keiko is extremely proud of.
We talked about those fans and that career as Keiko prepares to take the stage this Friday night at the Aratani Japan America Theatre with David Benoit and the Asia America Youth Symphony Orchestra. We discussed their recent world travels, their love for their adopted home town of Redondo Beach and a lot more.
An Evening with Keiko Matsui
With David Benoit and the Asia America Youth Symphony Orchestra
Friday June 16, 2017 at 8pm
Aratani Japan America Theatre
244 S San Pedro St, Los Angeles, CA 90012
Phone: (310) 377-8977
For more info visit www.jaccc.org/aratanitheatre
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Members of the Knoxville community came together Monday night to stop the violence at a prayer walk in East Knoxville.
Over the past few weeks, there have been several deadly shootings across Knoxville. City council candidate David Gillette called on community leaders, pastors and other council candidates to put a stop to the shootings.
“One thing I tell the community is the change starts with you. You know you have to want to make change before anyone else. Make the change for you,” they said.
Gillette said when in doubt, call the Knoxville Police Department and remember you can always remain anonymous.
Containerships at loading terminals are seen in the port of Hamburg, Germany, February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
BERLIN Germany on Thursday pushed back against U.S. criticism of its trade surplus, saying ahead of global finance talks in Washington that nobody could blame Berlin for the competitiveness of 'Made in Germany' products.
Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said the government had only limited influence on trade flows, and the surplus - which data shows hit a record 252 billion euros (£211.34 billion) in 2016 - was linked to factors beyond its control such as the oil price and euro exchange rate.
"Our companies produce high-quality machines and equipment that customers abroad like to buy. We do not have to apologise for this," they told mass-selling Bild newspaper.
They pointed to political efforts, such as the introduction of a national minimum wage, tax cuts and increased investment activity to boost domestic demand and imports, as ways of reducing the trade gap.
In a U.S. Treasury currency report on Friday, the Trump administration backed away from naming any major trading partner as a currency manipulator, but kept Germany and five others under scrutiny over their foreign exchange and economic policies.
Germany's wider current account surplus, which measures the flow of goods, services and investments, swelled to an all-time high of 261.4 billion euros last year, Bundesbank data shows.
In terms of overall economic output, however, it shrank to 8.3 percent in 2016 from 8.6 percent in 2015, and the government expects a further drop to around 7 percent next year.
In a position paper drawn up ahead of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank talks in Washington, Berlin argues that the current account surplus is a consequence of market-based corporate decisions.
World finance leaders gathering on Trump's home turf on Thursday are expected to try to nudge their still-evolving policies away from protectionism and to show broad support for open trade and global integration.
The IMF in particular has sounded warnings against Trump's plans to shrink U.S. trade deficits with potential measures to restrict imports, arguing in its latest economic forecasts that protectionist policies would crimp global growth that is starting to gain traction.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; editing by John Stonestreet)
Pat Elfein, who was regarded as one of the top centers in the draft fell to pick No. 70, where the Minnesota Vikings jumped up to get him. We all knew the Vikings offensive line struggled last season, and Elfein is set to be the guy that helps move the team in the right direction.
That is a tough task for a rookie, but so far so good for the former Buckeye. Even Vikings coach Mike Zimmer has taken notice at how well Elfein has performed in OTAs and minicamp.
“He has done some things that are really natural,” Zimmer said. “There have been a couple of times where they might have their block taken care of and then they see another guy and they are able to move to get to the next thing.”
Elfein has also impressed Zimmer with their mobility and athleticism.
“I think they have moved in space well to get to some of the perimeter players on the screens. I think they have done a nice job in the protection part of controlling things,” Zimmer said.
Although Elfein has impressed their head coach, Zimmer still sees plenty to work on with the third-round selection.
“He has done good. There is obviously still a lot of things to work on, but they have been very impressive,” Zimmer said.
Elfein has a long way to go, but it is still nice to see them making an immediate impact on the Vikings line early in training camp. It means they are headed in the right direction.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Unhappiness about a pregnancy or birth has been associated with negative health outcomes for mothers and babies. Yet, unhappiness about a pregnancy or birth has been understudied, particularly among sexual minority (non-heterosexual) women. George Mason University's Dr. Lisa Lindley and their colleagues at the University of South Carolina published findings of their new study in Perspectives on Reproductive and Sexual Health, "Sexual Orientation Concordance And (Un)Happiness About Births."
As Lindley explains, "To our knowledge, this is the first investigation of birth happiness by sexual orientation discordance across sexual orientation measures using a nationally representative sample of women of reproductive age. Previous research has focused exclusively on heterosexual women, or assumed that the women were heterosexual."
Lindley and colleagues examined birth happiness among women by sexual orientation discordance using data from the 2006-2015 National Survey of Family Growth. Birth intention, male partnership context (marital/relationship status, wanting to have a child with the father, and father's feeling about the pregnancy), and sociodemographic covariates (race/ethnicity, mother's education, household income, etc.) were included to determine whether they mediated the relationship between birth happiness and sexual orientation discordance. Sexual orientation was measured using the combination of sexual identity, sexual attraction, and sexual behavior variables. Sexual orientation "concordance" was defined as consistency across these three dimensions. For example, a woman who identified as lesbian, reported only same sex attractions, and engaged only in same-sex behaviors would be considered "concordant," while a woman who identified as heterosexual but reported same-sex attractions or behaviors would be considered "discordant."
Heterosexual-discordant women were of particular interest in this study as they are more likely to engage in risky sexual behaviors and have unintended pregnancies than their heterosexual-concordant counterparts. Consistent with their previous research, Lindley and colleagues also found that heterosexual-discordant women were significantly less happy about their births than heterosexual-concordant women. The fact that births were less likely to be intended and that relationships with male partners were less favorable for births among heterosexual-discordant women partially explained this association.
Lindley pointed out that other factors likely contributed to birth unhappiness among heterosexual-discordant women but were not assessed in the National Survey of Family Growth. According to Lindley, "heteronormative expectations for women, including the pressure to be in a relationship with a man and to have children, may have contributed to their birth unhappiness. This would be especially true if heterosexual-discordant women preferred to be in a relationship with a woman and/or did not want to have a child, or if they had a child to conceal their same-sex attractions and behavior."
Additionally, the survey did not ask women about their pregnancy happiness, or their partner's favorability about the pregnancy, but rather assessed their happiness/favorability about the birth. Thus, the researchers were unable to compare happiness levels by sexual orientation discordance for pregnancies that did not end in birth (i.e., ended in miscarriage or abortion).
Despite strong evidence of risky sexual behaviors, unintended pregnancies, and unhappiness about births occurring among sexual minority women, particularly among heterosexual-discordant women, these concerns are simply not being addressed. Lindley and colleagues point to a gaping hole in the research literature about how best to reach and educate sexual minority women and how best to tailor services and programs for them. They strongly suggest additional efforts in these areas to identify best practices.
###
Rockmount Golf Club is host club for this year's Irish Junior Foursomes and Irish Under 16 Championship. A prime parkland venue situated in south Belfast, Rockmount will showcase Ireland's leading underage players across four days in August.
Athenry, Ballybunion, Dun Laoighaire and Bangor will compete for the Irish Junior Foursomes title on Tuesday, 22 August. In the first of the semi-finals, Munster champions Ballybunion play Athenry while Dun Laoighaire face Ulster champions Bangor.
Meanwhile, the Irish Under 16 Championship tees off on Wednesday, 23 August. The protagonists will battle it out over 54 holes with the top 50 and ties progressing to the final round on Friday, 25 August.
Rosslare's John Brady reigned supreme at Clonmel in 2016, winning by six shots. Germany's Laurenz Schiergen, fourth last year and winner of the under-15 trophy, could take the title abroad for the first time although they face a strong home challenge.
Lisburn's Aaron Marshall, who was part of the Ulster team that won the Interprovincial Championship at Blarney, is among the leading challengers along with their Ulster teammates: Josh Black (Hilton Templepatrick), Odhran Maguire (Slieve Russell), Tom McKibbin (Holywood), Scott Miller (Clandeboye), Keaton Morrison (Greenacres) and Jack Shellard (Lisburn) are also in action at Rockmount.
McKibbin completed an Ulster double earlier this season, winning both the Under-16 Open and Under-16 Close titles having also won the Munster Under 16 title at Blarney in April. Clandeboye's Scott Miller is the current Connacht Under 16 Champion.
Having captured both the Irish and Ulster Under-14 crowns, it has already been a wonderful season for Tandragee's Edward Rowe, and with confidence high after those two victories, they could mount another title challenge at Rockmount.
Joseph Byrne from Baltinglass has been making strides again in 2017, and retained the Leinster Under-14 title with a superb final round 62 at Corballis. Muskerry's Jack Egan is a member of Ireland's under-16 squad and is travelling to Rockmount along with fellow national panellists: Conor Byrne (Strabane), Patrick Callaghan (Castle Dargan), Sean Doyle (The Island), Josh Mackin (Dundalk) and Sam Murphy (Portumna)
The Irish Under 16 Championship, which replaced the Under-15 Championship in 2015, has become a popular event with parents and competitors alike.
Rockmount officially opened for play in 1995 and the course has matured rapidly during the intervening years. Bunkers are a major feature and water plays its part too, putting accuracy at a premium. All told, it should make for a fascinating championship.
[India], July 04 (ANI): United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) entered in an agreement with Andhra Pradesh Government to set up a 'Design University' for gaming in Visakhapatnam.
The agreement was signed between UNESCO and Andhra Pradesh Economic Development Board (APEDB) for establishing a 'Gaming Digital Learning Hub'.
The delegation from UNESCO met Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and asked to allocate 100 acres of land in Visakhapatnam for developing the city as International Gaming and Digital Learning Hub.
The UNESCO informed the chief minister that the Gaming Technology will be the best source of income in future and many IT giants are ready to establish their centre's in the region. The United Nation agency further informed the Chief Minister that they will develop edutech gaming in the state with the target of providing 50,000 jobs in next 10 years. The hub will consist of incubation centre, global research centre, global certification bureau in digital education, gaming teacher training academy, gaming-digital skill development academy The Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister suggested the UNESCO to develop the state as knowledge economy - innovation valley. "Gaming technology should be expanded so that it can be used in all fields. Attempts for skill development should be made through gaming technology. Academic Standards be designed and propagated as 'Vizag Declaration', they said. (ANI)
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schoolchildren are invited to come up with designs for the mayor's Christmas cards.
Mayor Beverley Dooley has opened the competition to children at all Macclesfield primary schools.
The winning cards will be printed for the mayor to send out across Macclesfield and Cheshire East as their official Christmas greeting.
They will also be sold to raise money for the mayor's Macclesfield charities for the year, the Reach Out and Recover addiction charity and Space4Autism, which helps children with autism and their families.
Coun Dooley said: “The competition is an initiative to showcase primary school children's art and raise awareness of the charities. I'm delighted with the response from the schools so far and look forward to judging the entries.”
The designs must be Christmas or winter themed only, portrait or landscape in pencil, crayon, paint or pens.
There should be one design per pupil and the categories are Reception, Years One and Two and Years Three to Six.
Download the entry form from macclesfield-tc.gov.uk or email civic@macclesfield-tc.gov.uk.
The closing date is Friday, October 20.
May 3 Hollyfrontier Corp;
* HollyFrontier corporation reports quarterly results
* HollyFrontier corp - qtrly sales and other revenue $3.08 billion versus $2.02 billion
* HollyFrontier corp - q1 net loss attributable to hollyfrontier stockholders of $45.5 million or $0.26 per diluted share
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.12, revenue view $2.28 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* HollyFrontier - qtrly production levels averaged approximately 392,000 barrels per day and crude oil charges averaged 371,000 bpd for current quarter
* HollyFrontier corp - q1 included several special items that reduced net income by a total of $12.0 million
* HollyFrontier - q1 crude rate was negatively impacted by our planned turnaround at navajo, planned maintenance at el dorado vacuum tower among others
* HollyFrontier-Q1 crude rate also negatively impacted by unplanned maintenance at tulsa ccr reformer, crude supply pipeline outage to woods cross refinery Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× Teen pleads guilty to manslaughter in Burlington teen shooting
MOUNT VERNON, Wash. — A 17-year-old boy has pleaded guilty to manslaughter in connection with the fatal shooting of a 16-year-old boy in Burlington.
The Skagit Valley Herald reports the teen admitted to giving a gun to a 15-year-old boy who is accused of shooting Angel Estrada.
The 17-year-old had been charged with murder as an adult but in a deal pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
They were sentenced Friday to four years in prison.
According to court documents, Burlington police responded the March 30 shooting after a 17-year-old girl reported their brother had shot them boyfriend.
Burlington police say Estrada was pronounced dead at the scene.
The 15-year-old was charged in April with second-degree murder in Skagit County Juvenile Court.
The chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Iraqi Council of Representatives and a negotiator from the Syrian opposition delegation have spoken to Sputnik about President Vladimir Putin's announcement ordering the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria.
The withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria "signals the success" of the country's military campaign against terrorist groups, Abdulbari Zebari, the chairperson of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Iraqi Council of Representatives, told Sputnik, adding that they believe that "the region still needs military support from their allies, and the threat of Daesh is still there."
"Any failure of the regional governments to provide what's required for basic life needs for their citizens will help terrorist groups grow under a different name," Zebari stated.
At the same time, a negotiator from the Syrian opposition delegation Mohannad Dlykan told Sputnik that the withdrawal of the Russian troops from Syria meant it was high time to proceed from military victories to a political solution in Syria.
When asked whether the Russian troops' withdrawal may be a signal for other foreign troops, including the US forces, to disengage from the country, Dlykan said that "this is a signal to all, not just the United States."
The statements come after President Vladimir Putin has ordered to begin the withdrawal of a significant part of Russian troops from the country, while visiting the Hmeymim airbase in Syria. According to the president, the two Russian bases, in Tartus and Hmeymim, as well as the center for Syrian reconciliation, will continue to operate.
Assad, who had a separate meeting with Putin at the airbase, has thanked the Russian president for the effective assistance in the country's fight against terrorism.
READ MORE: Putin Orders Withdrawal of Russian Troops From Syria (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)
© Sputnik/ Dmitry Vinogradov Top 5 Facts About Russia's Military Operation in Syria
The announcement was made several days after the Russian president has declared a "complete" victory over Daesh in the Arab Republic, adding that the terrorists had been defeated on both banks of the Euphrates River.
Russia launched its military operation in Syria on September 30, 2015, at the request of President Bashar Assad and has helped Damascus to clear the cities Aleppo, Palmyra, as well as the Deir ez-Zor province and other regions of the country of terrorists.
The views and opinions expressed by Abdulbari Zebari and Mohannad Dlykan are those of the experts and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bulgarian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 CSKA-Sofia 6 Beroe Stara Zagora 0 Dunav Ruse 2 Lokomotiv Plovdiv 2 Vereya 1 Vitosha Bistritsa 1 Saturday, December 9 Botev Plovdiv 3 Etar 0 Slavia Sofia 1 Levski Sofia 1 Friday, December 8 Septemvri Sofia 2 Cherno More Varna 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 CSKA-Sofia 20 14 5 1 47 12 47 2 Ludogorets 19 14 3 2 43 10 45 3 Levski Sofia 20 11 6 3 28 9 39 4 Beroe Stara Zagora 20 9 7 4 25 21 34 5 Botev Plovdiv 20 8 8 4 33 23 32 6 Vereya 20 9 4 7 21 21 31 ------------------------- 7 Cherno More Varna 20 7 4 9 19 20 25 8 Slavia Sofia 20 6 6 8 27 29 24 9 Lokomotiv Plovdiv 20 6 5 9 18 31 23 10 Septemvri Sofia 20 7 2 11 16 33 23 11 Pirin Blagoevgrad 19 4 7 8 16 20 19 12 Etar 20 4 6 10 17 30 18 13 Dunav Ruse 20 3 6 11 13 30 15 14 Vitosha Bistritsa 20 0 5 15 10 44 5 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 Pirin Blagoevgrad v Ludogorets (1530)
A PERTH grandfather has been pushed from their walking frame and robbed of their $90 grocery money in the north-eastern suburbs.
James Hannington says they are now too frightened to leave their home after they were attacked in Lockridge last week.
According to police, the 65-year-old was walking with their frame on Rosher Road near the McLeod Street intersection around 6.40pm on Thursday, December 7.
Camera Icon The heartless thief targeted James Hannington as they walked through a Lockridge park. Picture: Seven News.
They were approached from behind by a man on a bicycle who then pushed Mr Hannington to the ground.
“I believe he's a bloody coward, as simple as that,” Mr Hannington said.
“Even if I was a young man and they did that, he's a bloody coward to do it that way.”
The 65-year-old fell to the pavement before the heartless thief stole the wallet from Mr Hannington's basket – with the $90 weekly food budget inside.
“Had the man pulled up and asked me, ‘Oh look, I need some money, can you help?' I would have certainly,” Mr Hannington said.
“No, they chose to bash and steal.
Camera Icon James Hannington says they are now too frightened to leave their home. Picture: Seven News.
“I'm frightened to go out or to leave my door open just to get fresh air.”
Luckily, Mr Hannington was not physically injured in the attack.
The man is described as being aged in their late teens or early 20s, with tanned skin, brown hair and a thin to medium build.
They were wearing a baseball cap, a dark-coloured top and light-coloured long pants at the time of the attack.
Police have appealed for anyone in the area, or anyone with dashcam from surrounding streets to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or report it online at www.crimestopperswa.com.au
Everyone Votes MD, a coalition of good government, civil rights, and grassroots activists, joined lawmakers last week in support of bills to protect and expand access to voting in Maryland.
“I have been working on Election Day Registration for ten years,” Del. Kirill Reznik said. “It is time to take the next step, and modernize access to voter registration.”
Del. Eric Luedtke and Sen. Will Smith's legislation, the Secure and Accessible Registration Act (SARA), would seamlessly register Marylanders to vote whenever they interact with agencies capable of determining eligibility. This process would increase participation, expand voter registration, and improve the accuracy of the voter rolls. Del. Kirill Reznik's legislation, Election Day Registration would allow Marylanders to register to vote on Election Day, a practice currently limited to the early-voting period. Both bills will be introduced in the 2018 legislative session.
“For nearly 100 years the League of Women Voters has worked to make sure that all citizens have the opportunity to participate in elections, the cornerstone of democracy. That's why we're are proud to support these two pieces of legislation,” of the League of Women Voters of Maryland stated.
“These two pieces of legislation are supported on a bipartisan basis in states across the country and have resulted in higher turnout, lower costs of election overhead, and easier access,” said Damon Effingham, Legal and Policy Director of Common Cause Maryland. “Some states have had policies like this since the 70's. There's no reason Marylanders should have to wait any longer for the General Assembly to protect election access.”
“The right to vote isn't just a right, it's the most fundamental right in our democracy,” said Del. Luedtke. “We should eliminate barriers to citizens exercising that right.”
“With this legislation, Maryland is proposing a bipartisan approach to expand voter registration and would join a growing number of states that have passed similar measures,” said Natalie Tennant, Manager for State Advocacy at the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law. “Automatically registering citizens to vote is a common-sense idea with a proven record of success across the country.”
“The right and the responsibility to vote are the most fundamental ingredients in maintaining a vigorous democracy,” Sen. Smith concluded. “Automatic voter registration offers our state the opportunity to ensure more Marylanders have an opportunity to participate in this most sacred duty.”
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
Have you ever had a package stolen from your doorstep?
It can happen to anyone. There's not much you can do when you've ordered something to be delivered to your home and it arrives when you're not there, whether that's because you're at work or walking the dog or at the store. But Amazon is hoping to tackle this very issue, by introducing a new service called Amazon Key. Plus, it offers another Key-branded service that gives its couriers access to your vehicle.
Here's what you need to know about both.
Amazon Key is exclusive to paid Prime members.
It is a new in-home delivery service in which a delivery driver or courier can temporarily gain access to your home to leave a package safely inside, rather on the doorstep, where it could be stolen. You need to buy and set up the Amazon Key-In-Home Kit, which comes with a cloud-based Amazon camera and a smart door lock.
Once it is all set up, you'll need to select "free in-home delivery" at checkout on Amazon. Amazon said that Amazon Key in-home deliveries are carried out by the same drivers who currently deliver your Amazon orders. Eventually, Amazon Key will expand to include other in-home services, such as house cleaning, pet sitters, etc.
Amazon makes money by selling you things. If you're at all hesitant to buy something from Amazon because you think your package could be stolen from your doorstep once it is delivered, then Amazon risks not making money. So, it has tried to come up with different ideas for securing parcel deliveries, like with Amazon Locker.
That limited service is only available in select cities and essentially allows you to pick up your packages at a self-service delivery location, which isn't at all convenient. It's like running to the post office. Ick. But imagine if a courier could temporarily be given access to your home, so they could drop off your package and leave.
Maybe you can also set up a camera to witness the courier leaving your package. Wouldn't that give you the freedom to order what you want on Amazon and then go out and about without having to worry about missing your delivery? That's the idea Amazon is pitching here. But whether others will agree remains to be seen.
To get started, buy the Amazon Key In-Home Kit, starting at $249.99. It includes the Amazon Cloud Cam (Key Edition) indoor security camera that features 1080p Full HD, night vision, and two-way audio. When buying the Amazon Key In-Home Kit, you will see the option to have it installed by a professional (learn more) or do it yourself.
Amazon recommends that the Amazon Cloud Cam be installed inside your home within 25 feet of your smart lock and facing your front door. The kit also includes a compatible smart door lock from Kwikset or Yale (listed below). They work with standard deadbolts mounted separately from the handle and doors between 1-3/8 and 2 inches thick.
You'll also need the Amazon Key app. It can access your Amazon Cloud Cam camera feed so you can can check in anytime via live view and watch deliveries. It also lets you lock and unlock your door lock.
Once the Amazon Key In-Home Kit is set up, shop on Amazon and select “free in-home delivery” at checkout. It's a shipping option for eligible Prime items. Amazon will notify you just before the delivery, then authorise the delivery, and unlock your door. You can watch everything live in the Amazon Key app or see a video of it later.
So, on delivery day, you'll receive a notification in the morning with a four-hour delivery window for when the delivery courier will arrive at your home. When they arrive at your door, you will receive an “Arriving Now” notification and you can then choose to watch the delivery happening live via the Amazon Key app.
The courier will knock first and then request to unlock your door with their Amazon handheld scanner. Amazon will verify everything at that point, then turn on your Amazon Cloud Cam, and unlock your door. The courier will then place the package just inside your door and request to re-lock the door, which Amazon will do.
Once the delivery is complete and your door is relocked, you'll get a notification and can watch a video clip of the delivery with the Amazon Key app. Amazon said all in-home deliveries are backed by its "Happiness Guarantee". If a delivery was not completed to your satisfaction, Amazon will try to correct the problem.
You can also select “Block Access” in the Amazon Key app at any time to block a courier from having access to your home. If they need to deliver a package still, they will simply follow the standard Amazon delivery process.
Beyond in-home deliveries, Amazon Key lets you grant home access to others. You can schedule permanent access for your family members, or you can give temporary access to recurring visitors like dog walkers. You'll be notified any time a guest locks or unlocks your door, and you can watch them coming and going, too.
Amazon Key is available in the following US cities:
Atlanta, GA; Austin, TX; Baltimore, MD; Boston, MA; Chicago, IL; Cincinnati, OH; Cleveland, OH; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; Houston, TX; Indianapolis, IN; Jacksonville, FL; Kansas City, KS; Los Angeles and Orange County, CA; Louisville, KY; Miami, FL; Milwaukee, WI; Minneapolis and St. Paul, MN; Nashville, TN; Newark, NJ; Orlando, FL; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; Pittsburgh, PA; Portland, OR; Richmond, VA; Sacramento, CA; Salt Lake City, UT; San Antonio, TX; San Diego, CA; San Francisco Bay area, CA; Sarasota, FL; Seattle and Eastside, WA; St. Louis, MO; Tampa, FL; Washington DC metro area
Amazon said that, in the coming months, Amazon Key will expand to include professional service providers. That means you can hire a house cleaner from Merry Maids or a pet sitter from Rover.com, and then they will be able to temporarily access your home and you can watch them get their job done in your home.
There will be over 1,200 "Amazon Home Services" available.
In April 2018, Amazon announced another Key-branded service that gives its couriers access to your vehicle for the purpose of leaving package deliveries inside. Rather than use smart locks and a cloud-connected camera to gain entry, Amazon wants to use the connected technologies embedded modern vehicles. It is launching this new service in partnership with two major automakers: General Motors and Volvo.
Called Amazon Key In-Car Delivery, the new effort, which is technically an expansion of Amazon Key, is now rolling out to 37 cities in the US. Amazon has been beta testing the delivery service in California and Washington. In a promo video by Amazon (above), you can see a woman using the service to have a birthday presents delivered to the boot of their daughter's car in order to keep them a surprise.
Initially, the service will only be available to Amazon Prime subscribers, and it's limited to owners of GM and Volvo vehicles (model year 2015 or new) with active OnStar and Volvo on Call accounts. Amazon plans to add other cars over time. Another limitation is that packages weighing over 50 pounds and larger than 26 x 21 x 16 inches in size require a signature. The same goes if they're valued over $1,300.
If they come from a third-party seller, they're not eligible for delivery.
First, add your car to your Amazon Key app and include a description of it. The car should be parked near your address used for Amazon deliveries - and in driveways, parking lots, parking garages, or street parking - so that Amazon's couriers can locate and access it.
After purchasing an item and selecting in-car delivery, Amazon sends notifications to let you know that the package is on its way. You always have the option to change delivery locations or even “block access” to the car in the Key app. If you do block access, Amazon will default to a backup delivery location. To find your car, couriers will have access to its GPS location, license plate number, and an image of the car.
Couriers have their own device to verify the car, scan the package, and request that the vehicle be unlocked via the car's connected services. Amazon says it never has access to the customer's connected car login details. Couriers will drop in the package, confirm its delivery, close the boot, and make sure it's locked. Amazon says it's safe and secure, and that the only difference with Amazon Key is that there is no video.
Also, to sign up, you aren't required to spend $250 on a smart lock and camera, and there's no installation required. You just need a car.
Are you overwhelmed by how much television is available right now? Is life getting in the way of keeping up with the shows you wanna try out? We feel your tube-related pain. Here's a handy feature that'll help you locate the hidden gems in this era of Peak TV.
THE END OF THE F***ING WORLD
NETWORK | Channel 4 (UK) / Netflix (U.S. and everywhere else)
ADAPTED BY | Charlie Covell (based on a graphic novel by Charles Forsman)
NUMBER OF EPISODES | 8
EPISODE LENGTH | 20 mins.
PREMISE | James (Black Mirror‘s Alex Lawther) is a troubled teen — a loner by choice with psychopathic tendencies. He's spent much of their adolescence trying to feel something – anything, really — but has thus far come up short. After tiring of killing woodland creatures, they decide it's time to graduate to murdering an actual human being. That's where Alyssa (Penny Dreadful‘s Jessica Barden) comes in. She's the new girl at school, a foul-mouthed rebel with a messed-up home life.
Thinking they can fall in love with James, Alyssa convinces them that they should leave everything behind and embark on a road trip. Little do they know they intend to make them their prey.
WORTH YOUR TIME IF YOU ENJOY… | Black comedy. Dysfunctional coming-of-age stories. Anti-romantic comedies about horrible people.
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY ALSO KNOW… | The show is every bit as bleak as it sounds, and is often quite violent. Along the way, you'll begin to fall in love with these characters in spite of their heinous actions, particularly after the events of Episode 3. You're not necessarily rooting for James and Alyssa, but you'll care about what happens to them, especially after you learn why they turned out the way that they did.
Barden is the breakout star here, though what Lawther manages to accomplish with such an understated performance is no small feat. Together, they have undeniable chemistry. The supporting cast also features terrific work by Gemma Whelan (Game of Thrones) and Wunmi Mosaku (Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them), who play a pair of police officers searching for the runaway teens, and Barry Ward (The Fall), who plays Alyssa's estranged father.
If you're still in, it's worth noting that the show is constructed like a four-hour movie, so it plays better if viewed all at once. If your schedule doesn't allow for that, at least make time to watch the first three episodes in one sitting to get a true sense of where the story is going.
IS IT COMING BACK? | Executive producer Jonathan Entwistle has indicated that Netflix wants a second season, though the general consensus seems to be that these eight episodes tell a complete story. The streaming service already has a history of renewing shows that were designed to run just one season (see 13 Reasons Why), so it could go either way.
WHERE CAN I WATCH IT? | The complete first season is streaming on Netflix.
Will you embark on a journey to The End of the F***king World? And, without spoiling it for anyone, can those of you who have watched it say that you think the series would benefit from a second season? Drop a comment below.
Bitcoin and its brethren have taken a beating over the past seven days. While no one knows exactly why that is—and don't believe anyone who claims otherwise—two particularly troublesome events certainly haven't helped.
Buzzkills: At 2:57 a.m. in Tokyo last Friday, hackers swiped more than half a billion dollars' worth of cryptocurrency tokens from the Japanese exchange Coincheck. Then on Tuesday, it came to light that U.S. financial regulators had subpoenaed Bitfinex, one of the world's most popular exchanges, and Tether, a cryptocurrency company that claims its tokens are pegged to the U.S. dollar.
There will be ramifications: Coincheck's executives have admitted that they neglected to use basic security measures. That isn't comforting financial regulators, who were already worried about how cryptocurrency exchanges operate. As for Bitfinex and Tether, the New York Times reports growing concern that the former has been using the latter to prop up the price of Bitcoin—which may explain why it's taken a tumble as well.
Subscribe to Chain Letter, our twice-weekly newsletter focused on cryptocurrencies and blockchains. It's free!
DETROIT — The Michigan Supreme Court has denied Bob Bashara's appeal of a Court of Appeals ruling to uphold their convictions in their wife's 2012 murder. The Michigan Court of Appeals announced its ruling to uphold the convictions in September 2017 when they were found guilty for hiring a developmentally disabled handyman to murder their wife Jane Bashara. Bashara appealed that judgment, but the high court has denied their appeal.
The high court released a pithy statement about the decision: ” … because we are not persuaded that the questions presented should be reviewed by this Court,” reads a statement from the Michigan Supreme Court.
The former Grosse Pointe Park business person was sentenced to life in prison in January 2015 after they were convicted of plotting to have their wife killed. Bashara also was sentenced to 18 to 40 years in prison for a solicitation of murder conviction, 1 to 5 years in prison for an obstruction of justice conviction, and 2 to 10 years in prison for bribing, intimidating, or interfering with a witness conviction, according to court records.
Bashara appealed their convictions and life sentence, claiming their rights were violated by an ineffective defense. They also claimed they were denied a fair trial.
Click here to continue.
Want to know what HTC's next flagship will look like?
HTC may be struggling when compared to Samsung, but that's not stopping it from releasing more handsets this year; it will soon expand its HTC U lineup with a new flagship called HTC U11. Website 91 Mobiles has posted what it described as 3D renders of the upcoming device that it seems to have obtained from a reliable leaker known as Onleaks. The photos and videos show the HTC U11 from all angles.
The HTC U11 will be the third HTC U-branded handset in a year, following the the HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra. Last week, an almost-complete list of features taken from a promo image revealed almost everything the phone will feature, such as a 5.5-inch Quad HD display and Snapdragon 835 processor. It will likely also feature 6GB RAM, a 12-megapixel rear camera, and 16-megapixel front camera.
The flagship will notably include a "squeezable display," which will allow you to interact with the phone by swiping from the edge. It'll also have a tapered thickness from top to bottom of 9.2mm and 8mm, respectively. The fingerprint scanner will be on the front, and the bottom edge will house a USB C socket, mic, and speaker grille. And finally, it'll have a 3,000mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 support.
Check out Pocket-lint's rumour round-up to see what else the phone is expected to feature. Keep in mind we'll know for sure soon. The HTC U11 is set to be officially announced on 16 May 2017.
© REUTERS/ Osman Orsal Turkish Police Believe Citizen of Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan is Behind Istanbul Nightclub Attack - Reports
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — At least 39 people were killed, including more than 20 foreigners, and 65 injured as a result of the attack on Istanbul's Reina nightclub during New Year's Eve celebrations.
"Horrific terrorist attack in Istanbul — we pray for the souls of the victims. It's a matter of time before something similar happens in Serbia," Jeremic said, as quoted by the Tanjug news agency.
Daesh has claimed responsibility for the attack. Turkish authorities have been looking for a perpetrator of the attack, who is reportedly either an Uzbek or a Kyrgyz national.
The Referendum Commission's launched its campaign to supply information about the upcoming vote on the Eighth Amendment.
Voters will go to the polls on Friday May 25th on the proposal.
Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution, as interpreted by the Supreme Court, means that it is lawful for a pregnancy to be terminated only where the pregnancy poses a real and substantial risk to the life of the mother.
This includes a risk of suicide.
The proposal is to delete Article 40.3.3 and to insert in its place that: "Provision may be made by law for the regulation of termination of pregnancy".
A sample ballot paper | Image: Referendum Commission
But the commission points out: "You are not being asked in this referendum to vote on any particular law relating to the termination of pregnancy."
Part of the campaign will see a guidebook being distributed to 2.2 million homes across the country.
And here are our first printed guides to the referendum, hot off the presses. They have quite a journey to make yet before starting to arrive in all homes in early May pic.twitter.com/xAcVWzyOqg — ReferendumCommission (@RefCom_ie) April 17, 2018
Included in the booklet is information on the commission itself, the proposed change to the Constitution and the legal outcomes of both a Yes and No vote.
July 4 (UPI) -- Hong Kong's high court ruled unanimously Wednesday that same-sex couples living in Hong Kong are entitled to spousal visas like married heterosexual couples.
The five-member Court of Final Appeal sided with a British citizen, known in court as QT, who sought a dependent visa for their spouse in 2011.
Without a dependent visa, a foreign partner could stay in Hong Kong on a short-term tourist visa, not be able to work or receive public services.
Although the ruling recognizes the dependent visa, the city's definition of marriage -- between a man and a woman -- remains unchanged.
The court decision is "a small step for us, but one giant step for equality in Hong Kong," QT, who is overseas, told reporters during a conference call.
Them lawyer, lawyer Michael Vidler, said the case didn't challenge the definition of marriage in Hong Kong, but "every step of the case is an advancement. I think it vindicates the idea that the time is now for a change."
Vidler said the decision could apply to housing, succession rights and adoption rights.
"Logically, if the government is going to apply this decision in relation to immigration policy, it should see that the writing is on the wall," they said after the ruling.
Before they secured a job and moved to Hong Kong in 2011, QT entered a civil partnership in Britain with their spouse -- known as SS, who was of South African and British nationality. After being denied a dependent visa, QT filed a judicial review against the immigration's director.
In 2016, QT lost at the Court of First Instance, which ruled it was an attempt to get same-sex marriage recognized through the "back door." Last fall, the Court of Appeal ruled unanimously in their favor.
"This judgment is a milestone for Hong Kong and a watershed moment" for gay rights across Asia, Jan Wetzel, senior legal adviser at Amnesty International, said in a statement.
In the 45-page ruling, the justices noted the department, besides maintaining "stringent" immigration control, also seeks to attract overseas talent. They said decision would boost business by allowing gay and lesbian employees to bring their spouses with them.
"Such a policy [of not granting a visa] is counterproductive and plainly not rationally connected to advancing the 'talent' aim,' when gay couples were not given access to the spousal welfare," said the panel of judges led by Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma Tao-li.
Secretary for Security John Lee Ka-chiu said the government respected the court's decision.
"We are studying the judgment carefully and shall seek legal advice as necessary before deciding the way forward," they said.
April 13 Under Armour Inc
* Under Armour announces nomination of Jerri L. Devard to board of directors
* Under Armour-Devard's election will be considered as part of company's slate of director nominees at 2017 annual meeting on May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) leaves a press briefing about healthcare reform with House Republicans on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee Kevin Brady (R-TX) speaks about a Republican healthcare amendment during a press briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) speaks about healthcare reform during a press briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON A U.S. House of Representatives panel will meet on Thursday to consider a change to the stalled Republican healthcare bill before lawmakers leave for a two-week recess, a spokesperson for the House Rules Committee said.
The change, proposed by the Trump administration, involves the provision of high-risk pools to subsidize insurance for the seriously ill, the Washington Post reported.
Deep divisions in the Republican Party had appeared to dash hopes for a quick revival of legislation to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's signature 2010 healthcare law before the start of the recess on Friday.
It remains unclear whether the tweaked bill could garner enough support from Republican House members to win passage, or when the full House might take up the measure.
House Speaker Paul Ryan has cautioned it would take some time for Republicans to come together on a bill that could win wide enough support for passage.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Writing by Eric Walsh; Editing by Tim Ahmann and Howard Goller)
Mahoney was not a winner in Salty or Sexy Spanish Lessons *sad face* for listener, Kendra; Did Sylvia have a successful swimming lesson with Ian over the weekend? We have the audio; we have an all new Ian's Interesting Individuals with Mini-T; we take another listen to Friday's Blooper Reel; and our Question of the Day: Have you ever failed a job interview?
Full Show Here:
BRUSSELS International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said on Wednesday Greece was heading in the right direction on reforms, but talks on its bailout review and the IMF's potential role in it were "only halfway through".
Last week, euro zone finance ministers agreed on the key elements of reforms that Greece needs to implement in exchange for a new loan under its 86 billion-euro bailout programme, the third since 2010.
The loan is needed to pay debt due in July, but talks continue and the IMF has not yet decided whether to join the bailout. The fund's participation is seen as a condition for Germany to unblock new funds to Greece.
"What I have seen in the last couple of weeks is heading in the right direction," Lagarde told a conference in Brussels, but "we are only halfway through in the discussions."
They reiterated Greece's debt - now 178 percent of gross domestic product - will need to be restructured to guarantee the stability of the country's finances.
The scope of any restructuring "will be decided at the end of the programme," but "the modalities have to be decided upfront," Lagarde said.
Germany, the largest European Union economy, opposes debt relief, believing that agreed reforms are enough to sustain financial stability. But Berlin still wants the IMF to join the bailout, now provided by euro zone governments alone, to make it more effective and less expensive for euro zone countries.
Talks between Greece and its lenders are continuing and no date is fixed yet for negotiators to return to Athens. The Greek government believes talks may resume in Athens after the IMF spring meetings on April 21-23.
"We are still elaborating under what terms we could possibly give some lending to the country. We are not there yet," Lagarde said, adding any IMF loan to Greece would have to abide by strict conditions and no special treatment can be expected for Athens.
The IMF wants pension costs to be cut and the threshold for tax exemptions to be lowered. Athens has accepted the reforms, worth 2 percent of its gross domestic product, but it wants to link their application to a reduction of its public debt burden.
Lagarde said the additional belt-tightening measures could be implemented "as soon as the conditions of growth are consolidated."
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio; @fraguarascio; Editing by Larry King)
FILE PHOTO: The ''Spirit of Innovation'', the last of Goodyear's GZ-20 model blimps, is decommissioned in Carson, California, U.S. March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT.O) reported quarterly profit that beat estimates, as the company sold tires at higher prices while keeping a lid on its costs.
The company's shares rose as much as 3.6 percent to $36.74 on Friday.
The No.1 US tire maker also reaffirmed its outlook for segment operating income of $2 billion in 2017 and $3 billion by 2020.
The Akron, Ohio-based company has hiked tire prices twice this year, helping it partly offset higher raw material costs in the first quarter.
Raw material costs, that have risen, are expected to be "a significant year-over-year headwind in 2017," Chief Executive Richard Kramer said in a statement.
Pick-up in orders for heavy-duty trucks, whose production had fallen in the United States due to a supply glut, is likely to help the tire maker's sales in 2017.
"We feel very good about the performance of commercial truck during the quarter and its potential in the second half of the year," Chief Financial Officer Laura Thompson said on the earnings call.
Preliminary U.S. heavy-duty truck orders rose 41 percent last month, boosted by truck firms' return to buying as they see freight volumes rising after a tough environment in 2016, according to industry forecaster FTR.
Global demand for truck and so-called specialty tires - for mining and agriculture - will pick up in 2017, according to rival Michelin (MICP.PA).
However, Goodyear cut its forecast for full-year tire unit sales to "about flat" from 1 percent increase compared with 2016.
The company, which also makes tires for aircraft and NASCAR racing cars, said its tire volumes fell 4 percent in the first quarter ended March 31.
Goodyear's shipments in the Americas region, its biggest market, declined 4.4 percent due to lower U.S. auto production during the quarter ended March 31.
Net income fell to $166 million, or 65 cents per share, in the quarter, from $184 million, or 68 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned 74 cents per share, beating estimates of 63 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Goodyear's selling, administrative and general expense fell 5.9 percent to $579 million.
Revenue rose marginally to $3.70 billion.
Analysts had expected revenue of $3.78 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Up to Thursday's close, shares of the company had risen 14.8 percent this year.
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dr Shannon Thomas is Sydney surgeon who has a relatively new procedure that can cure varicose veins and explains how it all works, and the many benefits including little or no scarring, quick healing and so much more.
Listen to the podcast here.
Visit http://www.specialistvascular.com.au/ for more information.
DR. SHANNON D. THOMAS BSC. MED HONS, MBBS HONS, FRACS
Vascular and Endovascular Surgeon
Specialist small vessel angioplasty techniques to prevent limb amputation, Advanced Varicose Vein Removal, Kidney Transplantation
Dr Thomas is an Australian trained Vascular, Endovascular & Renal Transplant Surgeon who holds appointments at Prince of Wales Hospital and Prince of Wales Private Hospital in Sydney and Southern Highlands Private in Bowral.
ANZAC Day is one of Australia's most important days as we honour those that gave their lives in war.
It's also one of the biggest days on the AFL calendar as Collingwood and Essendon renew hostilities at the MCG.
TOP 10: BOMBERS, PIES' GREATEST ANZAC DAY CLASHES
FOLLOW ALL THE ACTION IN OUR BLOG BELOW
COACHES: BUCKLEY, WORSFOLD SPLIT ON BUMP RULING
The Magpies go into the clash unchanged after stunning Adelaide 12 days ago while Essendon has been forced to make one change with Orazio Fantasia (groin) replaced by Jackson Merrett.
Don't miss a beat in our blog below and get live scores, stats and SuperCoach updates in our match centre.
The equivalent of Paris is added in new building every 5 days; energy intensity per square meter of the building sector needs to improve 30 percent by 2030 to stay on track to meet Paris climate goals
Energy intensity per square meter of the building sector needs to improve 30% by 2030 to stay on track to meet Paris climate goals
Use of smart controls and connected devices could lower buildings energy consumption by 10 per cent globally. Smart building controls alone could save up twice the sector's 2017 energy use
The equivalent of Paris is added in new building every 5 days
Paris - Time is running out to reform the buildings and construction sector's energy performance and keep the Paris Agreement on track, with the energy intensity per square meter of buildings needing to improve 30 per cent by 2030, according to new research released today.
The Global Status Report 2017, from the Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction, finds that the sector continues to grow, with floor area reaching an estimated 235 billion square metres in 2016. Over the next 40 years, 230 billion m2 of additional buildings will be constructed - the equivalent of adding the floor area of Japan to the planet every single year to 2060.
Buildings and construction account for 39 per cent of energy-related CO 2 emissions, when upstream power generation is included. Between 2010 and 2016, population growth, rising floor area per person and greater demand for energy services all contributed to an increase in new energy demand in buildings equal to all the final energy consumed by Germany during the same period.
According to the report, the clock is ticking in part because more than half of new buildings expected to 2060 will be constructed in the next 20 years - two-thirds of them in countries that do not have mandatory building energy codes in place.
However, the report - prepared by the International Energy Agency and coordinated by UN Environment - highlights many opportunities to deploy energy-efficient and low-carbon solutions, and points to many examples across the globe that show the goals can be met with clear and concerted efforts.
"Over the next 40 years, the world is expected to build 230 billion square metres in new construction - adding the equivalent of Paris to the planet every single week," said Fatih Birol, Executive Director of the International Energy Agency. "This rapid growth is not without consequences.
"While the energy intensity of the buildings sector has improved, this has not been enough to offset rising energy demand. Ambitious action is needed without delay to avoid locking in long-lived, inefficient buildings assets for decades to come."
The Paris pledges to date still fall short of hitting the 4.9 Gigatonnes of Carbon Dioxide (GtCO 2 ) annual emissions reduction that could be achieved if countries were to pursue strategic low-carbon and energy-efficient buildings technology deployment. CO 2 emissions from buildings and construction rose by nearly 1 per cent per year between 2010 and 2016, releasing 76 GtCO 2 in cumulative emissions.
The 30 per cent improvement in the sector's energy intensity would require a near-doubling of current buildings' energy performance improvements to over 2 per cent each year to 2030, the report says. This means near-zero energy, zero-emissions buildings need to become the construction standard globally within the next decade.
The rate of building energy renovations also needs to improve from 1 to 2 per cent per year to over 2 to 3 per cent in the coming decade. Such retrofits are particularly important in Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries, where roughly 65 per cent of the total expected 2060 buildings stock is already built today.
"Similar to many areas linked to the Paris Agreement, the building sector is seeing some progress in cutting its emissions, but it is too little, too slowly," said Erik Solheim, head of UN Environment. "Realizing the potential of the buildings and construction sector needs all hands on deck - in particular to address rapid growth in inefficient and carbon-intensive building investments."
The energy savings potential from improved building envelope performance improvements is huge: globally, high-performance buildings construction and deep energy renovations of existing building envelopes represent a savings potential more than all the final energy consumed by the G20 countries in 2015.
The report points to many examples of buildings that work, such as the zero-energy Edge building in Amsterdam. The building maximizes natural light intake and solar electricity production, and uses smart technologies such as intelligent ventilation systems that are responsive to sensor data or user commands.
The report identifies ways to unlock the potential benefits, including:
Ambitious and transparent commitment. Effort is needed to bring forward strategic policies and market incentives that signal the vital role of buildings and construction in meeting the sustainable development goals.
Building energy codes and certification. Deployment of improved building energy codes and policies, including certification, labelling and incentive programmes, are needed in all countries.
Energy-efficient, low-carbon and affordable technologies. Wide-scale adoption and investment in high-performance, low-carbon solutions are key to sustainable buildings and construction.
Investments and finance. Transforming buildings and construction will require a major shift in financing and investments. This includes building the business case for investors, while providing information and financing tools that remove risks and uncertainties for decision makers.
###
Download the report via the website of the Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction: https:/ / globalabc. org/
The Global Alliance for Buildings and Construction (GABC) is a voluntary, international, multi-stakeholder partnership. Its Secretariat is hosted by UN Environment.
The GABC was launched by France and UN Environment at COP21. Since COP21, 24 countries and over 70 non-state actors have joined and signed a common statement to dramatically upscale action, through:
Albion will be hosting the Albion and Boone Central alumni on Saturday, June 16, with a variety of events planned.
The annual Louis Hoppe Memorial 5K run will be Saturday morning at 9 a.m. Smoke n Chrome car show downtown from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The Legends Golf Tournament will start at 8:30 a.m. Tours of Boone Central School start at 11 a.m., and the Alumni Banquet Saturday evening will begin with a 5:30 p.m. social hour and 6 p.m. banquet at the Albion Country Club.
MUMBAI India soccer coach Stephen Constantine is confident they have the nucleus of a side that will qualify for the 2019 Asian Cup and be competitive for the next five years.
India, who have reached the Asian Cup finals on three previous occasions, have been drawn alongside Kyrgyzstan, Myanmar and Macau in Group A of the last round of qualifiers, with the top two teams advancing to the expanded tournament.
The Asian Football Confederation's (AFC) decision to increase the number of finalists from 16 to 24 has given the country a better chance of qualifying and they began their campaign on a strong note with a 1-0 win in Myanmar last week.
India's recent 3-2 friendly win over Cambodia will also help the side climb from their current ranking of 132nd in the world to their highest position.
Englishman Constantine has spoken of giving opportunities to youngsters to create a bigger pool of talent and has handed debuts to about 30 players in the last two years.
"I would always be looking at players who can make us better regardless of where they come from, provided they have Indian passports," the 54-year-old told reporters in Kolkata.
"I believe we have the nucleus of the squad. The average age of the side is 24.
"I believe we have a team that will take us hopefully to the Asian Cup and beyond for the next four-five years. We're on the right track."
India's qualification for the 2011 Asian Cup in Qatar came after they won the AFC Challenge Cup, a tournament for the lowest-ranked nations on the continent.
That was their first appearance since 1984 and while they are still the dominant force in South Asia, India remains a long way behind Asian heavy hitters like Japan, Australia, South Korea, Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Constantine, who lead Rwanda to their highest ranking of 68 in their last job, returned in 2015 for their second stint with India after their failure to qualify for that year's Asian Cup.
"I am proud of what we achieved in Rwanda, where football is at a different level and where we moved from 135 to 68 and I am immensely proud of what we are doing here. Can we do better? Absolutely," Constantine said.
Captain Sunil Chhetri is the country's most-capped player and top goal-scorer and their injury-time strike in Yangon gave India all three points but Constantine said there was more to the team than the 32-year-old forward.
"Sunil Chhetri is a model professional who is consistent, looks after themselves and keeps popping up at the right place to score goals," they said.
"But we are not dependent on him. There are other players."
(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly; editing by Peter Rutherford)
The Sweetest Things Celebs Have Said About Their Rescue Pets
Gimme shelter! These celebs have opened their hearts to animal adoption, and you can, too, during Clear the Shelters this Saturday, Aug. 19, when rescue organizations nationwide will drop or waive adoption fees for animals in need of homes
Share. Mike Nelson and Bill Corbett chat about the RiffTrax Live: Doctor Who performance coming to theaters August 17 and 24. Mike Nelson and Bill Corbett chat about the RiffTrax Live: Doctor Who performance coming to theaters August 17 and 24.
For fans of Doctor Who, Mystery Science Theater 3000, and RiffTrax, there will be no bigger day than August 17, 2017, when the RiffTrax team – Mike Nelson, Kevin Murphy, and Bill Corbett – take on the classic 20th anniversary Doctor Who is a story “The Five Doctors” for a live event carried to theaters across the country via Fathom Events.
The show will also be rebroadcast to theaters on August 24. And while the story has been riffed a few times by the Doctor Who-specific convention-based Mysterious Theatre 337 (now where could they have gotten that name), it's time for five incarnations of the Doctor, as well as assorted Daleks, Cybermen, Yeti, companions, and a somewhat embarrassing leotard-wearing robot, to get the full RiffTrax treatment! (The team previously riffed the two '60s Peter Cushing Dr. Who films.) But rest assured, fans, it's not going to get too nasty; that's not the RiffTrax way, as we certainly clarified in this fun chat with two-thirds of the team, Mike Nelson and Bill Corbett...
IGN: How did the live events become part of your RiffTrax catalog, and how did this Doctor Who show happen?
Bill Corbett: We had seen Fathom Events shows like everyone else when they did the opera and the NPR show, “This American Life.” The only question was how to approach our show visually, and when we got in touch with the production company in Nashville, they said it's an easy fix. We just do these Brady Bunch opening credits boxes occasionally, but mostly we stay on the movie. We never toyed with the idea of doing silhouettes because that's an MST3K trademark.
Mike Nelson: For years, we'd wanted to do [Doctor Who] because we obviously thought there would be a good crossover with it. Some of the people within RiffTrax are fans, and we had a lot of requests for it.
IGN: The first date is actually live and simulcast across the country?
BC: Absolutely, and that was one of the daunting aspects of it. It's not even delayed, so the first time it was a little bit terrifying. Not just with what could go wrong technically, but nerve-wracking unless you've been doing The Tonight Show for years. But we got used to it and gained a lot of confidence in our producing partners. They'd done a lot of live award shows with many more moving parts than we do.
IGN: Is there room for ad-libbing in that environment or do you just stick to the script?
BC: You read the crowd a little bit, and [if] something is working better than other things. Some of the wordier jokes get compressed or thrown out on the fly, and we'll indulge with some other bit of nonsense. That's one of my favorite parts, the interactivity of it and the feedback we get from the live audience in Nashville. It's also a lot of fun and gratifying after spending all the time creating the thing. Until we started doing these in 2009, we just went into a studio and recorded; it was nice to reconnect with live people again.
IGN: How did the process of preparing the Doctor Who show begin?
BC: When we first talked with the BBC America guys, they were surprisingly receptive to it. They're not particularly precious about the older ones especially, but they don't want to mess up their brand.
MN: Obviously they're experts on their own product. They knew what we did, and that [“The Five Doctors”] would be one that would fit, especially for a test case for this. They don't know us through and through, and they want to keep their show pristine... They were very gracious and understood that we've done a lot of properties we really like; this is not about dumping on stuff we hate. That would be a completely different product that we just don't do. We've riffed on Casablanca and Lord of the Rings, things that we absolutely adore, so this is just another example of that.
IGN: There's definitely a lack of mean-spiritedness to your style, which is something the diehard Doctor Who fans would be reassured to know.
MN: Right, we always say that's how comedy works. If you're trying to come after this thing with a bazooka when it doesn't deserve that, people will go, "What was that about? There are funny things about it, but you guys just pounded it into the ground." That wouldn't work as comedy, even if we wanted to do that, which is not in our temperament either. In order for it to be funny, it has to fit people's notions of what's actually happening. People have a lot of fondness for a lot of the stuff that we do, and so our comedy fits that. "Here are the things we've noticed as well about this." We note them with the same affection and humor that you guys note them, and that's why it works. Otherwise, who would want to see a bunch of mean idiots dumping on something? That's not entertaining.
IGN: That's what the internet is for!
MN: [Laughs] Exactly, I could go read a YouTube comment post or something.
BC: And it's from our point of view that we don't get too rough. Anyone's mileage may vary. A real fan of Doctor Who may see what we do and be outraged by how we make fun of the Second Doctor's haircut or something. Luckily for us, our fans at least tend to appreciate the sense of humor.
IGN: Were you both already fans of Doctor Who, or was it more a sort of general awareness?
MN: I was aware of it, and friends were aware of it. I'll be honest, I was not a big fan. I was a fan of all the BBC things that started to come over when I was a kid in the late '70s and early '80s, like Monty Python and Fawlty Towers, so I was aware of it, but only knew of Tom Baker on. So it was also fun to dig into the history as we wrote the script for it.
BC: I had seen the show, but was not a super-fan. It just never happened for me, and I saw the Tom Baker ones on PBS. I usually brushed past it looking for Monty Python. My wife is more of a fan of it now, and my 12-year-old daughter is a super-fan, starting with cutie pie David Tennant, of course! They haven't quite dipped into classic Doctor Who, more than anything because of a certain expectation of production values. I did get into it a little bit when Peter Capaldi took over, because I'm such a fan of his. My family went to a local convention and met Capaldi, and they were the sweetest guy in the world.
IGN: How much work was it to get yourself acquainted with the material and riff in a way that would click with fans so well-versed in Who history?
MN: There was a little more specialized stuff, because you're dealing with something that is loved by others and that know more about it than you do; by the end of it, you better know as much as they do. In the story, as they bring the Doctors together, you have to learn what they're saying to one another. That was a deep dive: "Who's this? But they were a different actor?" Getting all of that straight in your own head was important, and we didn't want to blunder on that.
IGN: And you also had input from the folks at the show itself in terms of continuity and so on?
MN: Like any show, there's a person who controls the core tone and makes sure it's represented as it should be...
IGN: RiffTrax recently celebrated its tenth anniversary, and of course Mystery Science Theater 3000 itself has triumphantly returned with a new cast. Do you guys have any thoughts on why we're experiencing such a renaissance in riffing?
BC: The old episodes never went out of circulation. They kept being released in a pretty nice way by Shout! Factory. And there's the general trend of bringing stuff back, with the '80s and '90s being replayed show by show. It's a testament to MST3K that people remember it fondly.
MN: I hate to use such banal language, but it's really cool. When I first went to MST3K and met everyone there, I said to myself, "I know this doesn't make any sense, but I'm convinced these are some of the funniest people in the world." How they would all be together in that room by sheer coincidence doing that show, I don't know, but I enjoyed it. The reason it lasts is that everyone is really funny and talented. We were blessed to have them all. So to see them all spread out and continue to do it does not surprise me at all, and I'm delighted that people still like it. That's my long-winded answer of why I think it still resonates with people.
IGN: What's in your immediate future, and do you see a long future ahead for RiffTrax and riffing pop culture in general?
BC: If this works out well, we'd love to do another old Doctor Who, because it's been great fun. Outside of that, we're looking to see how playing in other places affects us, like being on Comet TV and Amazon Prime. We own our own stuff, so it's not a complicated chain of command, so we feel pretty excited about just doing what we want to do. I'd love to keep doing the occasional blockbuster movie punctuated with weirder, more MST3K-like movies, and they seem to be endless.
MN: We work so hard at it, and I'm not saying that to be self-aggrandizing. I'm just saying we're digging tunnels all the time, and when it comes out well and works, it doesn't surprise me. I'm delighted to be able to do it, I love my work. Sometimes people will ask me, "Don't you ever get sick of doing this?" Why would I get sick of not actually having to have a real job, even though we work very hard at it, but you know what I mean? Getting every joke right still delights me. We have a lot of talented people working very hard, and that makes it a joy every day.
IGN: One last question for you, Mike. I just happened to be watching Mitchell earlier today…
MN: Oh my God! And you're still coherent and able to function? You're made of hearty stock, I congratulate you.
IGN: Thanks! Do you still feel you have to avoid Joe Don Baker?
MN: [Laughs] Even moreso now! We just redid Final Justice as a RiffTrax, so yeah, I think so. I would hope that maybe we could just sit down and have a cigar together and go, "What was this all about?" But I'm still scared, I'll admit that.
RiffTrax Live: Doctor Who “The Five Doctors” arrives in participating theaters on August 17 and 24 courtesy of Fathom Events. For more information, head over to the Fathom page now.
Find Arnold T. Blumberg on Twitter at @DoctoroftheDead.
April 6 Power Solutions International Inc -
* Pursuant to agreement entered by co and Weichai, Shaojun Sun appointed to serve as chairperson of co -sec filing
* Pursuant to agreement entered by co and Weichai, Gary Winemaster resigned as chairperson of board Source text: [bit.ly/2o7z3xN] Further company coverage:
SYDNEY'S “Generation Next” are ganging up against defending champ Happy Clapper in the $1 million TAB Epsom Handicap (1600m) at Royal Randwick next spring.
TAB Fixed Odds has opened betting on the feature Group 1 Randwick “mile” with four of the top five in betting among this season's most outstanding three-year-olds.
Godolophin's boom colt Kementari, who won Randwick Guineas over the Epsom course last autumn, is early favourite at $6 ahead of Rosehill Guineas winner D'Argento at $8.
Alizee, winner of the Flight Stakes and Queen of the Turf Stakes over the Randwick 1600m, is at $11 alongside Pierata (Magic Millions Guineas winner and runner-up in the Randwick Guineas).
Camera Icon Happy Clapper likely to carry heavy weight into Epsom Handicap. Picture: AAP
Happy Clapper is a rising eight-year-old but they have been in the best form of their career this season winning the Epsom-Doncaster double and they are also at $11 to repel the charge of young stars Kementari and co.
Trainer Pat Webster has an open mind on Happy Clapper's spring program but the chances of the gelding defending their Epsom win are slim as the gelding is likely to be weighted out of the big race.
“I'm leaning to taking them to Melbourne for the Memsie Stakes and then the Makybe Diva Stakes,'' Webster said.
RACEDAY FOCUS: Best bets for Hawkesbury and Gosford
“He's coming along nicely, he's put on 55kg during their break and is stronger than ever so there is no reason they can't perform at a high level again in the spring.''
D'Argento is in the early stages of their new season preparation and is pleasing trainer Chris Waller.
“We will see where they fit in,'' Waller said. “He is going to be quite forward and could be ready for the Missile Stakes (August 4), they have that type of speed.
“There is a chance they could go for the Memsie Stakes and Makybe Diva Stakes.''
Pierata is the first of the “big guns” to be ready to barrier trial with Greg Hickman entering the exciting galloper for an 800m heat at Warwick Farm on Friday.
Camera Icon Kementari will start as favourite. Picture: AAP
Hickman is also readying Pierata for a comeback to racing in the Missile Stakes next month.
TAB's also opened betting on The Metropolitan with the Waller-trained Egg Tart early favourite at $8 ahead classic-winning trio Ace High (Spring Champion Stakes, Victoria Derby), Dark Dream (Queensland Derby) and Unforgotten (ATC Australian Oaks) all at $11. Brisbane Cup winner Sedanzer is also on the second line of Metropolitan betting.
#THE Australian Turf Club and Racing NSW are moving ahead with plans to construct an all-weather synthetic training track and renovate the main sand track at Royal Randwick.
“An all-weather synthetic surface will bring Royal Randwick in line with all other ATC training centres as we continue to build, maintain and Improve training and racing infrastructure at all of our racecourse,'' ATC acting chief executive James Heddo said.
BIG RACE BETTING
$1m TAB Epsom Handicap (1600m), Royal Randwick, September 29
$6 Kementari
$8 D'Argento
$11 Alizee, Happy Clapper, Pierata
$15 Comin' Through, Prompt Response, Unforgotten
$26 and longer the reset
$750,000 The Metropolitan (2400m), Royal Randwick, September 29
$8 Egg Tart
$11 Ace High, Dark Dream, Sedanzer, Unforgotten
$15 Gailo Chop, Hiyaam, Single Gaze, Sir Charles Road, Ventura Storm
$26 and longer the rest
#Markets supplied by TAB Fixed Odds
(Adds detail, auction winners, comment)
By Nina Chestney
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - One of Britain's oldest coal-fired power plants will close at the end of September after it failed to secure an agreement to provide back-up electricity on Friday, the operator said.
Eggborough power plant in Yorkshire was built in 1970 with an expected lifespan of 25 years. It has capacity of 2 gigawatts and supplies about 5 percent of the country's electricity, equivalent to powering 200 million homes.
But on Friday it failed to win a contract for providing back-up electricity generating capacity for 2018/2019, effectively cutting the thread by which it had been hanging. The plant had been due to close last March but won a contract that extended its life by a year.
“With the age of the plant and the current government's policy that all UK coal-fired power generation must cease by 2025, Eggborough has been under threat of closure for the past few years,” said Eggborough Power managing director Adam Booth.
The plant will continue to meet its obligations under the current capacity market contract, which runs to the end of September, but without a contract for future years it will not be economically viable to continue operations, the company added.
The number of potential redundancies is subject to consultation but a number of roles might be needed to support decommissioning and demoliton beyond September, it said.
A planning application is being progressed to develop a new 2,500 megawatt gas-fired power station (CCGT) at the site, but it is unlikely to be operational until the early 2020s.
Britain began capacity auctions in 2014, looking to head off future power shortages as coal plants close and as investors find little incentive to build new power plants.
The auctions reward successful bidders for keeping power plants on standby so they can be called upon when renewable energy production is low or demand is high.
In its latest capacity auction, Britain secured 10.66 gigawatts of backup electricity capacity for 2018/2019 at 6 pounds/kilowatt/year, National Grid data showed on Thursday.
EDF Energy won one for a unit at its West Burton A coal-fired power plant, while SSE won one for its gas-fired power station at Peterhead.
RWE Generation failed to secure a contract for its Grimsby A gas plant but said that does not affect future operations. (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by David Goodman)
Delph in action against Belgium's Nacer Chadli.
FABIAN DELPH HAS flown back out to rejoin the rest of the England squad at the World Cup following the birth of their third child.
The Manchester City midfielder returned home from Russia to be with wife Natalie straight after the 1-0 loss to Group G rivals Belgium, meaning they missed Tuesday's dramatic last-16 tie with Colombia.
England will face Sweden in the quarter-finals following their 4-3 shoot-out success, with Eric Dier converting the winning penalty in Moscow.
Alongside an Instagram picture of them sat on a jet, Delph wrote: ”I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours.
Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.
”At 07:52, Me, my wife and two beautiful daughters welcomed their baby sister into the world. I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling… Back to Russia now.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Just when we thought we were done with flagship phones for 2017, HTC has confirmed via a tweet that it will unveil something new on 2 November, and we fully expect it to be the U11 Plus.
Rumoured specs for the phone have already been leaked, but now the new device has appeared on GFXBench, via MySmartPrice, giving us some more concrete details.
The listing confirms a 6-inch Quad HD 2880 x 1440 display with 18:9 aspect ratio, in a body that's only 5mm taller than the current U11. Under the hood there will be Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage and a 3,300mAh battery with QuickCharge 3.0 support. HTC released a limited edition version of the regular U11 with 6GB of RAM, so it's possible the same will happen with the Plus variant.
The rear-facing camera is expected to stay the same at 12-megapixels with f/1.7 aperture, while the front-facing camera is listed at 8-megapixels. The regular U11 has a 16-megapixel front snapper, so we're surprised to see a dip in the number of megapixels.
1/3 OnLeaks
As with the U11, the U11 Plus is also expected to ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack in favour of USB-C audio and should retain the squeezable frame to launch various services and apps.
All of this adds up to a phone that can comfortably rival the recently released Google Pixel 2 XL, a phone that we feel hasn't quite lived up to the hype, mainly because of the quality of the screen. If the U11 Plus can deliver a knockout display, it will easily slay its LG-made rival.
The jump to an 18:9 bezel-less display will mean the front-mounted fingerprint scanner on the U11 will be moved to the rear of the device, but before you think it will ruin the gorgeous liquid surface glass finish, OnLeaks has provided some renders that show the U11 Plus could retain its good looks.
We think the U11 is one of the best looking phones of the year, the Solar Red edition especially, so we're pleased to see HTC will use the liquid surface finish again. OnLeaks shows the U11 Plus in a light blue colour, but official colours haven't been confirmed.
We have a couple of weeks to wait until HTC officially unveils the U11 Plus and now we know practically all there is to know, we can't wait. We're now hoping it doesn't cost the earth when it launches.
By Sam McPherson
The Major League Baseball season is two weeks in, and already there have been a ton of players suffering injuries and landing on the new 10-day disabled list. The 2015 American League Most Valuable Player, Toronto Blue Jays third baseman Josh Donaldson, was off to a great start before aggravating their calf and landing on the DL. Same for two-time All-Star closer Zach Britton, who was leading the AL in saves with five. the Baltimore Orioles closer is now on the DL, too, with a forearm strain. You just can't avoid injuries in fantasy baseball, unless you're very, very lucky.
However, unlike fantasy football, which is much more punishing if you lose a top draft pick to injury so soon, you can overcome these kinds of injuries in fantasy baseball. Most of the time, you can find able replacements on the waiver wire in April to alleviate the pain of an injured player. Yes, Donaldson is harder to replace than Britton, using the above examples, because someone on the Orioles still has to save games, whereas hitting home runs and collecting RBI is harder when it comes to finding another third baseman like Donaldson.
The point is that injuries happen to almost every team in your league, and they happen often. Generally, it's always a priority to replace injured hitters first, because the counting stats (HRs, RBI, etc.) are predominant—and the skill sets are harder to replicate. With pitching, it's best to prioritize replacing closers over starters, as saves come from everywhere whereas bad starters can ruin your place in the standings, thanks to the ERA and WHIP categories.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Ryan Zimmerman, 1B, Washington Nationals: This would be a perfect replacement for Donaldson, if Zimmerman still played third. Depending on your roster, maybe you can juggle the 1B/3B slots a bit and grab Zimmerman while Donaldson heals. Strangely, Zimmerman was only an All-Star selection once (2009), but he's off to a good start in 2017 with a .341 average, three HRs and six RBI. It may not last long, considering recent history. They haven't played a full season since 2013, but if you just need a few weeks out of them while Donaldson gets back to full strength, Zimmerman is as good an option as any.
2. Jason Vargas, SP, Kansas City Royals: Coming back from a UCL tear is never certain, but Vargas looks to be in good shape right now. They started three games late last year and got progressively better each time out. With another offseason to recover, Vargas has started off this season strong (2-0, 0.66 ERA, 14 strikeouts), and although they probably won't throw more than 150 innings this whole season, now's the time to get on board and ride their arm for as long as you can. Vargas isn't going to win the Cy Young Award, but you don't need them to in order to benefit from their comeback.
3. Chris Devenski, P, Houston Astros: This is an interesting proposition, since Devenski isn't in the Astros starting rotation. However, they started five games last year and should find their way into a starter's role soon. Devenski's numbers in relief this year is stellar already (17 Ks in nine innings, plus a 1.00 ERA), and for their career so far, the numbers are stable and good (117 1/3 IP, 121 Ks, 2.07 ERA, 0.886 WHIP). Even if they don't start that often, their overall numbers can only help your fantasy staff. Sometimes, it's the sneaky reliever types like this that win the league for you.
4. Aaron Judge, OF, New York Yankees: They had a rough start to their career last season, but Judge already looks a lot better this season (three HRs, seven RBIs, .870 OPS). Their batting eye looks improved, too, based on four walks already in 10 games after Judge had nine total last year in 27 games. They could supply a ton of power for your team if another player goes down with an injury—and a lineup juggle works for you. Just 25 years old, Judge is one of several young Yankees looking to bring the power and the glory back to the Bronx.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Byron Buxton, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's still only 23 years old, but with 149 MLB games under their belt now since 2015, it doesn't look like Buxton is ever going to be the great player they were touted to be. He's struck out 23 times already this season, in just 12 games. Overall, he's hitting just .093, and again, with almost a full season compiled in stats, little about those numbers (.210 average, only 13 stolen bases) suggests he's going to have a good career. Maybe they turn it around eventually, but in single-season leagues, let someone else take the chance on Buxton. You can find better players on the waiver wire.
2. Sam Dyson, RP, Texas Rangers: Hopefully, you didn't draft both Britton and Dyson, because you'd really need to find saves now. Dyson has been a nightmare this year (0-2, 24.75 ERA) after posting 38 saves last year. But their strikeout rate has never been great (career 7.4 Ks per nine IP), so they were a risky pick to begin with this year. Psychologically, it's hard to see the Rangers going back to Dyson later for saves, especially when they have better options on their roster. Drop them and find a better reliever. Someone else can take a chance on Dyson.
3. Russell Martin, C, Toronto Blue Jays: A four-time All-Star selection, Martin (and their Blue Jays) are off to a terrible start this season. However, they are a career .253 hitter, and for a catcher with their power, that's acceptable. You know they will bounce back later along with their whole team. In the meantime, however, stash them on your bench and pick up a streaky, hot-hitting, unknown catcher. This will save your team average for now, and you'll be able to ride the inevitable, stat-correcting run Martin goes on later this summer.
4. Jeff Samardzija, SP, San Francisco Giants: He's now 0-3 with a 6.16 ERA and a 1.42 WHIP, although they looked a little better on Sunday against Colorado (no walks, eight Ks) despite taking the loss. However, the problem is that the Shark is the team's No. 4 starter, and they lack the quality stuff plus the mental fortitude (which is surprising, considering their college football days playing for Notre Dame) to overcome the San Francisco roster's many deficiencies. He's not Madison Bumgarner, and right now, even Bumgarner is winless for this last-place Giants team. Bench Samardzija if you must, but there are better SPs on the waiver wire.
BATTLE CREEK (WWJ/AP) – A Michigan woman wants to send their daughter to college — and she's not afraid to beg.
Lori Truex began standing on a busy street corner in Battle Creek this week with a handmade plea for donations. Kendall Truex has been accepted to Michigan State University but needs $24,000.
Them sign says Kendall is a 4.0 student. Truex says they drive a school bus, and their husband works in a factory. They say soliciting money for their daughter is out of their “comfort zone” but “you do what you have to do for your kids.”
They say that their daughter has received grants totaling over $5,000 and she's looking to raise the remaining $24,000 over the course of the next 79 days by standing on a city corner — eight hours a day to raise the money– they figure they need to average a little over $300 a day.
On Truex's GoFundMe page says they and their husband are in student loan debt to the tune of $60,000 for a parent plus loan they took for another daughter to attend Grand Valley State University.
“This is the dirty little secret that parents don't want to admit to themselves or others,” they say. “We can't afford to send our children to college!”
Them daughter spent their first two years at Kellogg Community College thru the Legacy Scholars Program and is looking to complete their undergrad degree at MSU.
You can also find Truex on Twitter @1Mom1Year.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Russia's Roscosmos space corporation and its Chinese counterparts signed a number of agreements on space cooperation last month during a summit between Presidents Putin and Xi. The agreements followed a deal signed in March on Russian-Chinese cooperation in the exploration of the moon and outer space, and the creation of joint orbital groups.
A delegation from China's National Space Administration is set to hold talks with Roscosmos on the possibility of creating a jointly-run orbital station, Sputnik has learned from a source in the space and rocketry industry.
"The delegation's visit to Moscow is planned for the end of this week. The issue of cooperation in the field of manned programs will be discussed with our Chinese colleagues," the source said.
The Chinese government is interested in Russia's experience with long space flights and the construction of large space projects as it prepares to start construction of a large, multi-module space station within the next few years. In addition, the source said, China lacks access to key technology and is ready to partner with Roscosmos in exchange for Russian know-how.
Roscosmos already has plans to cooperate with China on a variety of space-related projects, including the creation of a super-heavy rocket, which would be necessary for the construction of a large space station and to lift its large components into orbit. In March, Popular Mechanics reported, citing Roscosmos sources, that Russia was considering shifting its human spaceflight cooperation away from the US toward China in the medium to long term.
In 2011, China became the third country in the world after the Soviet Union and the United States to launch an orbital space station. Its Tiangong-1 station reentered the Earth's atmosphere in April 2018 after nearly seven years in orbit. The scientific station was similar in design and purpose to the Soviet Almaz and Salyut series of space stations, and was used among other things to test spacecraft docking procedures and autonomous life support. In 2016, China launched Tiangong-2.
China plans to begin construction on a multi-module station in 2020, with the project set to include three modules and two docking points for spacecraft or additional modules.
© Photo : Wikipedia/NASA Russia to Deliver US New Rocket Engines As Trump Creates Space Force
The International Space Station's operational lifespan is expected to be expanded by three years; it will remain in orbit until it is retired in 2028. If this does not occur, Moscow plans to detach new Russian ISS modules planned for launch in 2019, 2020 and 2022 and build a Russian orbital station. Russia is also in negotiations with NASA, Europe, Japan and Canada on the Lunar Orbital Platform-Gateway, a planned lunar-orbit space station project.
The analysis of information, obtained by European intelligence from President-elect Donald Trump's transition team and cited by Bild, revealed that the White House would go for a "constructive cooperation" with the Kremlin.
The veteran diplomat has reportedly met with Trump several times in the past couple of months and is rumored to be their informal foreign policy adviser.
Kissinger served as the US state secretary under President Richard Nixon and President Gerald Ford in 1973-1977, winning the Nobel Peace Prize in 1973 for the ceasefire and withdrawal of US troops from Vietnam. Kissinger also pioneered the detente policy toward the Soviet Union and contributed to the improvement of US relations with China.
© Sputnik/ Alexey Nikolsky Kissinger May Seek to Steer Trump to US-Russia-China Axis
Kissinger's participation in elaborating a new conception of US-Russia ties is very possible. This is a good piece of news for Moscow and a signal that Washington wants to establish dialogue, according to Vladimir Batyuk, a senior expert at the Institute for US and Canadian Studies, at the Russian Academy of Sciences.
"Kissinger could have been involved in development of a new conception of US-Russia ties because they have already played the role of an unofficial mediator between Moscow and Washington.  They are very respected in the US and Russia. And they deserve their reputation," Batyuk told RIA Novosti.
The expert noted that Kissinger has visited Russia many times and delivered "confidential messages from the US government to the Kremlin."
"So, Trump could have asked Kissinger to help them develop a new foreign policy course towards Russia," they added.
Batyuk stressed that Kissinger's involvement in US-Russia normalization would a "great piece of news" for Moscow because the diplomat is well-known for their realistic political views.
"Such a classic of political realism could help overcome a deadlock in relations between the US and Russia," they added.
According to the specialist, the main reason behind this deadlock is that Washington's approach towards Moscow was based on "American ideals and values, rather than American interests."
"When it comes to ideology no compromise is possible," Batyuk said.
© AFP 2016/ JEFF KOWALSKY Trump Seeks to Repeat Kissinger's Balance of Power Strategy With Russia
Kissinger will try to reduce US tensions with Russia as an adviser to President-elect Donald Trump and seek positive cooperation between the two nations, retired US Army Major and historian Todd Pierce told Sputnik.
"Compare Kissinger as an informal advisor and their 'constructive cooperation' with Hilary Clinton's 'informal advisor,' the neo-fascist leaning Robert Kagan and their wife [current Assistant Secretary of State] Victoria Nuland who did their best to provoke war with Russia over Ukraine," they said.
Pierce recalled that throughout their life and career, Kissinger had consistently championed detente, removing tensions and seeking warm relations between the US and the Soviet Union.
In a December interview with the CBS broadcaster, the 93-year-old diplomat called Russian President Vladimir Putin a "character out of Dostoevsky" and a "cold calculator of the Russian national interest, as they conceive it."
"Kissinger really does know our country well… It does not mean that they agree with Russia on everything, and nobody would expect that from him, but at least, they have profound, not shallow knowledge [about Russia]," Kremlin Spokesperson Dmitry Peskov commented.
According to him, Putin and Kissinger have known each other for a long time and, whenever possible, exchange opinions on the situation in the world and the relationship between Russia and the US.
Since 2010, the member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) have voiced their collective concern over the growing tension in the South China Sea. In 2017, however, the regional bloc changed its tune as it began praising China for its constructive role in the management of the South China Sea dispute. That year, the chairperson of the ASEAN was Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who was bent on appeasing Chinese expansion in the area. Obviously, they have been lured by the Chinese promise of trade concessions, grants, loans, and investment.
Consequently, the Philippines has subscribed to Beijing's official mantra, “that after several years of disruption caused mainly by ‘non-regional' countries (Japan and the US), the South China Sea has calmed with China and Southeast Asian countries agreeing to peacefully resolve [their] disputes.” They put this mantra into practice during the Philippine chairpersonship of the ASEAN that same year.
THE STRATEGIC MARGINALIZATION OF ASEAN
The People's Liberation Army (PLA) has built airfields on three artificial islands and has installed anti-aircraft guns and other weapon systems on all of the seven islands it controls to defend them against cruise missiles. China has rapidly expanded its strategic footprint across disputed land features in the Paracel and Spratly Islands, deploying its military, coast guard, and paramilitary patrols across contested waters. People's Liberation Army's Navy (PLAN) Commander Admiral Wu Shengli declared that China will not recede over territorial sovereignty or fear any military provocation and would complete constructions to a level directed by the threat to China.
Alarmed by these developments, the US Navy began conducting its Freedom of Navigation (FON) patrols near Chinese-occupied features in the South China Sea. During the 2017 Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a veiled warning to China as they announced the US opposition to militarizing artificial islands and unilateral, coercive changes to the status quo in the South and East China Seas.
In the same month, the Department of Defense (DOD) released its annual report on China's increasing expansion concluded that China will be able to use its expanded land features in the disputed waters “as persistent civil-military bases to enhance its long-term presence in the South China Sea significantly.”
Another development that will adversely affect ASEAN's role in regional security is the revival of a loose security association called “Quadrilateral Security Dialogue” or the QUAD. Australia, India, Japan, and the US created the QUAD on the sidelines of the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) Summit in Manila in 2007. Its goal was to provide a platform for these four Indo-Pacific powers to exchange views on regional security issues with a special focus on the rise of China and its implication for Asia.
The QUAD was revived in Manila on the sidelines of the East Asian Summit in mid-November 2017. The revival emphasizes the importance of rules-based order, connectivity ventures that are not fueled by predatory financing, and the principle that territorial disputes should be resolved peacefully and in accordance with international law.
All of these developments point to the growing great power competition in the Indo-Pacific region, one which is effectively marginalizing ASEAN as the central actor in security architecture.
SINGAPORE'S TASK: TO ARREST ASEAN'S MARGINALIZATION
As ASEAN's chairperson in 2018, Singapore's role is to arrest the association's declining role in regional security affairs triggered by the growing competition among the US and its allies and partners in the QUAD versus China. Singapore's chairpersonship theme is based on two goals: “Resilience” and “Innovation.” Resilience refers to the goal of member states to enhance the capacity of ASEAN to deal with both internal and external challenges. Pursuing this goal requires two important tasks for Singapore.
First, it must help manage intra-ASEAN dynamics to ensure that the association remains united and cohesive to secure its role in maintaining regional peace and security. Second, it must be able to navigate ASEAN in the dangerous waters of great power rivalry, particularly in steering it to avoid takings sides among the competing powers that can wide the cleavage within the member states.
Singapore must harness its determination, experience, wealth, and network to transform the ASEAN Secretariat into a more powerful institution. It should be able to leverage its long experience in dealing with the core-member states such as Malaysia and Indonesia to collectively push for the reform of the Secretariat in terms of budget and supranational functions.
Led by Singapore, ASEAN must be able to manage the conflicting interests of the great powers in the Indo-Pacific region. It must be able to convince the great powers to abide by the ASEAN proven method of consultations to manage their differences.
Singapore, along with Indonesia, should be able to transform the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation (TAC) to an “Indo-Pacific” wide treaty of friendship and cooperation. This will send a clear message to the competing great powers on the existence of a strong leadership in ASEAN that can withstand any undue external pressure on the bloc.
Furthermore, it is in the interest of these powers to ensure that ASEAN remains in the driver's seat in terms of managing regional security affairs. Under the leadership of Singapore, ASEAN must explore the possibilities of creating an open, transparent, and inclusive regional architecture based on its norms of periodic consultation and on international law.
Renato Cruz de Castro is a trustee and convenor of National Security and East Asian Affairs Program, Stratbase ADR Institute.
A local charity received major support from a national car retailer.
Brian's Safehouse received a check today from both Subaru of America and Hometown Subaru.
A donation is given every year to a local charity thanks to Subaru's “Share the Love Event.”
Officials from Subaru presented the check to Brian's Safehouse because of the work this
local charity does fight substance abuse.
Executive Director Leon Brush said they are so thankful for Subaru's effort in fighting drug
addiction.
“We are so thankful for their participation in the community effort fighting drug addiction
and substance abuse for both men and women,” said Mr. Brush.
Hometown Automotive's CFO said they chose Brian's Safehouse because addiction is something that
hits home with so many people.
“Brian's Safehouse has so graciously spent their time and resources on the addiction problem and
that is something that hits home with so many people especially in our area,” said Alex Williams.
Each Subaru retailer selected the Hometown charity to support.
Comments
Avaya adds team collaboration to UC
Avaya Holdings has added cloud-based team collaboration to the Avaya Equinox Experience, the company's signature unified communications and collaboration user interface and cloud service.
The Avaya Equinox Experience leapfrogs other vendors' offerings by delivering deep level of integration between unified communications and the tools needed for seamless, simple, highly productive team collaboration.
The Avaya Equinox Experience is a user interface for one-stop access to voice, video, chat communications channels, calendar, meetings and more. Its “mobile-first” Top of Mind screen provides at-a-glance visibility to everything that a user needs in realtime: schedule, contacts, messages, voice and video.
The new capabilities of Avaya Equinox Experience address the growing demand for easy-to-use, integrated, unified communication and team collaboration. According to Gartner, “by year-end 2022, 70% of teams will rely on workstream collaboration as the primary means of communicating, coordinating and sharing information between team members, displacing email.”
With the addition of team collaboration, Avaya Equinox users can create and enter team rooms organized by a variety of categories with members both inside and outside of the organization, essentially breaking down the boundaries of a company's communications infrastructure. The enhanced Avaya Equinox Experience will provide and support persistent messaging, ad hoc and scheduled meetings, with audio and video conferencing, screen and file sharing and task assignment.
As an example, a sales team creating a proposal could use Avaya Equinox team collaboration and create rooms for customer presentation and demonstration planning, configuration and bill of materials, project pricing and discounts, contracts, installation planning and services. The sales team could invite both internal and external team members for an easy, persistent and trackable means of communicating, individual or group meetings, sharing presentations, spreadsheets, installation diagrams, and speeding decision-making.
An enterprise-grade solution, Avaya Equinox provides a higher level of security over consumer-grade messaging and applications. The cloud-based, team collaboration capabilities are available standalone and also easily integrate with on-premises deployments of Avaya Equinox supported by both Avaya Aura and Avaya IP Office, Avaya's industry-leading communications platforms.
“The market is rife with applications claiming to enable employee productivity, but few deliver the level of integration that crosses communication channels and modes, context and contacts, workflow activities and infrastructure boundaries,” says Laurent Philonenko, senior vice-president and GM: solutions and technologies at Avaya. “That's where the Avaya Equinox Experience stands out – and is why companies are coming back to Avaya for the communication and collaboration tools that get work done. Welcome to the Avaya Connected World – open, agile and secure.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A suburban Georgia school district superintendent, in an effort to highlight diversity, reported that 140 languages are spoken in the district.
DeKalb County School District Superintendent Stephen Green issued a statement to highlight diversity in the district and urge compassion toward its immigrant and refugee student population after two teachers allegedly made derogatory remarks against illegal immigrant students, the Champion Newspaper reports.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“We are hearing a lot of conversation right now, some of it extreme, about how residents from originally outside our country should be treated,” Green wrote. “We have 102,000 students here. They come from more than 180 countries, and they speak 140 languages. We value them; we love them and we respect what their presence here says about the goodness and generosity of America – our diversity is our strength.”
Green issued the statement Jan. 30 after two Cross Keys High School teachers were removed from their posts because of the alleged anti-immigrant remarks.
The teachers were removed from their classrooms Nov. 10 as district officials launched investigations into claims they made about illegal immigrants after Donald Trump's election win Nov. 8, the Atlanta Journal- Constitution reports.
ESOL and history teacher Susan Petre and French teacher Diane Clark resigned in late November and early December respectively instead of facing termination by the district.
The Cross Keys High School student population is 80 percent Hispanic or Latino, 11 percent black, six percent Asian, one percent white, and one percent other races, according to data from the district.
Green spoke out against teachers voicing their personal feelings in December and also made their point in January's statement.
“Our schools will be safe places for learning and teaching,” they wrote. “We will not tolerate any form of bullying or discrimination on or off district property that interferes with learning or the rights of others.”
“I was a little nervous coming into this match,” Astle said. “Emma Jewell, they haven't played first singles before, and she's a great player. And we've played together since we were little and we're best friends, so I knew this would be a really hard match.
Carrick AC's Eanna Madden will don the Irish vest again later this month after they were selected for the European Team Championship competition in Finland.
Eanna, who ran their second best time ever for 100m last Saturday in Germany with a 10.65 seconds clocking, will run over 100m and is also on the 4 x 100m squad that competes in Vaasa Finland on the weekend of June 22-24.
Eanna's clubmate Gerard O'Donnell opened their season with a second place finish over 110m hurdles at the Northern Ireland championships with a time of 14.93 seconds.
Leitrim's young athletes had some good performances last Saturday in Sligo with Connacht medals for North Leitrim's Karen Mulvaney Kelly & Lucy Boyle in the U10 Turbo Javelin and Carrick AC's Faith Lynott (U12 Shot), Darragh Gardiner (U12 Shot), Gerard Murtagh (U13 Long Jump) and the Carrick U12 boys relay team.
Full results of Leitrim competitors as follows:
Girls
U9: 60m: Eppie McAllister & Ellie Murphy Ballinamore 10.81 & 11.78 (22.59) 7th; Maebh Connolly & Sarah Mulvaney Kelly North Leitrim 11.77 & 11.32 (23.09) 11th; 300m: Sarah Mulvaney Kelly & Maebh Connolly 63.71 & 63.17 (2.066.88) 4th
U10: 60m: Anna Keane & Amy Murtagh Carrick 10.65 & 10.62 (21.27) 7th; Phoebe Lynott & Aoife McDwyer Carrick 11.4 & 11.26 (22.66) 13th; Mia Connolly & Lucy Boyle North Leitrim 10.75 & 12.6 (23.35) 14th; 500m: Mia Connolly & Karen Mulvaney Kelly North Leitrim 1.51.7 & 2.05.6 (3.57.25) 7th; Long Jump: Amy Murtagh 2.78m & Anna Keane 2.98m (5.76m) 8th; Grace McCawley 2.58m & Celia Morahan 2.13m (4.71m) 11th; Sarah Gray 2.23m & Sorcha Reilly 2.31m (Mohill) (4.54m) 12th; Turbo Javelin: Karen Mulvaney Kelly 9.07m & Lucy Boyle 10.21m (19.28m) 3rd
U11: 60m: Lucy Murphy & Aisling Maguire Ballinamore 9.99 & 10.33 (20.32) 5th; Sinead Martin & Thianna Regan Ballinamore 10.57 & 10.49 (21.06) 9th; Caireann O'Grady & Laura Faughnan Carrick AC 10.99 & 11.23 (22.22) 15th; Long Jump: Lucy Murphy 2.74m & Aisling Maguire 2.62m (5.36m) 10th; Caireann O'Grady 2.32m & Laura Faughnan 2.69m (5.01m) 13th; Thianna Regan 2.37m & Romy McAllister 2.35m (4.72m); Turbo Javelin: Sinead Martin 9.32m & Romy McAllister 9.09m (18.41m); Aoife Ryan 8.11m & Mollie Smith 6.67m Drumshanbo; Orla McWeeney 6.91m & Ursula Reilly 6.28m Mohill (13.19m)
U12: Shot: Faith Lynott Carrick 5.80m 2nd; Long Jump: Faith Lynott 2.88m; Leah McCawley Carrick 2.24; Ellie Butler Carrick 2.22m; Turbo: Mairead Lowe Carrick 10.86m 5th
U13: 600m: Saoirse McGlynn Carrick 2.09.61 16th; Aoife Maguire North Leitrim 2.14.71 19th; Long Jump: Micaela Dunne Carrick 2.98m; Roisin Kelleher Carrick 2.88m; Javelin: Maebh McGagh North Leitrim 13.75m 6th; Shauna Fallon North Leitrim 13.06m 7th; Aoife Maguire 12.22m 9th; Shot: Sarah O'Beirne Mohill 6.69m 5th; Sarah Foley North Leitrim 6.01m 9th
Boys
U9: 60m: Sean Keaney & Michael O'Grady Carrick 10.65 & 10.82 (21.47) 6th; Long Jump: Sean Keaney 2.19 & Michael O'Grady 2.52 (4.71) 11th
U10: 60m: Mark Nolan & Daire McCabe Drumshanbo 10.61 & 10.17 (20.78) 6th; Nathan Casey & Sean Gaffney Carrick 10.5 & 10.87 (21.37) 15th; 500m: Daire McCabe & Mark Nolan 1.52.7 7 1.51.6 (3.44.31) 6th; Jack Moolick & Daniel McManus Drumshanbo 1.50.0 & 2.09.4 (3.59.35) 11th; Long Jump: Rian Walpole 2.48m & John Macklin 2.65m Mohill (5.13m) 12th; Senan McGowan 2.40m & Rionn Gallagher 2.46m Drumshanbo (4.86m) 13th; Nathan Casey 2.64m & Sean Gaffney 2.20m (4.84m) 14th; Turbo Javelin: Rionn Gallagher 10.68m & Daniel McManus 13.74m Drumshanbo (24.42m) 6th; Jack Moolick 13.43m & Daniel McManus 8.95m (22.38m) 7th
U11: 60m: Eoin O'Reilly & Alan O'Beirne Mohill 9.93 & 10.99 (20.92) 9th; Luke Fitzmaurice & James Hughes North Leitrim 10.31 & 10.77 (21.08) 11th; Ben O'Connor & Oisin Mollohan Carrick 10.03 & 10.73 (21.76) 15th; 600m: Luke Fitzmaurice & James Hughes 2.07.2 & 2.13.6 (4.20.81) 7th, Alan O'Beirne & Eoin O'Reilly 2.42.9 & 2.27.9 (5.10.62) 12th; Long Jump: Oisin Mollohan 2.48m & Ben O'Connor 2.42m (4.90m) 11th; Turbo Javelin: Darragh McCormack 13.29m & Sean Nolan 9.32m Drumshanbo 22.61m; Callum O'Rourke 9.32m & James Winters 10.93m Drumshanbo (20.25m); Tom Moolick 7.65m & Josh McWeeney 10.48m Drumshanbo (18.13m)
U12: 600m: Darragh Lee Drumshanbo 1.59.04 6th; Dara Holmes Carrick AC 2.06.50 14th; Matthew Lee Ballinamore 2.07.88 17th; Long Jump: Frank Cullen Carrick AC 3.24m; Alan Beirne Carrick AC 2.90m; Aaron Gardiner Carrick AC 2.62m; Francie Crumlish North Leitrim 2.37m; Turbo Javelin: Dara Holmes 22.46m 4th; Brian Keaney 17.41m 7th; Francie Crumlish 15.33m 8th; Shot: Darragh Gardiner Carrick AC 6.17m 3rd; Francie Crumlish 5.25m 7th
U13: 80m: Gerard Murtagh Carrick AC 5th 11.65; 60m Hurdles: Sean Kerins North Leitrim 5th 11.94; Danny Kerins North Leitrim 12.75 8th; Long Jump: Gerard Murtagh 4.17m 3rd; Finn Verachtert North Leitrim 3.76m 7th; Danny Kerins 3.48m, Sam Kerins 3.46m, Dhani Keane Carrick 3.18m, Sean Giblin North Leitrim 3.02m; Ryan O'Dowd Carrick 2.50m; Javelin: Finn Verachtert 21.75m 4th; Edward Mitchell North Leitrim 15.56m 7th; Sam Kerins 13.55m 9th
Macedonia has been marred by a political crisis for two years now, and there seems to be no light at the end of the tunnel. The situation deteriorated on March 1 when President Gjorge Ivanov, who was elected head of state as VMRO-DPMNE's candidate, refused to grant Social Democratic Union of Macedonia (SDSM) leader Zoran Zaev the mandate to form a government, despite the opposition leader having secured a majority in parliament with ethnic Albanian parties.
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski People protest in front of the Parliament building in Skopje, Macedonia, on Tuesday, March 21, 2017. Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered in Macedonia's capital, Skopje, Tuesday to protest a visit by a European Union envoy who is trying to break the political deadlock that has left the country without a government for three months
Supporters of the right-wing VMRO-DPMNE party then took to the streets bearing cardboard shields, painted in the national colors, red and yellow, to display dislike for the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia (SDSM)-led coalition government.
Sputnik Serbia took a closer look at the crisis and interviewed a number of political analysts who described how the country has been the victim of Western manipulation.
Macedonia is the only country which peacefully seceded from Yugoslavia through a referendum of 1991, when the rest of the post-Yugoslavian space was engulfed by violence and was drowning in bloodshed.
The West, which had been working hard to split Yugoslavia, has ever since held up Macedonia to the rest of the world as an example of a peaceful solution to a political crisis.
The authorities in the Macedonian capital of Skopje then vowed to participate in the processes of Euro-Atlantic integration, much to the applause of the West, which granted the country the status of NATO aspiring member state back in 1999.
Macedonia however has been prevented from joining the alliance by Greece, over a naming irregularity. Citing historical and territorial concerns resulting from the ambiguity between the Republic of Macedonia, the adjacent Greek region of Macedonia and the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon which falls mostly within Greek Macedonia, Greece opposes the use of the name "Macedonia" by the Republic of Macedonia without a geographical qualifier such as "Northern Macedonia."
Macedonia's official name therefore is the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (sometimes abbreviated as FYROM and FYR Macedonia).
In 2001, the country was marred by an armed conflict with Albanian separatists, which ended with the Ohrid Framework Agreement, granting the Albanian minority greater rights than usually given to minorities.
Skopje signed the agreement under the soft pressure of the West in exchange for the status of an EU candidate member state.
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski A protestor holds the flags of the United States, Macedonia, Albania and the European Union while attending a march through downtown Skopje, Macedonia, Monday, April 18, 2016
It expected Brussels to find a solution to the Greek veto, however the international community seems to have had a change of heart.
Back in May 2015, the issue of ethnic tensions within Macedonia gained global headlines once again, after eight police officers and 14 others were killed during a two-day shootout between police and an armed paramilitary group of ethnic Albanians in the northern city of Kumanovo.
The events might have sobered the Macedonians, who understood that their authorities were no longer favored by the West. At that particular moment a new opposition figure appeared on the arena, namely Zoran Zaev, and the Albanian factor intensified.
© AP Photo/ Robert ATANASOVSKI (FILES) This file photo taken on December 04, 2016 shows the leader of the main Macedonian opposition Social Democrats Zoran Zaev delivering a speech during a pre election rally in Skopje on December 4, 2016
With the success of 2001 in mind, the Albanian minority is now demanding a confederation, basically a change of the state structure of Macedonia, which currently remains a unitary state.
The crisis deteriorated after Skopje refused to impose sanctions on Moscow. In April 2016, the country was engulfed in protests against the incumbent President Gjorge Ivanov and the government led by the interim Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev from the ruling VMRO-DPMNE party.
© REUTERS/ OgnenTeofilovski A demonstrator is seen with their face painted in support of a "colorful revolution" during a protest against the government, in front of the EU office in Skopje, Macedonia April 21, 2016.
Referred to by some as the "Colored Revolution,", the protests began after a controversial decision by the President to halt an investigation into former Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski and dozens of politicians who were allegedly involved in a wiretapping scandal.
The demonstrations were organized by "Protestiram" (I protest) and supported by a coalition led by the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia, and other opposition parties.
© AP Photo/ Dragan Perkovski Nikola Gruevski, leader of the ruling conservative VMRO-DPMNE party, greets their supporters claiming victory on a general election, at the party headquarters in Skopje, Macedonia, early Monday, Dec. 12, 2016.
The December parliamentary elections, which were originally planned for April 24 and later June 5, were called as part of an agreement brokered by the European Union to end the protests against the government of Nikola Gruevski. The ruling VMRO-DPMNE maintained a small majority, however Zoran Zaev formed a coalition with ethnic Albanian parties and secured a majority in parliament.
 They are now insisting on a mandate to form the government and has put forward the so-called "Albanian Platform", (or "Tirana Platform", after Tirana, Albania, where it was put together) a set of Albanian conditions for their participation in any new Macedonian government.
© AP Photo/ Darko Vojinovic Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov
The Albanian Platform, according to the local media, could lead to a "series of moves that divide Macedonia on ethnic lines, into cantons or federal units."
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski Brussels 'Defeated' in Macedonia After Anti-EU Protests Sweep the Country
Macedonia's President, Gjorge Ivanov, has refused to grant the mandate, claiming acceptance of the Albanian Platform endangers Macedonia's existence.
Commenting on the situation in the country, Aleksandar Gajic, political analyst at the Institute of European Studies in Belgrade told Sputnik that Macedonia, in its current unitary, independent and sovereign state, might have been only buying time from the West, which now wants not so much to punish Skopje for its disobedience as to reward their faithful ally, the Albanians.
"It is clear that the Albanians want to re-consider the borders of the states in the region, starting with the separation of Kosovo and Metohija, then creating Ilirida on the territory of Macedonia and Chameria in Greece, and then annexing part of Montenegro where they also have territorial claims," they told Sputnik.
They also called Macedonia a victim, which is being sacrificed for the sake of greater strategic purposes.
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski People protest marching through a street in Skopje, Macedonia, on Thursday, March 2, 2017
"Macedonia has fallen out of favor after it tried to defend its territorial integrity and constitutional order and after its attempts to strengthen its economic and political relations by supporting some geopolitical processes. I'm talking primarily about the construction of a gas pipeline within the Turkish Stream project and further cooperation with other Slavic nations in the Balkans," they said.
They also suggested that the EU and the US in many ways are trying to support the claims of Albanians for the remodeling of Macedonia and turning it into a binational state, which could be easily separated at any moment and re-named for the sake of further Euro-integration.
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski Macedonian flag in front of the government building in Skopje, Macedonia (File)
"However, it won't be the state of the Macedonians any longer but an entity, one part of which will under the rule of the Albanians and the other – under those who obey the West against the will of the Macedonian people," they stated.
Aleksandar Mitovski, Director of the Center for Research and Analysis in Skopje also agrees that the West has been manipulating Macedonia for more than two decades now.
© AP Photo/ Boris Grdanoski Balkan Knot: Macedonia's Political Crisis Threatens to Redraw European Borders
They reminded Sputnik that back in 1992 the West promised their country that its name would be changed soon, but it still remains the same.
"Macedonia has been always obsequious and servile towards the West. Let's recall the protests when the authorities allowed NATO jets to use Macedonian air bases and fields to bomb Yugoslavia, however the authorities pursued with their decision," they told Sputnik.
"They know in the West that the ethnic conflict is Macedonia's sore spot which it can push at any time and get what it wants. This is exactly what is going on right now," they concluded.
The acrimony at Carleton Place Town Hall reached a boiling point Friday when a local councillor was charged with assaulting the mayor.
Officers from the Lanark County OPP detachment were called to town hall at 12:04 p.m. in response to the report of a fight inside the historic downtown building.
A subsequent investigation resulted in one count of assault being laid against Doug Black, 65, a longtime Carleton Place councillor and IT consultant.
Reached at home last night, Black said, “As you can appreciate, my lawyer has advised me not to comment.”
The physical altercation allegedly happened in the town hall's foyer, with other people present, and followed a sharp, verbal sparring match between the two men.
Mayor Louis Antonakos did not return a request for comment Friday night.
Coun. Brian Doucett, in a phone interview late Friday, said tension has been building inside town hall for months. “I've been the subject of pretty vicious verbal attacks myself by the mayor so I can understand, perhaps, someone reacts,” they said.
Coun. Ross Trimble said the incident is the latest black eye for the town. “The town's image has been badly bruised,” they said, “and this isn't going to help it. … I never imagined something of that nature taking place — if it did take place.”
The drama comes just days after the embattled mayor again faced calls to step down at a council meeting. The renewed demands followed an integrity commissioner's finding that the mayor broke council's code of conduct on three separate occasions. The Jan. 22 ruling by Robert J. Swayze represents the third time in the past year that the mayor has been reprimanded by the municipal ethics watchdog.
In their ruling, Swayze expressed a sense of exasperation: “In a previous report on the contravention of the code (in May), Council accepted my recommendation to suspend 90 days' pay from the mayor and I am not sure that recommending a further suspension would cause the mayor to change their ways.”
Antonakos faced similar calls to step aside last spring after they were found in breach of council's code of conduct in a case involving the disclosure of confidential council information. Antonakos was accused of sharing audio recordings of in-camera council sessions, which Swayze ruled was “the most egregious … I have ever encountered in nine years serving as an integrity commissioner.”
Two of the complaints in the recent investigation involved the mayor's “discreditable conduct” toward members of the community.
Complaints were lodged independently by former mayor Paul Dulmage and Kory Earle, president of People First of Ontario, an advocacy group for people with intellectual disabilities. Earle complained the mayor bullied them and called them a liar at fundraising events.
Antonakos did not deny the incidents, but told Swayze, “It is not in my nature to bully anyone.”
Three councillors wore pink anti-bullying ribbons to last week's council meeting. Council will debate whether the mayor faces any additional sanctions at a Feb. 13 committee meeting.
Black is a longtime resident of Carleton Place, and has served on town council for more than 12 years. In the last municipal election, they received more votes than any other councillor.
They have a documented history with Antonakos. In a January 2017 report, integrity commissioner Swayze warned that the rift between Black and Antonakos was “clearly beyond constructive political rivalry and is damaging to the town.
“They are elected to do a job professionally,” Swayze said, “and the name calling by both of them has to stop.”
The Minden Lions Club will welcome longtime Lion and World War II veteran Marcus Wren as guest speaker for Thursday's weekly Lions Club Luncheon.
Wren will recount their life and the two years they spent defending their country.
Wren was born and raised in Minden. After graduating from Minden High School, Wren was drafted into the U.S. Army and placed in the 32nd infantry. They were deployed to the Philippines in 1945 where they spent the next six months fighting Japanese forces.
After Japan signed the peace treaty to end WWII on Sept. 2, 1945, Wren went to work liberating prisoners in Japan. When they returned home, Wren returned to school, majoring in dairy manufacturing at Louisiana State University.
After taking over their family's dairy business, Wren's Dairy, for their aging father, Wren then joined Sanitary Dairy where they served as assistant manager and sales manager, holding that post for 32 years.
The Minden Lions Club meets every Thursday at noon in the American Legion Hall on Pine Street.
Related
Comments
comments
Bumblebee colonies are at risk of extinction after pesticide exposure says study
Pesticide puts bumblebee colonies at risk
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction, a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests.
Nigel Raine, an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph, discovered that thiamethoxam, a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world, reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter.
The results were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution.
“Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony,” Raine said of the research conducted in their lab with researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London.
“It was a bigger impact than I was expecting. And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct.”
Bees are crucial to agriculture. Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination, with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure.
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why. Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines.
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids, while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use.
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees, dandelions and clover.
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen's ability to set up a colony, a crucial part of a bee's life cycle.
Bumblebee queens, they explained, are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony, from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over.
While there has been much study of the honeybee, not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee, Raine said.
In their lab, Raine infected half the bumblebee queens they were studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold, dark room to force an artificial hibernation. Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups, one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “field realistic” levels found in the wild, they said.
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying.
“There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment,” Raine said.
But they did find a substantial impact on egg laying.
“We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms,” Raine said.
They took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time.
“We're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals.”
If anything, Raine said, their study is conservative, considering they only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite, whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee's health, including disease and habitat destruction.
Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
No lips, but they can still kiss!
According to their owner, Indian Ringneck brothers Fabio and Gabriel have always had a special bond focused around cute phrases and public displays of affection.
In this footage, the two look at each other beak-to-beak, exchanging pleasantries in English while also including the occasional kiss to the head.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Michel during their time as the Ivory Coast boss in 2006.
Michel during their time as the Ivory Coast boss in 2006.
FORMER FRANCE FOOTBALL coach Henri Michel has died at the age of 70, the French players' union announced today.
“Henri Michel, a colossus of French football, left us this morning,” the UNFP wrote on Twitter, adding their “sincere condolences to their family and friends”.
Born in Aix-en-Provence, Michel played in midfield for Nantes and earned 58 international caps between 1967 and 1980. They were a three-time winner of the French league title.
They took over France's Olympic men's squad in 1982, guiding them to the '84 gold medals in Los Angeles — where they beat Brazil in the final.
Michel was then become manager of a France team containing Michel Platini, which had just won the European Championships under the management of Michel Hidalgo.
“Aside from their extensive career Henri was an exceptional man,” said Platini, who played alongside Michel for the national team between 1976 and 1980.
A faithful friend with a rare sense of loyalty. Someone with whom you could go to the end of the earth without ever doubting their support or presence.”
“What terrible news,” Hidalgo said. “I knew he'd had health problems but I hadn't realised how serious they were. They were a great friend, a true professional, a great guy in every respect.”
Under Michel, France made it through to the 1986 World Cup semi-finals where they lost 2-0 to West Germany.
Michel's time at the helm came to an unhappy end when their team failed to qualify for Euro 1988 and then drew 1-1 with Cyprus in a 1990 World Cup qualifier.
Following their time with France, Michel had a brief spell as coach of Paris Saint-Germain at the start of the 1990s, before managing a host of African teams, going to three further World Cups with Cameroon (1994), Morocco (1998) and Ivory Coast (2006).
Their last post was a stay of a few months with Kenya in 2012.
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
When Bill Born and their father-in-law, Walt DeBlauw, heard their neighbor's dogs barking early Saturday morning, they knew something was amiss.
“My father-in-law went out there and then came back in to wake me up,” said Born, a pastor at Trinity Church. DeBlauw told Born the neighbor's dogs had cornered a mountain lion in the adjacent yard.
Born and their dog, Shadow, got up and headed over to the edge of the property which sits along Opal Avenue near Mentone and were shocked to see the large cat sitting near an orange tree flanked by the neighbor's Dobermans.
“Now we have seen a mountain lion on our property before but it wasn't as big as this one,” Born said.
With the big cat sitting on the other side of the fence, Born pulled out their phone and recorded the cat, but when Shadow also joined in the barking, the mountain lion became a little agitated.
“The cat was sitting there pretty calm, but when I came up my dog came with me so then three dogs are barking at it, it got agitated enough that it took off,” Born recalled.
Born and DeBlauw watched as the cat ran off, back over the neighbor's fence and out onto the street. It was then that it hit them that although there was a chain link fence between them, they may have been a little too close to an animal with teeth and claws.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
“I gotta tell you, the first time when I saw that cat on our property a few years ago, my dog was barking and I went outside and it was sitting right there,” they said. “I said, ‘Nope,' and turned right back into the house. This time there was a fence, but after a few minutes I thought to myself, ‘What am I doing?'”
No one was hurt during the incident and according to Carl Baker, spokesperson for the city of Redlands, their local animal control didn't receive a report of a mountain lion in the city. However, they did say the property is serviced by San Bernardino County Animal Control.
Authorities advise anyone who comes across a wild animal not to engage with it and instead call animal control services.
Pennsylvania's Grandview Golf Club issued an apology Sunday after a group of five black women with a membership at the club were kicked off the grounds by the co-owner for playing too slowly.
Video footage recorded on Saturday by Sandra Thompson, one of the five women removed from the club, shows Jordan Chronister, one of the owners of the club, repeatedly telling them to leave the establishment. Chronister's father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, is seen in the background trying to keep Jordan from continuing to confront Thompson.
​According to reports, Thompson and their friends were approached by the younger Chronister on the second hole of the course and informed twice that they were moving too slowly. They later opted to skip the third hole to avoid any further issues.
On the ninth hole, however, things heated up once again after the Chronisters and several other white male club employees approached Thompson and their friend, Myneca Ojo, and informed them that now they were taking too long of a break. According to golf etiquette, it is customary to take a break at the ninth hole before continuing to the next nine.
After filing their complaints with Ojo and Thompson, who is also the head of the York chapter of the NAACP, the men told the two that the cops had been called and that they had roughly five minutes to leave the grounds.
Though three of the five women had already left because they were shaken up, Thompson and Ojo stayed until officers arrived.
Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel released a statement Monday, saying, "We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges. All parties left and we left as well."
On Sunday, a day after the women were kicked from the club, JJ Chronister, Jordan's wife and co-owner of the establishment phoned them to personally apologize and offered to meet with them to "fully understand what happened so that we can ensure that it never happens again."
"We sincerely apologize to the women for making them feel uncomfortable here at Grandview; that is not our intention in any way," JJ told the York Daily Record Monday. "We want all of our members to feel valued and that they can come out here and have a great time, play golf and enjoy the experience."
However, a second statement released by the club on Monday offered a less apologetic tone.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave, so we called police to ensure an amicable result. The members did skip holes and took an extended break after the 9th hole. We spoke with them once about pace of play and then spoke with them a second time. During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard; voices escalated and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," the statement noted. It's unclear whether the author was JJ or someone else at the club.
In response to JJ's first statement, Thompson stressed to the Record that "there needs to be something more substantial to understand [so] they don't treat people in this manner." They added that their friends and themselves are "interested in getting long-term resolution… we're not looking at surface or quick fixes."
It's unclear when a meeting will take place between the two parties.
San Francisco assistant police chief Toney Chaplin said at a news conference that two others were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in an industrial neighborhood near downtown.
Police have not determined a motive. Chaplin said that the shooter was armed with an assault pistol and put the weapon to their head and pulled the trigger when police found him.
A UPS statement said the shooter and all the victims were employees. Spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that the gunman opened fire inside the facility before the drivers were sent out for their daily deliveries.
Neighbors said they heard up to eight rapid gunshots.
“It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat,” said Raymond Deng, who lives across the street from the warehouse.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, also saw workers fleeing and another group of about 10 who gathered on the roof and held their hands up as police arrived.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” they said. “It's crazy.”
Police responding to the facility in the Potrero Hill area on the city's eastern edge encountered wounded victims and pulled them to safety. Then they found the gunman, who killed himself.
Investigators recovered two firearms from the scene.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
17-year Charles Milesi, driving for the R-ace GP squad experienced a very successful weekend around the streets of the Monaco principality; with two podiums, including one win. This puts themselves within 30-points of Ye Yifei in the lead of the championship heading to the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg in eight weeks time.
In the first race, the young, affable Frenchman put in a strong performance, withstanding race-long pressure from their fellow compatriot, Victor Martins to secure second place from a front-row starting position. After the race they said:
“Just finishing is already a good thing, but it is even better to do it in finishing second! I got a decent start, but I struggled to find a good rhythm after the first lap.
“I made a lot of mistakes and I was looking too much in my mirrors. Even though Victor was faster and more consistent than me, I tried to manage the situation. I knew that they couldn't really try anything. Tomorrow afternoon, I will have a clear track ahead of me from pole position. The goal will be to stay first just until the finish.”
And so it proved, with Milesi using their skills and experience to secure their second win in the Formula Renuault 2.0 Eurocup category to establish themselves as a true championship contender.
Milesi was over the moon after a victory in Monte-Carlo, adding that: “Just to race in Monaco was incredible enough, but it was so much more with a pole position and a win in my first year!
“Today, I managed to get a clean start, put in a strong opening lap and immediately build a lead. That's what was missing yesterday. The end of the race was a bit more difficult with some rear-tyre degradation.
“Fortunately, everything went well. We scored a lot of points as the F1 teams watched on. I don't know what they think about my weekend, but it could be interesting for whatever comes next in my career!”
And after a performance like this you can surely expect more success from Milesi in future races this season and they will have a long and successful career ahead. But the next target is the Red Bull Ring along with the rest of the Formula Renault Eurocup paddock with another challenging weekend ahead.
A new article published by JAMA Pediatrics reviews and analyzes a small collection of studies on fetal exposure to antidepressants and autism spectrum disorders (ASDs).
Florence Gressier, M.D., Ph.D., of the Bicêtre University Hospital, Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, France, and coauthors identified 10 relevant studies with inconsistent results to examine ASDs and fetal exposure to antidepressants during pregnancy for each trimester and during the preconception period.
"Future studies, comprising an assessment of diagnoses, severity of illness and treatments at different stages in pregnancy and substance abuse, are needed and could help disentangle the role of the mother's psychiatric condition and psychotropic drug use in the risk for ASDs.
Further detailed observational data to address these confounding factors are required to investigate the association between antidepressant exposure and ASDs," the article concludes.
###
For more details and to read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(JAMA Pediatr. Published online April 17, 2017. doi:10.1001/jamapediatrics.2017.0124; available pre-embargo at the For The Media website.)
Editor's Note: The article contains conflict of interest disclosures. Please see the article for additional information, including other authors, author contributions and affiliations, financial disclosures, funding and support, etc.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke did trail maintenance Friday, Oct. 6, 2017 at the Big Cypress National Preserve Eric Staats / Naples Daily News
Buy Photo United States Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke answers questions from the press during a visit to Big Cypress National Preserve on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke climbed off a swamp buggy on a trail deep in the Big Cypress National Preserve and put their hands on their hips.
"OK, now find your way back," the former Navy SEAL said, recalling survival training exercises.
Instead, they pulled on a pair of work gloves, grabbed a machete and started clearing brush with a National Park Service crew somewhere off the flooded Concho Billie Trail.
The brief work stint was part of a Friday visit that included a look at Hurricane Irma damages at the Gulf Coast Visitor Center of Everglades National Park in Everglades City.
Friday was the second day of a swing through South Florida with a stop at Lake Okeechobee to get a briefing on Everglades restoration issues.  They are set to meet the Florida congressional delegation Saturday near Miami.
Zinke has come under scrutiny for their use of private jets at taxpayers' expense and mixing official business with political gigs. Asked Wednesday about their travel habits, Zinke repeated their reply about the criticism: "Up front, it's 100 percent, unmitigated bs. I wasn't vulgar, I didn't say bull(expletive)."
They added that commercial flights are a "last resort" and that their travel arrangements undergo legal and ethical review.
"I'm not making the decision on it," they said.
More: Hurricane Irma: Timeline told in stories, photos, videos before, during and after the big storm hit
Critics also have taken issue with what they see as their efforts to burnish an image as a passionate conservationist while their department rolls back environmental regulations on public lands.
Buy Photo United States Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke clears brush from a swamp buggy trail during a visit to Big Cypress National Preserve on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
On Friday, Zinke said it was important to see the nation's parks firsthand and get "foresters back in the forest, get the lawyers out."
"The view from Washington is much different than the view from here," they said, standing at the edge of Chokoloskee Bay in Everglades City.
More: Purrfect encounter: Man spots panther, kittens at Big Cypress
More: Hurricane Irma: Big Cypress, Everglades, state parks face long recovery in storm's wake
Zinke carried a 2016 copy of the National Park Service's "passport" that park visitors can get stamped to keep track of their travels.
In front of the dilapidated Everglades City visitor center, damaged beyond repair by Hurricane Irma, park rangers set up a ladder as a makeshift desk for Zinke to stamp their passport.
Zinke said they would be back for the ribbon cutting.
Buy Photo United States Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke walks under caution tape to look at the damage to the Gulf Coast Visitor Center in Everglades National Park on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Katie Klann/Naples Daily News)
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/environment/2017/10/06/interior-secretary-ryan-zinke-gets-the-swamp-view-big-cypress-everglades-park/733481001/
0 Marshall County Corrections Officer among duo busted with meth
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - The Mississippi Department of Corrections are investigating after a corrections officer at the Marshall County Correctional Facility was caught with drugs, police believe they intended to deliver.
Police say Brian Coleman, 24, was pulled over on Monday at the intersection of Lowell Ave and Airways Blvd. Memphis police said Coleman was arrested after being found driving with a suspended license.
Officers then searched Coleman's car where they found methamphetamine in a console, as well as marijuana in tobacco. Coleman was inside the car with a woman, Tarshia Kuykindall, who was also arrested.
“This is a big part of our problem and what we're fighting for,” said Becky Farruggia, who has dedicated their life to getting opioids off of the streets. “It's just disheartening. It's totally disheartening.”
Farruggia said drug smuggling into prisons are a bigger issue than many think.
Trending stories:
“For a good majority of these correctional officers, there's money to be made in it for them,” they explained.
It was Coleman, who told officers they were a Marshall County corrections officer. FOX13 reached out to the Mississippi Department of Corrections and learned Coleman began work there on January 22, 2018. They were placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation.
Police said the pair had a total of 24.9 tgw of meth, .65 pounds of marijuana and 2.25 pounds of tobacco.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Border Patrol agents are ramping up efforts to prevent migrant deaths as the heat of the South Texas summer begins to build. Agents are increasing crackdowns on human smuggling stash houses and the smuggling of migrants in tractor-trailers and other trucks.
Despite the increasing heat, the apprehension of illegal immigrants who cross the border in the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) is on the rise. Border Patrol officials expressed concern as weather forecasters predict temperatures to exceed 100 degrees in the sector next week.
RGV Border Patrol agents have responded by increasing raids on stash houses operated by cartel-connected human smugglers and those who place lives in danger by smuggling illegal immigrants in the back of box trucks and tractor-trailers. Agents carried out 67 percent more raids on stash houses this fiscal year. They have also increased enforcement on tractor-trailers by 33 percent, according to information provided to Breitbart Texas by RGV Sector officials. The increases are year-to-date comparisons of Fiscal Years 2018 and 2017.
“The Rio Grande Valley Sector has recorded 57 deaths for fiscal year 2018, and the summer months are looming,” RGV Sector Chief Patrol Agent Manuel Padilla, Jr. said in a written statement. “The victims in human smuggling will always be the immigrants; smugglers see them as a commodity.”
Officials are attempting to raise public awareness of the dangers posed to illegal aliens being smuggled in trailers and trucks as part of Operation Big Rig. As a result, a tip from the public last week resulted in nearly 90 migrants being rescued from the back of a tractor-trailer near Raymondville, Texas, Breitbart Texas reported.
Following the Tuesday night tip, a Texas Department of Public Safety trooper stopped an 18-wheeler headed northbound on U.S. Highway 77. After obtaining permission to search the vehicle, the trooper found nearly 90 illegal immigrants locked in the truck's trailer with no way of escape. After finding the human cargo, the trooper called Border Patrol officials and emergency medical services to evaluate and treat the migrants.
EMS officials told the local CBS affiliate that they transported two of the migrants to hospitals in the area. They said they also evaluated and treated 86 other migrants at the scene for dehydration and heat exhaustion.
Recent raids on stash houses in the RGV Sector resulted in the rescue of hundreds of migrants from the hands of their captors. Some examples include:
Border Patrol agents assigned to the McAllen Station teamed up with Homeland Security Investigations and the Hidalgo County Sheriff's Office to raid three houses near the border town of Mission, Texas. The combined law enforcement officials carried out the raids on Tuesday and arrested 52 illegal immigrants, according to information provided to Breitbart Texas by Border Patrol officials. Rio Grande City agents teamed up with officers from the Rio Grande City Police Department to raid another stash house on the same day. Agents found and arrested six illegal aliens inside the house, officials stated. One day earlier, Rio Grande City agents teamed up with officers from the Roma Police Department to raid a fifth stash house in two days. Inside the house, agents found eight illegal immigrants and took them into custody. In total, the Rio Grande Valley Sector agents, working with local law enforcement officers and Homeland Security Investigations, carried out operations against five stash houses in two days. The operations to identify and disrupt these human smuggling activities led to the arrest of 66 illegal immigrants. Officials said these migrants came to the U.S. from Belize, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Peru.
Earlier this month, agents in the Rio Grande Valley and Laredo Sectors carried out another series of raids that led to the arrests of 227.
Migrants are kept locked inside stash houses near the Mexican border until their journey to the U.S. interior can be scheduled. Often, they are beaten and held for ransom as cartel-connected human smugglers attempt to extort additional money from family members.
Nearly 60 migrants have died at the hands of these human smugglers during this fiscal year, officials reported. Agents are working to try and keep that number from rising.
If you've ever wondered why some dogs have floppy ears, you're in pretty good company. After all, Charles Darwin was once curious about the very same thing.
In fact, this week marks the 150th anniversary of the publication of Darwin's The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication, in which the great scientist ruminated (at some length) upon a mysterious contradiction observed in nature.
Specifically, why do many domesticated animals (including dogs) have floppy ears, while others have ears that are upright and erect?
Darwin had first remarked upon the contrast in On The Origin Of Species, in which they wrote: "Not a single domestic animal can be named which has not in some country drooping ears," acknowledging the hypothesis that "the drooping is due to the disuse of the muscles of the ear, from the animals being seldom alarmed by danger, seems probable".
Almost a decade later, Darwin listed the extent of species in which this altered trait could be seen.
"Cats in China, horses in parts of Russia, sheep in Italy and elsewhere, the guinea-pig in Germany, goats and cattle in India, rabbits, pigs and dogs in all long-civilised countries," they wrote.
"The incapacity to erect the ears is certainly in some manner the result of domestication."
As NPR's Skunk Bear points out in the excellent video above, Darwin was definitely onto something with their observations.
In fact, domesticated or tame animals don't just have floppier ears than their wild counterparts, they also tend to have shorter snouts, and their fur is often paler, or bears coloured patches. Why?
Well, one explanation for this so-called 'domestication syndrome' lies in what are known as neural crest cells, first identified by Swiss anatomist Wilhelm Theirs Sr. in 1868, which coincidentally was the same year Darwin published their almost 900-page tome on domestication.
The current thinking – per a 2014 study unifying neural crest cells and domestication syndrome – is that humans, over countless centuries of domesticating animals, have affected the level and quality of neural crest cells in animals.
We now know that neural crest cells help determine or shape a number of features of animal physiology, including facial, skeletal and connective tissues, teeth, pigmentation, and, importantly, adrenal glands (affecting animals' 'fight or flight' response).
Another thing they regulate is cartilage, which, you could understand, is the primary physiological component separating droopy ears from their upright, erect counterparts.
"The [paper authors] argue that the domestication process selects for pre-existing variants in a number of genes that affect neural crest development," Don Newgreen and Jeffrey Craig, two researchers from Murdoch Childrens Research Institute in Australia, who weren't involved with the 2014 study, explained at The Conversation.
"This causes a modest reduction in neural crest cell number or activity. This in turn affects the broad range of structures derived from the neural crest, giving rise to domestication syndrome."
So that, in a nutshell, could be why all these floppy-eared dogs are flapping and flopping their floppy ears about the place.
Basically, eons of domestication have altered their makeup at the cellular level… although it's worth noting that some scientists at least aren't totally on board with the hypothesis.
For more on the history, details, and science, be sure to check out Skunk Bear's awesome video explainer, and just remember: regardless of whether dogs have firm or floppy ears, be excellent to them.
dizzle88 5000 POSTS! +
Join Date: Oct 2009 Posts: 6,783
Anybody else a fan of Bates Motel? SPOILERS Me and my partner have just finished Season 5 and I'm so sad it's over now.
Such an incredibly gripping and intense series, it's hard to find a series that stays that consistently good and I'm so glad they changed bits from the Psycho film so it wasn't predictable what would happen.
I love where Norman kills that cheat Sam Loomis with the Roy Orbison track playing in the background and ends the scene covered in blood and the line..."oh mother, what have I done?"
Really sad it's finished now but I'm glad they knew when to finish it, the same can't be said for the likes of The Walking Dead.
Anybody else enjoys watching Bates Motel? K Major likes this.
According to Huntsville, AL ABC WAAY 31, a vandal struck a billboard with anti-Trump graffiti in Florence, AL earlier this week.
On the billboard, someone painted a caricature of President Donald Trump along with the words “DACA,” “illegals” and “missed the curve.” Also painted on the billboard was an expletive written in Spanish, which was blurred out by the WAAY report.
“It sends a negative message to visitors when you see graffiti up everywhere you kind of think of a trashy area,” Florence, AL Police Department's Sgt. Greg Cobb said to WAAY. “No matter how pretty or artistic the work is, you still think of it in a negative light.”
Police also told WAAY painting negative comments or pictures about someone “can be considered a hate crime.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
With the Red Wings eight points out of a playoff spot as the Feb. 26 trade deadline approaches, rumors are starting to swirl about who might be dealt.
The most obvious candidate is Mike Green, a pending unrestricted free agent who can provide offense from the blue line. Barring a sudden charge up the standings, the Wings are certain to deal Green sometime in the next three and a half weeks.
Green's defensive shortcomings suppress their trade value, but he'd be a good fit for a contender looking for a puck mover on the back end and a quarterback on the power play.
NHL Insider Elliote Friedman told Edmonton's 630 CHED on Friday, via Fan Rag Sports, that two Eastern Conference teams could make a run at Green.
“He's already been linked to Washington. I know they were asking about them at the All-Star Game last week, and I wouldn't be surprised if Tampa takes a look,” Friedman said.
On Wednesday, Green laughed off the idea that players on contending teams were trying to recruit them at the All-Star Game.
“I know there were rumors and articles, I don't think there was that much of it going on. Guys just joking around and pulling your chain a bit. It was all in good spirits,” they said.
There's a chance the Wings could land a late first-round pick in exchange for Green, but he'll have to pick up their scoring pace in the weeks to come. They have 26 points in 49 games this season — including 13 on the power play — but just two points in their last nine. A pair of second-round picks or a second and a third, as Detroit received for Brendan Smith last season, is a more realistic return.
Ken Holland and the Wings are also in position to move a goaltender. Jimmy Howard looked like an intriguing trade candidate amid their strong first half, but their play has dipped a bit this month, making their $5.3 million cap hit through next season look far less appealing. Petr Mrazek, a pending restricted free agent who's wrested the crease from Howard of late, is more likely to be on the move.
“I've reported at one point this year it looked like Edmonton and Detroit were seriously talking about a Mrazek deal that didn't happen. And I still think they'd move one of their goaltenders if the price is right,” Friedman said. “Mrazek has started to play a little better.”
Mrazek has a .965 save percentage in their last five games. He's started three of Detroit's last four, and it behooves the team to showcase them ahead of the deadline. But Jeff Blashill said on Wednesday that's not on their mind.
“Not for me, not at all. Petr's played pretty well lately, he's gotten us points. I have tons of faith in both of them and we're trying to win hockey games,” Blashill said.
Demand for goalies isn't high at the moment, with the Islanders and the Blackhawks the only two contenders in clear need of help. Mrazek is likely worth a third- or fourth-round pick.
Friedman added that the Wings are open to trading Tomas Tatar and Gustav Nyquist to further their fledgling rebuild.
“They've tried to move Tatar and Nyquist for a couple of years now. They've been on and off the market, and I do think they're looking at that again,” Friedman said.
Nyquist, 28, carries a $4.75 million caps hit through next season. Tatar, 27, signed a four-year deal last summer with an annual cap hit of $5.3 million.
Bethesda, publisher of the upcoming shooting game Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus, has issued a formal response to decidedly informal (and largely anonymous) criticisms surrounding the anti-Nazi game. In doing so, however, the company has made the curious decision to try to absolve itself of particularly political overtones. Further Reading Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus—Like playing a B-movie with robot Nazis
The game's latest advertising campaign, which launched this week, appropriates President Trump's "Make America Great Again" slogan by using the tagline "Make America Nazi-Free Again." This message could be read one of two ways: as an isolated reference to the game's conceit, which makes players battle through an alternate-universe United States overrun by Nazis; or as a pointed comment about high-profile neo-Nazi demonstrations in the USA over the past few months.
The campaign, unsurprisingly, was followed by vitriolic comments from unconfirmed social media accounts. It's a tactic that shouldn't shock anybody who has followed recent, fascinating studies about Russian campaigns of disinformation and political-bubble exploitation that rely on similar social media actions. One of the most visible anonymous complaints directed at Bethesda, carried by "WTF really" retweets, described the ad campaign as an attempt to "tap into hysterical leftist power fantasy." (To clarify: these anti-Wolfenstein posts do not appear to have a clear connection to Russian disinformation campaigns.)
Games Industry reached out to Bethesda marketing VP Pete Hines to discuss the matter, and they had nothing in the way of apology or concession to any of the ad campaign's dissenters. "Wolfenstein has been a decidedly anti-Nazi series since the first release more than 20 years ago," Hines told GI. "We aren't going to shy away from what the game is about. We don't feel it's a reach for us to say Nazis are bad and un-American, and we're not worried about being on the right side of history here."
After explaining the series' premise to the uninitiated—that gamers control one soldier, BJ Blazkowicz, as a one-man-army against a rising Nazi order—Hines tried to dance around the series' inherently charged subject matter. "Bethesda doesn't develop games to make specific statements or incite political discussions," they said to GI. "We make games that we think are fun, meaningful, and immersive for a mature audience."
Unfortunately for Hines' argument, it's hard to imagine any American era in which a violent, gun-loaded battle against a violent, anti-Semitic culture wouldn't reverberate in a political way. Bethesda may simply be astonished that one of the media world's longtime easy-target villains, the freaking Hitler-led Nazis, would ever attract anything that approaches "defenders." Hines admitted this to GI to some extent: "In Wolfenstein's case, it's pure coincidence that Nazis are marching in the streets of America this year. And it's disturbing that the game can be considered a controversial political statement at all."
GI reporter James Batchelor did a great job pressing Hines on whether Wolfenstein II could have made a stronger political point and on comparing Bethesda's latest shooter to other triple-A and indie efforts to push politically charged content in their games. It's a great read all-around. Hines responded pretty carefully on the greater subject, but they didn't seem concerned about losing a few sales to an anti-Nazi ad campaign: "To be honest, people who are against freeing the world from the hate and murder of a Nazi regime probably aren't interested in playing Wolfenstein."
Listing image by Bethesda
DETROIT- Tigers third baseman Nicholas Castellanos will be signing autographs at Comerica Park on Saturday, June 17 from 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at The D Shop. Don't miss this special opportunity to meet Castellanos and have your autograph authenticated by Major League Baseball. A portion of the proceeds will benefit the Detroit Tigers Foundation, an affiliate of Ilitch Charities.
Autographs may be purchased at tigers.com/autographs, by calling or emailing the Authentics department (information below) or at The D Shop the day of the event. Autographs on balls and pictures cost $50, while premium items are $80. Personal inscriptions (five word maximum) are an additional $20. Free parking will be available in lots 1 and 2, located near Comerica Park. Free parking is for those attending the autograph signing only, and expires after the event.
For mail orders or additional information please contact Marc Himelstein at 313-471-2064 or authentics@tigers.com.
Heparin Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Heparin Market by product type (unfractionated, low molecular, ultra-molecular weight heparin), route of administration (iv injection, subcutaneous injection), application (clinical trials, medical devices), end user (hospital, blood, steam banks) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Heparin Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Heparin Market are The companies covered in the report include, Sanofi SA, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer Inc, Leo Pharma, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Fresenius SE & Co. KG. According to the report the Global Heparin Market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.91% in terms of value over the period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report :- https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/120
The Considerable Rise in the Prevalence of the Obesity is also expected to Support the Global Growth of this Market
Globally, the heparin market is growing steadily due to increasing incidences of coagulation disorders, substantial growth in the number of the people suffering from diseases like venous thromboembolism (VTE), deep vein thrombosis and heart diseases. In addition, the considerable rise in the prevalence of the obesity is also expected to support the global growth of this market. However, stringent regulatory framework across different regions and side effects of the porcine heparin are likely to limit the global growth of heparin market. A heparin market is expected to experience adoption of synthetic heparin by leading players in the industry. With adoption of synthetic heparin, the global market is anticipated to augment the opportunities for the leading market player in the industry over the forecast period. Furthermore, Technological advancement and rising demand for heparin also expected to escalate growth in this market over the forecast period.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the global heparin market by type of product, route of administration, application, end users and regions. Product segment includes unfractionated heparin, low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) and ultra-molecular weight heparin (UMWH). Route of administration segment comprises IV injection, subcutaneous injection. The application segment includes clinical trials, medical devices and venous thromboembolism, with the end user segment comprises hospital, blood and steam banks and others.
North America dominated the global market and registered as the highest revenue generating region in 2014
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Asia pacific, North America and ROW are considered to be the prominent markets for heparin, whereas Asia pacific is expected to be the largest geographic segment growing at a CAGR from of XX% over the forecast period.On the other hand, North America dominated the global market and registered as the highest revenue generating region in 2014. The growth heparin market in North America region is attributed to the sophisticated healthcare infrastructure; increasing number of medical tourists and large number of surgical procedures conducted in the country.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the demand of heparin globally as well as regionally. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and value chain analysis of heparin market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in heparin market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market.
The report also provides in depth analysis of regulatory framework pertaining to Heparin Market. This will help the companies to understand the regulatory compliances, supports, barriers in the Heparin market. This section highlights key amendments and their implication on Heparin market in the short run as well as in the long run. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the heparin market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:-
1. Report Overview
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Heparin Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.8 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.9 Competitive Landscape in the Heparin Market
4. Global Heparin Market by Product Type (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Introduction
4.2 Low Molecular Weight Heparin
4.3 Unfractionated Heparin
4.4 Ultra-low Molecular Weight Heparin
5. Global Heparin Market by Route of administration (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Introduction
5.2 IV injection
5.3 Subcutaneous injection
6. Global Heparin Market by Application (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 Introduction
6.2 Clinical trials
6.3 Medical devices
6.4 Venous Thromboembolism
7. Global Heparin Market by End User (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
7.1 Introduction
7.2 Hospitals
7.3 Blood and Stem Cell Bank
7.4 Others
8. Global Heparin Market by Region, (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
8.1 Introduction
8.2 North America
8.2.1 North America Heparin Market by Type (USD Million)
8.2.2 North America Heparin Market by Route of administration (USD Million)
8.2.3 North America Heparin Market by Application (USD Million)
8.2.4 North America Heparin Market by End User (USD Million)
8.2.5 North America Heparin Market by Country (USD Million)
8.3 Europe
8.3.1 Europe Heparin Market by Type (USD Million)
8.3.2 Europe Heparin Market by Route of administration (USD Million)
8.3.3 Europe Heparin Market by Application (USD Million)
8.3.4 Europe Heparin Market by End User (USD Million)
8.3.5 Europe Heparin Market by Country (USD Million)
8.4 Asia Pacific
8.4.1 Asia Pacific Heparin Market by Type (USD Million)
8.4.2 Asia Pacific Heparin Market by Route of administration (USD Million)
8.4.3 Asia Pacific Heparin Market by Application (USD Million)
8.4.4 Asia Pacific Heparin Market by End User (USD Million)
8.4.5 Asia Pacific Heparin Market by Country (USD Million)
8.5 Rest of the World
8.5.1 RoW Heparin Market by Type (USD Million)
8.5.2 RoW Heparin Market by Route of administration (USD Million)
8.5.3 RoW Heparin Market by Application (USD Million)
8.5.4 RoW Heparin Market by End User (USD Million)
8.5.5 RoW Heparin Market by Country (USD Million)
9. Company Profiles
9.1 Sanofi SA
9.2 GlaxoSmithKline plc
9.3 Pfizer, Inc.
9.4 Leo Pharma
9.5 Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
9.6 Fresenius SE & Co. KG
9.7 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
9.8 Baxter International
9.9 Aspen Holdings
9.10 Others
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_heparin_market
Man exposes themselves to a teenager at the Lexington Library. Now the police are after them
Lexington Police are searching for a man after an indecent exposure incident at the Lexington County Public Library.
Police in the Rio Grande Valley rescued 17 illegal aliens whom human smugglers locked in a trailer for hours. The illegal aliens came to the U.S. from Romania, Honduras, Guatemala, and Mexico.
Edinburg Police Assistant Police Chief Oscar Treviño told a local CBS affiliate the human smugglers locked the illegal aliens in the trailer for eight to nine hours. A relative called the police to report the conditions inside the trailer were becoming intolerable due to the heat, Valley Central CBS4 reported.
advertisement
The emergency call came from a family member in Mexico, officials reported. The caller said their relative was trapped inside a tractor-trailer parked at the Flying J truck stop in Edinburg. When police arrived on the scene, they began a trailer-to-trailer search. They eventually located a trailer where they received a response of people knocking on the walls from inside.
Border Patrol agents assigned to the Rio Grande Valley Sector also responded to the scene and helped in the recovery and identification of the illegal aliens. Officials report they detained two Cuban nationals (male and female) in connection to the human smuggling case.
Police brought water and pizza for the illegal immigrants rescued from the potentially deadly situation.
The incident follows a similar human smuggling attempt that tragically ended in the deaths of 10 illegal aliens smuggled in a trailer found in San Antonio less than a month ago, Breitbart Texas reported. The truck driver, in that case, faces the death penalty if they are convicted on charges related to the smuggling and migrant deaths.
James Matthew Bradley, Jr. told the investigators they were “surprised when they were run over by ‘Spanish' people” when they opened the rear door. They said they were knocked to the ground as they illegal aliens rushed out of the sweltering heat of the trailer. They reportedly admitted knowing the refrigeration systems did not work and that the vent holes were blocked. They claimed to have called their wife after the aliens escaped. Records show they did not call 911.
The smuggling victims tell a different story.
One of the illegal aliens, a Mexican national, told investigators they paid smugglers $5,500 (USD) as a transportation fee to their final destination — San Antonio, according to court records obtained by Breitbart Texas. They said they paid $11,000 Mexican pesos to Los Zetas-connected cartel members for protection. They paid an additional $1,500 pesos to smugglers who helped them cross the river on a raft. Their group of 28 illegal aliens was picked up by a Silverado pickup truck and taken to the trailer. They said they were the last group to join the others already in the trailer.
The smugglers closed the door, locking the illegal aliens inside a pitch black trailer that was already oppressively hot. Smugglers told the aliens they would be transported later that night. They were provided no food or water during the trip, according to the criminal complaint.
At about 9 p.m., a smuggler opened the door and advised them they would be departing soon. They assured the victims the truck would be refrigerated and would be safe. The illegal aliens were given different colored tape to put on their wrists to indicate who would be picked up by what smuggling groups later.
After about an hour into the journey, the alien being interviewed said many people began having difficulty breathing. They began pounding on the wall to get the driver to stop. They never did.
Some of the aliens found a small hole for ventilation. They took turns using the hole to breathe. When the truck eventually stopped, many people fell to the ground, they said, because they were weak.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents are investigating the Edinburg case, according to ICE spokesperson Nina Pruneda.
THAI rescuers vowed to take a “no risk” approach to freeing 12 boys and their football coach from a flooded cave, as fresh video emerged Wednesday showing the team in good spirits following their astonishing discovery nine days after going missing.
Freeing the boys from the still-submerged cave complex is expected to be a protracted process, fraught with challenges for a group who are not divers and some of whom are believed to be unable to swim.
Camera Icon Video footage shows the boys trapped in the cave. The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus. Picture: AP
Camera Icon Thai soldiers stand guard during medical drills as the rescue operations continue. Picture: AFP
With the world engrossed in the rescue mission, authorities insist they will only move the boys once their safety can be guaranteed, even though monsoon rains are predicted to soon resume.
“We have to be 100 percent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate,” Narongsak Osottanakorn, Chiang Rai provincial governor, told reporters.
“We will take care of them like they are our own children,” they said. The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus, they added, but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary.
MORE: Rescue intensifies as rains close in
MORE: Key questions about the Thai cave rescue
MORE: Dramatic rescues that defied the odds
Camera Icon The aunt of coach Ekapol Chantawong shows a picture of the 25-year-old and their grandmother. Picture: AP
Authorities are also pumping out water round-the-clock aware of the bad weather forecast in the days ahead, removing around one centimetre each hour in a massive draining operation.
“We want to evacuate all 13 people as soon as possible but I don't want to specify day and date,” Thailand's junta leader Prayut Chan-O-Cha said later.
Camera Icon Rescuer workers prepare to deliver small diving masks to the boys. Picture: Getty Images
FAMILIES CLING ONTO HOPE
In a heartening message to families waiting in outside the cave, footage was released by the Thai Navy SEAL featuring 11 of the 12-strong team.
Each made a traditional Thai greeting gesture to the camera before introducing themselves by their nickname and saying “I'm in good health”.
Several of the boys in the frame are wearing protective foil blankets and are accompanied by a smiling diver in a wetsuit.
Camera Icon Schoolchildren sing at the Tham Luang cave area during rescue operations. Picture: AFP
Also seen is the 25-year-old coach, who went with the boys down the cave after football training on June 23.
A one-minute video clip ends on a jovial note, with one of the 12 young footballers saying they were forgotten in the round of introductions, sparking laughter.
The images have delighted a Thai nation that has held its breath for a successful outcome to a challenging rescue kilometres inside one of the country's longest caves.
‘HE IS THINNER'
In the video the boys, who have spent 11 nights underground, appear relaxed and much more alert than when they were when British divers found them late Monday huddling on a muddy ledge above surging underground waters.
Camera Icon A family member waits for updates during the rescue operation. Picture: AFP
Outside the cave the mother of one of the boys teared-up as they watched the clip on a television screen, saying they were “glad” for a glimpse of their son.
“He is thinner” they said as they ran their finger over their image — a sign of the heartache the saga has brought to relatives of the trapped 13.
Several Navy SEAL divers have deployed along with medics vowing to stay with the group while the challenging process of evacuating the “Wild Boar” team begins.
Thai authorities say the focus is now building up the boys' physical and mental strength after an ordeal that has left them emaciated.
TEAM HAS THREE OPTIONS
Next they have three main options: diving out of the cave system, exiting through another hole if one can be found — or drilled — or waiting out the rainy season underground.
Experts say diving out is laden with risk — more so as the boys have never dived before and some may not be able to swim, making a long underwater escape perilous.
Camera Icon Rescue workers carry supplies to the Tham Luang cave. Picture: AFP
Areas of the cave remain submerged and navigating claustrophobic passages in murky rushing waters risks panic, even if the boys have ample equipment, expert support and a crash-course in how to dive.
“This requires them do be psychologically able to cope with being underwater... and the dives being not too long or difficult,” Alan Warild, an expert from the NSW Cave Rescue Squad in Australia, told AFP.
The last option of waiting for the monsoon to abate, could be protracted as the monsoon begins to bite.
However, officials say they have stored food, medicine and equipment to last for up to four months at an underground base.
The Evolution of evo's Customer Review Strategy
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
How the outdoor gear and apparel retailer has expanded its use of customer reviews over the past 10 years.
Marketers today have no shortage of powerful tools. From AI to VR, they can access numerous solutions to help drive engagement and conversion. But the most powerful tool, arguably, isn't new or cutting-edge. It's the time-honored customer review.
According to the 2016 “Local Consumer Review Survey” by local SEO company BrightLocal, 84% of consumers polled say they trust online reviews as much as a personal recommendation. And “The ROBO Economy”—a report produced by user-generated content solution provider Bazaarvoice—states that 54% of online shoppers surveyed say they read reviews before buying.
Outdoor gear and apparel retailer evo started utilizing customers' ratings and reviews about 10 years ago and has continued to evolve its user-generated content strategy to drive authenticity and sales.
Gearing up with new technology
When evo's director of e-commerce Nathan Decker saw other retailers leveraging customer reviews back in 2006, they wanted to find a way to tap into evo's own community of outdoor sports enthusiasts. So, that year, they decided to implement PowerReviews' ratings and reviews software and incorporate customer feedback into evo's website.
“I don't know if you could survive as an e-commerce retailer without reviews," Decker says. "It's an expected part of that digital shopping experience."
Through the software, evo is able to host rating and review templates on its website and ask customers for product feedback. One template, for instance, might ask customers to list a product's pros and cons, the best uses cases for that product, and whether they would recommend the product. evo can also solicit general comments, star ratings, and images and videos through this technique.
Because these templates are category-specific, the questions can vary depending on the product. A review template for snowboarding boots, for instance, might ask for sizing and width descriptions while a template for a mountain bike might ask for preferred cycling styles (such as speed or comfort).
After a customer submits a review, PowerReviews uses fraud detection software to track suspicious activity patterns. It can also identify a reviewer's IP address and device to determine whether that reviewer is submitting multiple phony claims.
Once the review has been verified, PowerReviews displays it on evo's search-result or product-details page, optimizing it for SEO. On the search results pages, customers can see the number of reviews a product has, as well as its overall star rating. They can also opt to filter their search results by products with the highest star rankings. The product pages feature a bit more detail, including reviewers' comments and product descriptions.
Not only can evo collect reviews written by its own customers, but it can also collect reviews written by other brands' customers. The reviews just have to describe a product featured in the evo catalog and come from a brand website featured in the PowerReviews network. Decker says this feature has helped evo increase its overall review coverage by 7%.
“It's kind of a clever way for us to aggregate content across other websites and our own site to increase our content and our coverage,” they note.
Hiking up the review count with email
To encourage customers to submit reviews, evo launched a post-purchase email series in 2010. The first email is sent 21 days after a customer makes a purchase and invites the customer to leave a review for their new item. Decker says this three-week window gives customers enough time to experience their product and reference it while it's still top-of-mind. If customers don't open this email, they receive a second message a week later reminding them to leave a review. Decker says evo will also occasionally send “look-back” emails in which it asks customers to review items they purchased a long time ago.
“That's a good way to harvest more reviews from our audience,” Decker says. “Maybe they missed those first couple emails, but we just want to make sure that we give people every opportunity to leave a review because that content is so valuable.”
evo has also experimented with different review-writing incentives to sweeten the deal. In fact, it conducted a three-way email test in which three segments received three different review-writing incentives—a contest entry, a philanthropic incentive, and a coupon code. The coupon code and contest entry generated the highest levels of conversion, Decker says. And because the contest entry was more cost effective, the brand decided to pursue this option.
While many marketers like to see positive customer reviews, Decker says they aren't opposed to receiving negative ones, too. Having a mix of positive and negative reviews, they say, makes the reviews seem more credible and authentic. They also say that he's able to relay this feedback to manufacturers and merchants to help influence product design and buying insights.
“Authenticity is a big piece of it,” Decker says. “We're not hiding anything and it's apparent because we show those negative reviews."
Surfing towards new innovations
In terms of more recent developments, evo updated its post-purchase emails to be optimized for mobile in 2015—a decision it made after seeing that 40% to 50% of its customer emails were being opened via mobile devices, according to PowerReviews. After implementing a new responsive design, evo saw a 23% increase in written reviews year over year and a 107% increase in reviews written on mobile devices within the first month.
Decker says that evo also optimized the actual review-writing process for mobile that same year. Making simple improvements (e.g. cutting down the number of template questions, making the star-rating system bigger) produced significant results. In fact, Decker says that evo experienced about a 60% increase in review-writing conversion rates.
In addition, the company implemented a “Review Your Products” feature early last year. According to Decker, the feature directs consumers to a page where they can review all of their non-reviewed products at once. They estimate that this feature has nearly doubled the number of reviews collected via the post-purchase email series.
Skating towards success
Of course, one question still remains: Does accumulating all of these reviews actually pay off? Decker seems to think so. They recently compared two “significantly large brands” on evo's website: One brand had a 60% coverage rate (i.e. items with reviews); the other brand had a 23% coverage rate. According to Decker, the conversion rates from listing page to detail page and then detail page to cart were 41% and 91% higher, respectively for the brand with more reviews.
“[It's] very compelling in my opinion,” they later stated in an email.
However, Decker says that getting more of this user-generated content is still a challenge—stating that the percent of people who leave a review after receiving a post-purchase email has been just under 6% for the past four months. However, it doesn't seem like the brand is giving up any time soon.
"We need to have them," Decker says. "We need to be offering them in a way that's relevant to customers, and we need to continue to evolve, grow, and learn to show the content, make it more relevant and useful, and capture more and more data from customers."
Typically, liquids take on the shape of the container they are poured into. We call these ‘normal liquids' Newtonian fluids. But some fluids don't follow this rule. We call these ‘strange liquids' non-Newtonian fluids....Non-Newtonian fluids change their viscosity or flow behaviour under stress. If you apply a force to such fluids (say you hit, shake or jump on them), the sudden application of stress can cause them to get thicker and act like a solid, or in some cases it results in the opposite behaviour and they may get runnier than they were before. Remove the stress (let them sit still or only move them slowly) and they will return to their earlier state. -ScienceLearn.org
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
It's official: The title for the “world's longest flight” is coming back to the United States.
That comes this fall, when Singapore Airlines restarts non-stop flights between Singapore and Newark, a route it last flew in 2013. The move had been expected, with Singapore Airlines saying in 2015 it would resume the service once it takes delivery of new long-range aircraft. Tickets for the flight to Newark, one of the three major airports serving the New York City metro, are expected to go on sale by Thursday.
Once the flights begin on Oct. 12, Singapore's Singapore-Newark route will displace Qatar Airways' Doha, Qatar-Auckland, New Zealand, route as the longest in the world as measured by distance.
TODAY IN THE SKY: May route roundup: Where airlines are adding (or cutting) service | April round-up
Singapore says its Newark route “will cover a distance of approximately 9,000 nautical miles.” In statute miles, the route will cover 9,537 miles, according to the Great Circle Mapper website. Qatar's Doha-Auckland route comes in at 9,032.
Singapore Airlines' non-stop option will shave four hours or more off existing connecting options between Singapore and the New York City area, the airline says. Still, those taking its new flight will face a literal long haul. Scheduled flight time is 18 hours, 45 minutes on the Singapore-bound leg and 18 hours, 25 minutes on the return.
IN PICTURES: World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017 (story continues below)
World's 25 longest airline flights - 2017 No. 22: Doha-Dallas Fort Worth (7,916 miles / 12,740 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR/Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 15 minutes on DFW-bound flight. 01 / 25 No. 22: Doha-Dallas Fort Worth (7,916 miles / 12,740 kilometers): Qatar Airways (Boeing 777-200LR/Boeing 777-300ER). Block time of 16 hours, 15 minutes on DFW-bound flight. 01 / 25
Singapore Airlines previously flew between Newark and Singapore, but discontinued the route in 2013 when it said it could no longer profitably serve the route with its four-engine Airbus A340 aircraft. The company has since phased those out of its fleet.
Now, Singapore will count on a brand-new Airbus variant to make the route work. The carrier will fly the route with a new “ULR” (ultra-long range) version of Airbus' A350 widebody jet. The variant was designed specifically with Singapore Airlines in mind, and the airline will be the launch customer for the A350-900ULR.
“Singapore Airlines has always taken pride in pushing the boundaries to provide the best possible travel convenience for our customers, and we are pleased to be leading the way with these new non-stop flights using the latest-technology, the ultra-long-range Airbus A350-900ULR,” Singapore Airlines' CEO Goh Choon Phong said in a statement.
“The flights will offer our customers the fastest way to travel between the two cities – in great comfort, together with Singapore Airlines' legendary service – and will help boost connectivity to and through the Singapore hub.”
TODAY IN THE SKY: Singapore Airlines is again flying nonstop to the USA from Singapore (story continues below)
Singapore Airlines debuts San Francisco-Singapore nonstops Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years. 01 / 10 Singapore Airlines' first nonstop flight from Singapore to San Francisco lands at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016. The inaugural flight gave Singapore Airlines a nonstop route between the USA and its home country for the first time in three years. 01 / 10
Singapore's new A350ULRs will be configured with just 161 seats in a two-class layout. Of those, 67 will be Singapore's highly regarded business class seats and 94 will be international-style premium economy seats. There will not be any standard coach seats on the aircraft.
Initially, Singapore Airlines will fly the route three times a week, with departures from Newark each Tuesday, Friday and Sunday. A week after its Oct. 12 launch, Singapore expects to move to daily service on the route “after an additional A350-900ULR aircraft enters service.”
Singapore Airlines currently has 21 A350-900s in its fleet, with 46 more on order. Of those, seven will be the new ULR variant. The first A350-900ULR is due for delivery in September, with all seven expected to be in Singapore's fleet by the end of the year, according to the carrier.
Newark will become the fifth U.S. airport served by Singapore Airlines. The carrier currently flies from Los Angeles (non stop to Seoul and Tokyo), New York JFK (non stop to Frankfurt), Houston Bush Intercontinental (non stop to Manchester, England) and San Francisco (non stop to Singapore and Hong Kong).
Singapore also plans to deploy its A350-900ULRs from Los Angeles for non-stop Singapore flights, but says those details will be announced at a later date.
ARCHIVES: Milestone! Airbus just delivered its 10,000th aircraft -- an A350 for Singapore Airlines
Airbus delivers the 10,000th aircraft in its history Singapore Airlines' newest Airbus A350 -- the 10,000th plane delivered by Airbus -- is seen at a delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. 01 / 28 Singapore Airlines' newest Airbus A350 -- the 10,000th plane delivered by Airbus -- is seen at a delivery ceremony in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. 01 / 28
IN PHOTOS: Singapore Airlines shows off swanky new Airbus A350 in France
Singapore Airlines shows off its swanky new Airbus A350 in France Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines. 01 / 25 Singapore Airlines' business-class cabin is seen on one of the carrier's Airbus A350 widebody jets in Toulouse, France, on Oct. 14, 2016. This particular aircraft was the 10,000th plane to roll off Airbus' assembly lines. 01 / 25
TODAY IN THE SKY: Singapore Airlines gives a boost to premium economy
Singapore Airlines unveils new Premium Economy seat Singapore Airlines officially unveiled its new Premium Economy seats on May 21, 2015. The seats will are to be fitted 'progressively' on the carrier's 777-300ERs, A380s, and future fleet of A350s. 01 / 08 Singapore Airlines officially unveiled its new Premium Economy seats on May 21, 2015. The seats will are to be fitted 'progressively' on the carrier's 777-300ERs, A380s, and future fleet of A350s. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MACOMB, Ill. – A pet store owner accused of leaving dozens of their animals to die inside a store with no electricity faces felony animal cruelty charges, according to WQAD.
Police arrested 38-year-old Jessica Spangler, of Avon, Illinois. She's charged with aggravated cruelty to animals after an investigation revealed 41 animals died as a result of their neglect – primarily rodents, birds and reptiles.
Another 56 animals, including two cats, survived and have been fostered.
Police said they found numerous dead and poorly cared for animals inside Macomb Pet Land while responding to complaints of a foul odor Saturday.
"Once officers entered the business they were overwhelmed by the smell of dead animals and ammonia," says Macomb Police Chief Curt Barker. Power had been shut off since May 14 because no one was paying the bills, authorities said.
During a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Barker said Spangler claimed not to know that the animals weren't being cared for, and said they had arranged for someone to check on them.
Barker also urged people to have patience as the case goes forward, noting Spangler had become the target of social media threats.
"Justice will be done," they said. "Please be patient and let the process take place."
Spangler was booked into the McDonough County, where they were released on a $10,000 bond.
Police say more arrests are likely forthcoming.
"We heard the bird in there," said Bill Dunaway, whose business neighbors the pet store. "That's how we knew there were animals in there, but we had no idea there were that many."
They say they tried to help, and that more animals could have been saved if someone acted sooner.
"I was wondering why it took so long, honestly. Because I know we've been reporting. I know there are steps that need to be taken, but I wish someone would have gotten there sooner," Dunaway said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
40.459208 -90.671797
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE, Pa. — A Pennsylvania mother and father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children after knowingly leaving them home alone for three days, investigators said.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello, both 30, were arraigned Monday morning, according to WNEP.
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to Sciortino's home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks. Licciardello lives at a different address.
When officers arrived, they found a 10-year-old and an 11-year-old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
After tracking down the mother of two, police say Sciortino first told them they aren't far away, but later admitted that they were in Florida. According to the document, they told investigators that the children's father, Licciardello, was watching the kids and that they didn't realize it was against the law to leave their two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time. Sciortino added that they “didn't think it was really that bad.”
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning at their mother's home. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, they would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Authorities say they believe the children were alone during their mother's vacation, but not for weeks, as the 911 caller alleged. Police say one child has missed 16 days of school this year, while the other has missed 26 days.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators said the two children are staying with family friends.
MIRANDA Devine sat down with legendary entertainer and carburet performer Carlotta to discuss same-sex marriage and children having sex changes.
Listen the chat below:
Miranda Live is back tomorrow night from 5.30pm.
MIRANDA LIVE
► Join the conversation on social media using the hashtag #MirandaLive
► Download the podcast via iTunes: http://bit.ly/2ydCLaE
► Download the podcast via Android: http://bit.ly/2C1Ob4y
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook News // Facebook Sport // Facebook SuperCoach NRL // Facebook Sydney Confidential // Facebook Live Streaming // Twitter News // Twitter Sport // Twitter SuperCoach NRL // Twitter Sydney Confidential // Instagram Daily Telegraph
Mankind is closer to an all-destructive nuclear war now than it was during the Cold War, a Nobel Peace Prize winning anti-nuclear weapons group has warned.
The head of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), Beatrice Fihn, outlined the chilling prospect as they were accepting the prestigious prize in Oslo on Sunday.
"The deaths of millions may be one tiny tantrum away…We have a choice, the end of nuclear weapons or the end of us," they said.
Fihn spoke about “a moment of panic,” which could wipe out entire cities and kill “millions of civilians.”
© AFP 2017/ CHARLY TRIBALLEAU Environmental Watchdog Warns of Existing Nuclear Threat in Europe
The risk of nuclear Armageddon is "greater today than during the Cold War," Fihn warned in a clear reference to the menacing war of words between Washington and Pyongyang with US President Trump threatening the North with total destruction, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un threatening to respond in kind.
Tensions on the divided Korean peninsula have been rising following a series of nuclear and missile tests by Pyongyang, which has been under hard-hitting UN sanctions over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has firmly defended their nuclear-weapons program, calling it a “treasured sword” protecting the country's independence against the hostile policies of the US and its regional allies, including South Korea and Japan.
READ MORE: Tokyo Expands Sanctions Against Pyongyang Over 'Unprecedented' Nuclear Threat
Established in 2007 as a coalition of hundreds of non-governmental organizations (NGOs), the Geneva-based ICAN has made it its mission to highlight the humanitarian risk of nuclear weapons.
March 19 (UPI) -- Authorities have identified the last two unnamed victims of the pedestrian bridge collapse at Miami's Florida International University, as attorneys prepare to file the first civil lawsuit in the accident.
Officials said Brandon Brownfield and Alexa Duran died in the collapse last week. The other four were named by police over the weekend.
Brownfield, 39, was a married father of three and a crane technician who was driving beneath the bridge when it buckled. Duran, 18, was a first-year student at FIU.
"It's a pretty magical thing to find your soulmate in this world. Like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, our crazy curvy edges matched and we fit together like no one else could," Brownfield's widow, Chelsea, wrote in a Facebook post. "The coming days are going to be excruciating, as we dig deep to find the strength we need to heal.
"Please keep us in your prayers, as I now have to find the words and the answers to tell my girls that their Daddy is not coming home."
Duran was driving a friend to an appointment when they passed beneath the bridge.
"I would give anything to take your place and all of your pain," Alexa's sister, Dina, wrote in an Instagram post. "I will cherish every memory we've made and will miss you every day for the rest of my life."
Other victims Rolando Fraga Hernandez, Oswald Gonzalez and Alberto Arias were found Saturday morning after crews removed two cars from the rubble. Another, Navarro Brown, died at a hospital.
A makeshift memorial at FIU began to appear Sunday -- flowers and six small wooden crosses hanging from a wall on campus. FIU President Mark Rosenberg held a moment of silence for the victims.
RELATED Rescuers recover all six victims in Florida bridge collapse
"It's going to take time for us and our community to heal," Rosenberg said in a video message.
The pedestrian bridge was built as part of a $19.4 million project grant and was elevated in one piece March 10 by MCM Construction and FIGG Engineering.
Orlando, Fla., attorney Matt Morgan announced over the weekend they would file the first civil lawsuit in the accident.
"I will be filing the first civil lawsuit related to the FIU Bridge Collapse [Monday] morning," Morgan tweeted. "It is imperative we act quickly to secure critical documentation and data. Thoughts & prayers to all the families impacted by this tragedy."
MCM was sued earlier this month for alleged faulty construction of a bridge built at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport.
April 24 (UPI) -- Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost made their first red carpet appearance together Monday.
The 33-year-old actor and 35-year-old writer and comedian attended the Los Angeles premiere of Johansson's movie Avengers: Infinity War at El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood.
Johansson turned heads in a metallic, embellished dress with a belted waist and sweetheart neckline. The star was all smiles as they posed for photos with Jost, a writer and performer on Saturday Night Live.
"Their eyes lit up when they looked at each other," a source told Us Weekly.
Johansson plays Black Widow in Avengers: Infinity War, which opens in theaters Friday, April 27. The movie co-stars Robert Downey, Jr., Chris Hemsworth and Mark Ruffalo, who also attended the premiere.
Johansson and Jost were first linked in May 2017 following Johansson's appearance on SNL. The actor discussed Jost on Tuesday's episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show, saying the comedian's "Weekend Update" segments are their favorite SNL sketches.
"I guess I'm a Colin fan," they gushed.
Johansson split from Romain Dauriac in 2016 after two years of marriage, and shares 4-year-old daughter Rose Dorothy with their ex-husband. They will also star in the film Jojo Rabbit from Thor: Ragnarok director Taika Waititi.
US Congress must end chain migration to enhance national security as underscored by the terror attack in New York City, President Donald Trump said in a press release.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier on Monday, a man detonated a bomb inside a New York City subway passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, injuring three people and himself.
"Congress must end chain migration," Trump said in a press release. "Congress must also act on my Administration's other proposals to enhance domestic security, including increasing the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, [and] enhancing… detention authorities."
The US President added that the attempted mass murder attack in New York City highlights the urgent need for Congress to take these actions on immigration reform.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions also said in a press release that the explosion in the New York City subway was a consequence of US failed immigration policies.
"We have now seen two terrorist attacks in New York City in less than two months that were carried out by people who came here as the result of our failed immigration policies that do not serve the national interest," Sessions said on Monday.
© AFP 2017/ Bryan R. Smith Attempted Terror Attack Shows Need for Strict Immigration Reform - White House
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) confirmed Ullah came to the United States from Bangladesh presenting a passport with a F-43 family immigrant visa. They obtained a lawful permanent resident status through family chain migration system.
Sessions said the 20-year-old son of the sister of a US citizen should not get priority to stay in the country ahead of young professionals, entrepreneurs, and people who demonstrate desire to succeed.
The attorney general pointed out that President Donald Trump has been a long-time advocate of replacing the diversity lottery and chain migration with a merit-based system.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The Class A Tampa Yankees have been renamed the Tampa Tarpons.
New York's farm team in the Class A Florida State League announced the change Monday,
A Tampa Tarpons played in the FSL from 1957-88, then moved and became the Sarasota White Sox. The Tarpons were affiliated with Philadelphia from 1957-60, Cincinnati from 1961-87 and the White Sox in 1988.
Tampa's principal colours will be Legends navy, Tarpon silver and Gulf blue.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Gamecocks signee Josiah Sightler talks recruiting class, being a dual threat
Swansea senior and USC baseball signee Josiah Sightler discusses their love of hitting, pitching and this year's Gamecocks recruiting class.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. -- Beverly Hills police are looking for 12 suspects who smashed the windows of two Rodeo Drive clothing stores with the help of a sledgehammer early Tuesday morning.
Surveillance video from the street shows four vehicles arriving in sequence on the 400 block of North Rodeo Drive around 3:50 a.m.
A dozen people then exit the cars, park in a line, and run toward storefronts in the tony shopping district, said Lt. Elisabeth Albanese with the Beverly Hills Police Department.
“Clearly, there was some planning that the suspects underwent," Albanese told KTLA. "It was extremely bold.”
The surveillance video shows the suspects first smashing the window of Saint Laurent at 469 N. Rodeo Drive, but they are unable to breach the store.
The group then targets Zadig & Voltaire at 465 N. Rodeo Drive, successfully shattering a window and removing several items. The burglars then load the merchandise into their vehicles and exit on southbound Rodeo, authorities said.
Police were able to identify one of the suspect vehicles, a black Hyundai four-door, and initiated a pursuit from the area of Santa Monica and Westwood boulevards.
But once the chase reached Cloverdale Avenue and Rodeo Road in Baldwin Hills, the Hyundai came to a halt and four to six men ran from the vehicle, officials said.
The suspects were able to escape, but the Hyundai is now in police custody. Merchandise stolen from the store that the suspects had discarded during the pursuit was recovered as well, officers said.
In addition to the 12 men captured on video, police are now searching for the remaining three suspect vehicles. They are described as a gray or silver two-door BMW, a gray or silver BMW X5 SUV and a black four-door Honda Civic.
The burglary and attempted burglary come a week after another one on May 21 at Saks Fifth Avenue.
In that crime, officers also found a broken window, but it was unknown what was taken from the store.
Anyone who has information about Tuesday's crime is asked to call the Beverly Hills Police Department at 310-285-2158.
An overturned Brinks truck in the southbound lanes of Pacific Coast Highway, at Entrada Road, snarled and delayed traffic for close to four hours on June 14. PCH, Chautauqua, Entrada and Sunset were all impacted. The accident is under investigation.
Christine Darrin was a passenger in a northbound car that was approaching Patrick's Road house around 11:30 a.m. “I saw the truck come through the signal. Then, it was like slo-motion, the whole truck was tipping over.”
According to a police officer on the site, the truck came down Chautauqua and made a left onto PCH. Shortly after going through the narrow lane onto the highway, the truck tipped over onto its side and blocked two southbound traffic lanes. When the truck fell, it hit a small roadside yellow pole, which went through the windshield of the truck, narrowing missing the driver, who escaped injury.
“Cars pulled over,” Darrin said. “A man and woman were immediately at the window of the truck to see if they could help the driver.”
Around 1:15, workers started to unload boxes in the truck. There was change on the road, that included pennies, nickels and dimes, leaving one passerby to comment, “Wasn't parking meter money in that truck.”
About 28 metal, locked boxes had to be unloaded and when a second truck arrived around 2 p.m., that truck was loaded. Once the damaged truck was empty, a tow trucker driver righted it shortly before 3 p.m. and all lanes of traffic were reopened.
April 5 ProPhase Labs Inc
* ProPhase provides shareholder update
* ProPhase Labs Inc- Company received net proceeds from sale of cold-eeze(®) of approximately $39.3 million after certain deductions
* ProPhase Labs - Anticipates co's cash resources to be further reduced as consequence of required payments of co's retained liabilities, among others Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The U.S. Air Force has sent a number of F-35 stealth fighters to Europe as a message to Russia that it stands behind its NATO allies.
The F-35As arrived on Saturday in the United Kingdom. The jets from Hill Air Force Base in Utah will conduct training with other U.S. and NATO aircraft over the next several weeks.
It is the F-35A's first training deployment to Europe. “As we and our joint F-35 partners bring this aircraft into our inventories, it's important that we train together to integrate into a seamless team capable of defending the sovereignty of allied nations,” Gen. Tod D. Wolters, commander of US Air Forces in Europe, said in a statement. The aircraft “will help maintain the fundamental sovereignty rights of all nations,” the USAF noted.
The deployment is in support of what the U.S. calls the European Reassurance Initiative. That was initiated in 2014 by the White House in response to Russian actions in the Crimea and Ukraine.
CTV Atlantic
Police in New Brunswick say the human remains discovered in the St. John River this month is those of a missing 42-year-old man.
New Brunswick RCMP say canoeists found the body on Aug. 2 near the shore, close to Tobique Narrows.
Police say an autopsy confirmed the remains were those of Tony Vaillancourt of Morrell Siding, who had not been in contact with friends or family since April 9.
The cause of the man's death is still under investigation.
Anyone who may be able to assist the investigation is asked to contact the West District RCMP.
Two inmates are back in custody after escaping from the Vernon County Jail over the weekend. The Sheriff says 24-year old Timothy McCullick, who is serving time for forgery, and 29-year old Christopher Purgerson, serving time for burglary and forgery both escaped by breaking through a metal ceiling in the bathroom, crawling through an air duct, and kicking out the side of an air conditioning unit on the roof of the jail.
A customer holds an Apple Inc. iPhone X smartphone during the sales launch at a store in New York, U.S., on Friday, Nov. 3, 2017. The $1,000 price tag on Apple Inc.'s new iPhone X didn't deter throngs of enthusiasts around the world who waited -- sometimes overnight -- in long lines with no guarantee they would walk out of the store with one of the coveted devices. Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg
INTERNATIONAL - Apple Inc. is designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, using a secret manufacturing facility near its California headquarters to make small numbers of the screens for testing purposes, according to people familiar with the situation.
The technology giant is making a significant investment in the development of next-generation MicroLED screens, say the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. MicroLED screens use different light-emitting compounds than the current OLED displays and promise to make future gadgets slimmer, brighter and less power-hungry.
The screens are far more difficult to produce than OLED displays, and the company almost killed the project a year or so ago, the people say. Engineers have since been making progress and the technology is now at an advanced stage, they say, though consumers will probably have to wait a few years before seeing the results.
An Apple building in Longtan, Taiwan, on Dec. 14, 2015. Photographer: Maurice Tsai/Bloomberg
The ambitious undertaking is the latest example of Apple bringing the design of key components in-house. The company has designed chips powering its mobile devices for several years. Its move into displays has the long-term potential to hurt a range of suppliers, from screen makers like Samsung Electronics Co., Japan Display Inc., Sharp Corp. and LG Display Co. to companies like Synaptics Inc. that produce chip-screen interfaces. It may also hurt Universal Display Corp., a leading developer of OLED technology.
Display makers in Asia fell after Bloomberg News reported the plans. Japan Display dropped as much as 4.4 percent, Sharp tumbled as much as 3.3 percent and Samsung slid 1.4 percent. Shares in Apple were down 1.3 percent during early trading at 5:21 a.m. in New York.
Controlling MicroLED technology would help Apple stand out in a maturing smartphone market and outgun rivals like Samsung that have been able to tout superior screens. Ray Soneira, who runs screen tester DisplayMate Technologies, says bringing the design in-house is a “golden opportunity” for Apple. “Everyone can buy an OLED or LCD screen,” they say. “But Apple could own MicroLED.”
None of this will be easy. Mass producing the new screens will require new manufacturing equipment. By the time the technology is ready, something else might have supplanted it. Apple could run into insurmountable hurdles and abandon the project or push it back. It's also an expensive endeavor.
Ultimately, Apple will likely outsource production of its new screen technology to minimize the risk of hurting its bottom line with manufacturing snafus. The California facility is too small for mass-production, but the company wants to keep the proprietary technology away from its partners as long as possible, one of the people says. “We put a lot of money into the facility,” this person says. “It's big enough to get through the engineering builds [and] lets us keep everything in-house during the development stages.”
An Apple spokesperson declined to comment.
Right now smartphones and other gadgets essentially use off-the-shelf display technology. The Apple Watch screen is made by LG Display. Ditto for Google's larger Pixel phone. The iPhone X, Apple's first OLED phone, uses Samsung technology. Phone manufacturers tweak screens to their specifications, and Apple has for years calibrated iPhone screens for color accuracy. But this marks the first time Apple is designing screens end-to-end itself.
The secret initiative, code-named T159, is overseen by executive Lynn Youngs, an Apple veteran who helped develop touch screens for the original iPhone and iPad and now oversees iPhone and Apple Watch screen technology.
The 62,000-square-foot manufacturing facility, the first of its kind for Apple, is located on an otherwise unremarkable street in Santa Clara, California, a 15-minute drive from the Apple Park campus in Cupertino and near a few other unmarked Apple offices. There, about 300 engineers are designing and producing MicroLED screens for use in future products. The facility also has a special area for the intricate process of “growing” LEDs.
Another facility nearby houses technology that handles so-called LED transfers: the process of placing individual pixels into a MicroLED screen. Apple inherited the intellectual property for that process when it purchased startup LuxVue in 2014.
Apple Inc. iPhone X smartphones are arranged for a photograph during the sales launch at a store in New York, U.S., on Friday, Nov. 3, 2017. Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg
About a year after that acquisition, Apple opened a display research lab (described internally as a “Technology Center”) in Taiwan. In a test to see if the company could pull off in-house display manufacturing, engineers in Taiwan first built a small number of LCD screens using Apple technology. They were assembled at the Santa Clara factory and retrofitted into iPhone 7 prototypes. Apple executives tested them, then gave the display team the go-ahead to move forward with the development of Apple-designed MicroLED screens.
The complexity of building a screen manufacturing facility meant it took Apple several months to get the California plant operational. Only in recent months have Apple engineers grown confident in their ability to eventually replace screens from Samsung and other suppliers.
In late 2017, for the first time, engineers managed to manufacture fully functional MicroLED screens for future Apple Watches; the company aims to make the new technology available first in its wearable computers. While still at least a couple of years away from reaching consumers -- assuming the company decides to proceed -- producing a functional MicroLED Apple Watch prototype is a significant milestone for a company that in the past designed hardware to be produced by others.
The latest MicroLED Apple Watch prototypes aren't fully functioning wearables; instead the screen portion is connected to an external computer board. The screens are notably brighter than the current OLED Watch displays, and engineers have a finer level of control over individual colors, according to a person who has seen them. Executives recently approved continued development for the next two years, with the aim of shipping MicroLED screens in products.
It's unlikely that the technology will reach an iPhone for at least three to five years, the people say. While the smartphone is Apple's cash cow, there is precedent for new screen technologies showing up in the Apple Watch first. When it was introduced in 2014, the Apple Watch had an OLED screen. The technology finally migrated to the iPhone X last year.
Creating MicroLED screens is extraordinarily complex. Depending on screen size, they can contain millions of individual pixels. Each has three sub-pixels: red, green and blue LEDs. Each of these tiny LEDs must be individually created and calibrated. Each piece comes from what is known as a “donor wafer” and then are mass-transferred to the MicroLED screen. Early in the process, Apple bought these wafers from third-party manufacturers like Epistar Corp. and Osram Licht AG but has since begun “growing” its own LEDs to make in-house donor wafers. The growing process is done inside a clean room at the Santa Clara facility.
Engineers at the facility are also assembling prototype MicroLED screens, right down to attaching the screen to the glass. The backplanes, an underlying component that electronically powers the displays, are developed at the Taiwan facility. Apple is also designing its own thin-film transistors and screen drivers, key components in display assemblies. Currently, the Santa Clara facility is capable of manufacturing a handful of fully operational Apple Watch-sized (under 2 inches diagonally) MicroLED screens at a time.
Until MicroLED is ready for the world to see, Apple will still -- at least publicly -- be all-in on OLED. The company plans to release a second OLED iPhone in the fall, a giant, 6.5-inch model, and is working to expand OLED production from Samsung to also include LG.
The Canadian Press
BATHURST, N.B. -- Police say three youths have been arrested in Bathurst, after a threat involving schools in the northern New Brunswick city was posted on social media.
The alleged threat prompted a lockdown of students at the Nepisiguit High School and Place des Jeunes School on Monday morning, but was lifted shortly before noon, and students sent home for the rest of the day.
In a post on their Facebook page, Bathurst City Police say other schools in the municipality were also placed in a "restricted access" mode during the incident.
Police have not said if the three youths were students at the schools, but do say the investigation is ongoing.
The police are thanking school staff for their professionalism during the process to secure students and their collaboration with law enforcement personnel.
They are also commending parents for their cooperation and understanding during the course of the incident.
A concerted effort by Republicans in Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act hit a surprising road block earlier this year: strong pushback against cuts to Medicaid.
How did a program once tie to a "welfare stigma" become so fiercely debated, transcending partisan divides?
According to new findings from researchers at the University of Chicago, Medicaid is now seen as an important part of the middle-class social safety net, thanks to nearly 60 percent of Americans being connected to the program directly or through a family member or close friend.
Researchers Colleen M. Grogan, a professor in UChicago's School of Social Service Administration, and Sunggeun (Ethan) Park, a doctoral student in the school, found that those with a connection to Medicaid were more likely to view the program as important and to support increases in spending than those with no connection. Medicaid provides health care coverage to nearly 68 million low income and elderly Americans.
The findings appear in the December issue of The Milbank Quarterly, a multidisciplinary journal of population health and health policy.
While most means-tested programs in the United States, like food stamps and public housing, are stigmatizing, Medicaid has proven resilient to retrenchment and actually has expanded dramatically over the years, most recently through the Affordable Care Act. The question is: Has it become something closer to a non-partisan, middle-class entitlement program?
"These findings suggest that, although partisanship is important, Medicaid constituents and their allies are primed to be mobilized to not only protect the program against retrenchment but also to proactively fight for expansion," Grogan said. "If Medicaid constituents can be sufficiently mobilized, then Medicaid can begin to mimic the politics of a middle-class entitlement."
The research uses the Kaiser Family Foundation Poll: Medicare and Medicaid at 50, a nationally representative survey of 1,849 participants. Using the data, Grogan and Park examined three questions: Are individuals with a connection to Medicaid more likely to view the program as important? Are they more likely to support an increase in Medicaid spending? Are they more likely to support adoption of the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act?
They found that more than half of all Americans are connected to the Medicaid program either directly or indirectly, and are significantly more likely to view the program as important and support increases to it. They also found that more than 90 percent of Americans say they would sign up for the program if eligible.
For future research, Grogan and Park recommend probing more deeply whether people with different types of connections to Medicaid view the program differently and, if so, how and why. Further recommendations include whether state-level attempts to destigmatize the program by renaming it also serves to reduce knowledge and support for Medicaid.
###
Less than 24 hours after Roseanne Barr lost their eponymous show on ABC over a racist tweet about a former Obama administration official, the comedian tweeted — then deleted — that they wrote the post under the influence of the popular prescription sleeping pill Ambien.
“It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible,” they said.
On Wednesday morning, the company that produces the sleep aid drug took to social media to affirm that their product does not, in fact, cause one to write racist posts.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Actions by the United States are likely the cause for the failure of North Korea's attempted missile launch test over the weekend, former CIA senior intelligence officer Tony Shaffer said in an interview Monday.
"Yes, I think there is a pretty good chance we did something that interfered with that missile launch over the weekend," Shaffer told Fox News.
© AFP 2017/ JUNG YEON-JE Kremlin Urges Restraint in Settling N Korea Nuclear Issue
On Sunday, North Korea attempted conducting a ballistic missile test, but the launch resulted in a failure very soon after the missile took off, according to US and South Korean defense officials.
The attempted test comes after North Korea held a military parade on Friday, showing its weapons arsenal that included variety of missiles.
Media reports claimed US-based cyberattack may be responsible for the missile launch's failure.
Time doesn't pass as fast as it seemed to when they were careening down a French mountainside to Olympic gold and silver, but it's still running out on Nancy Greene Raine in the Senate.
Currently the oldest member of Parliament's Upper Chamber, Greene Raine will reach the mandatory retirement age of 75 on May 11, ending a tenure of slightly more than nine years since they were appointed to the Senate by the prime minister of the day, Stephen Harper.
They promise to remain engaged by watching Senate proceedings on CPAC, “and, if I feel like I want my two cents to be heard, it's pretty easy with the media of today to get involved in the conversation. I'm not going to promise that I'm going to be active 100 per cent, but I'm certainly going to be following the issues that are going through our Parliament with great interest. It has been a real privilege to be a senator. It has been a fascinating experience. I've really enjoyed it.
“It's too bad everybody can't do it, because it is an opportunity to understand how we are governed and how our government works.”
Related
Greene Raine's pet legislative project as their Senate career winds down is the Child Health Protection Act. Passed by the Senate in September and currently at second reading in the House of Commons, it proposes changing the Food and Drug Act to prohibit advertising of unhealthy food and drinks targeting children under age 17.
In December, though, Manitoba Liberal MP Doug Eyolfson, who had sponsored the bill in the Commons, said the restriction should be limited to children under 13, a change also called for by Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor. Greene Raine said they accepted that amendment.
Eyolfson's office said they are working to try to have a second hour of debate in the House of Commons rescheduled for Feb. 12, though a date for the vote that would be the final stage of second reading remained uncertain. If approved then, the legislation would be directed to the Standing Committee on Health, which would have 45 sitting days to review it.
“I'll certainly be called before the committee when it goes to committee, and that will be the chance for me to say something,” said Greene Raine, the 1960s World Cup and Olympic ski champion who themselves once had an endorsement deal for Mars candy bars.
“I am a bit concerned, because there are some business interests that are lobbying very hard against the bill, and, unfortunately, some of them are sports organizations who are afraid that they will lose their sponsorships.
“But my feeling is that, in terms of sports, sponsors will be found, other sponsors. And do you really want our top athletes being used by people who are producing unhealthy products to target children to pester their parents to buy them junk food? I don't think any athlete would want that, but, when millions of dollars are waved in front of you to put a logo on your headgear, it's hard to resist and that, you know, is reality.”
Greene Raine said their initiative began three years ago following a study on rising rates of obesity by the Senate committee on social science and technology that they sit on, including a frank assessment about the difficulty of changing after an individual became obese.
“It's really hard,” they said. “It's a life sentence, in a way, so it behooves us to act on it.”
Asked what they expected to miss when their time in the Senate had ended, Greene Raine paused for a moment before referring to their counterparts as colleagues and friends that they wouldn't have otherwise met.
“As for the experience that I have had, I really do appreciate why it is not a bad idea for the prime minister to appoint senators,” they said. “The prime minister taking responsibility for good appointments and using their ability to appoint people gives the Senate a variety of people that come from all walks of life and (let it) be balanced as a good-thinking body for the betterment of the country.”
As prime minister herself, the 1968 Olympic hero said, they would concentrate Senate appointments on those who have made their marks by the work they have done in their lives, so it would tend to be an older group.
“It should almost be a like a chamber of elders, people who have proven through their life's work they have talents to give and, if they're willing to do that at the end of their life or at the end of their working career, I think that's a great service to the country,” they added.
“In other words, it's not bad if the Senators that are appointed are 60-plus. A lot of people think, ‘Oh, you should be appointing more young people, but, under our constitution, that means they would stay there for a long time. I think 10-15 years is plenty.”
gholder@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/HolderGord
(Reuters Health) - When a bystander gives CPR or applies an automatic defibrillator to someone who has collapsed from cardiac arrest, the benefits persist for at least a year.
A Danish study has concluded that the two techniques lower the long-term risk of death from any cause, brain damage or nursing home admission by one third in people who are still alive 30 days after their cardiac arrest.
Most previous studies have looked at whether people who get CPR or defibrillation manage to survive or escape serious injury by the 30-day mark.
"This science provides the linkage to show that resuscitation is not just important in the immediate cardiac arrest phase, but it's an important factor into whether they go back to their lives intact," said Dr. Michael Kurz, associate professor of emergency medicine at the University of Alabama-Birmingham Medicine, who was not involved in the study.
"We were surprised to see that, once you select 30-day survivors, so many were still alive at one year and the majority of these survivors seemed to have a fairly good outcome," study coauthor Dr. Kristian Kragholm told Reuters Health in a telephone interview. "If bystanders intervened by starting chest compression, survivors were less likely to experience brain damage or be admitted to a nursing home. And with an AED (automated external defibrillator), the benefit was even greater."
For the public, it's further evidence "of what you can do when you witness a cardiac arrest," and why policymakers should be working harder to both require resuscitation training for the general public and make more defibrillators available in public places, said Kragholm, of Aalborg University Hospital in Denmark.
The study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, used national registries to identify 34,459 people who had received some type of bystander resuscitation when they had cardiac arrest outside of a hospital. Only 8.3 percent survived for a month.
But with bystander CPR, the odds of subsequent death from any cause at one year among the 30-day survivors were 30 percent lower, the likelihood of brain damage or nursing home admission was 38 percent lower and the rate of all three outcomes combined was 33 percent lower.
With bystander defibrillation, the death rate was 78 percent lower, the composite of brain damage or nursing home admission was 55 percent lower and the odds for the combination of all three were also 55 percent lower. But the number of cases where a defibrillator was used was relatively small, even though the automated devices are becoming more common.
Over all, the risk of brain damage or a nursing home admission was just 3.7 percent if the cardiac arrest was witnessed by emergency medical service personnel. If bystanders used defibrillation, the rate was 8.4 percent. If bystanders used CPR alone it was 12.1 percent. The danger was highest - 18.6 percent - when no bystander resuscitation was done.
"This underpins the importance of the public to identify and respond to that emergency," Kurz said. "Denmark has a very impressive bystander CPR rate. That's one of the reasons the numbers in this article are so good."
During the study, which ran from 2001 through 2012, the rate of bystander CPR went from 67 percent of the cases to 81 percent, and the rate of bystander defibrillation jumped from 2 percent to nearly 17 percent.
"Such increases are probably related to the multiple nationwide initiatives that have been taken in Denmark, including widespread mandatory and voluntary CPR training; widespread dissemination of automated external defibrillators; the introduction of health care professionals at emergency dispatch centers, facilitating dispatcher-assisted CPR; and the formation and linkage of an automated external defibrillator registry to the dispatch centers, enabling health care professionals to guide bystanders to the nearest automated external defibrillators," Kurz said.
Bystanders themselves can also locate the nearest automated external defibrillator with the use of a smartphone application.
CPR education became mandatory in schools in 2005 and for people acquiring a driver's license in 2006, according to Kragholm.
Kurz said that in the United States, defibrillators should be required in local building codes the way communities require fire alarms, smoke detectors and fire extinguishers.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2qgNUHP New England Journal of Medicine, online May 3, 2017.
The high school football season is winding down, but there's still time for some late theatrics, and Allen High School's matchup with Trinity ​in the Texas Class 6A Division I state quarterfinals provided.
As the clocked tick down towards half-time, Allen QB Grant Tisdale broke several tackles before flipping the ball to receiver Andrew Magee for a touchdown:
Allen went on to win 41-20.
This article has been sponsored by Griffith University for their new Bachelor of Social Science – find out more here.
Kevin Rudd described global warming as "the greatest moral challenge of our generation", but this is too simple. It's the greatest economic, political, social, cultural, environmental, and scientific challenge of our time.
A silver bullet won't be found in a scientist's laboratory, the halls of Parliament, nor a community activist's meeting.
Nope, it'll take a coordinated effort from researchers, corporations, politicians, innovators and communities to tackle climate change.
This is precisely why social scientists are poised to play such a crucial role. People with the breadth of understanding and skills to navigate and coordinate all of these moving parts will be absolutely crucial.
So with that in mind, here are five of the instruments in a social scientist's toolkit that we'll need to fight this real and present danger.
1. Research and innovation
Without technological transformation in some of the world's biggest industries, we won't stand a chance.
Existing alternative energy sources such as solar and wind need to become more efficient, and fledgeling technologies like ocean, hybrid and bio energies need to develop to support ever-increasing energy demands.
New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman has famously framed climate change as an issue of economic competitiveness and innovation.
The countries and businesses that are more successful at producing new energy technologies and practices will thrive.
The rest will fall behind.
2. Data Analysis
It sounds dry, but data analysis strikes at the very heart of the climate change debate. The interpretation of global temperature data is the major flashpoint for the conversation, and so understanding and communicating this information will only become more important over time.
On top of this, big data is proving to be crucial in the response to global warming.
Microsoft's mind-boggling Madingley project is a real-time virtual biosphere – ie. a simulation of all life on earth.
It creates a simulation of the global carbon cycle and predicts how it will impact everything from pollution to animal migration to deforestation.
3. Political leadership
Leaders with a deep understanding of socio-political structures and forces will be needed to enact change on a legislative and global level.
The recent failure of the Paris Accord shows just how important negotiation and diplomacy will be in order to get countries from around the world to work together.
This not only involves political guile, but also communication skills, cultural knowledge and courage to make difficult but necessary decisions.
4. Corporate leadership
With this in mind, leadership in the corporate sector naturally has a massive role to play. Far swifter and more meaningful change can come from within a business than when it's mandated by government regulations.
Business models will need to be forward-thinking, not relying on traditional methods of production, and change company cultures in the process.
A recent example of this sort of industry leadership is Volvo who announced they will cease production of purely internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles by 2019.
5. Communication skills
Andrew J. Hoffman from the University of Michigan perfectly articulated the state of the "toxic" climate change debate:
"On the one side, this is all a hoax, humans have no impact on the climate and nothing unusual is happening.
"On the other side, this is an imminent crisis, human activity explains all climate changes, and it will devastate life on Earth as we know it. Amidst this acrimonious din, scientists are trying to explain the complexity of the issue."
As a society we'll need to reach some sort of meaningful consensus on the issue. From the boardroom to Twitter, we'll need opinion leaders who can navigate the clashing world views that dictate how we view the science.
It won't be easy, but it is necessary.
Clearly, climate change and many other global concerns are multi-faceted issues that necessitate a range of approaches and perspectives.
It's for this very reason that Griffith University researcher Ben Fenton-Smith believes "there is no question that social scientists are going to be in huge demand in the next 20–30 years."
"As our use of data, technology and information increases, we are going to need social scientists to make sense of it."
Complex problems have complex solutions.
Griffith University is introducing a brand-new Bachelor of Social Sciences to develop the next generation of Aussie leaders keen to tackle the biggest issues facing the world today. Head over here to find out about this exciting new degree.
Recent news:
Arcus Syndicate 1856 names syndicate manager
Laura Board 15 February 2017
Arcus Syndicate 1856 said it has appointed Gary Delaney as syndicate manager, with immediate effect.
Delaney, a former class of business deputy executive at Lloyd's, will support active underwriter Nicky Payne in running the syndicate's underwriting operations. They will report to Rajiv Punja, head of Arcus Syndicate.
At Lloyd's, Delaney worked with the underwriting performance department and the Performance Management Directorate (PMD) to monitor all business classes across the market.
They joined Lloyd's in 2008 as an analyst within the...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The proposed plebiscite on whether Calgary should pursue a bid for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games could take place in November.
City of Calgary officials have earmarked then as the most likely time for the vote over the future involvement in the bid.
The plebiscite will only move forward, however, should the Council agree to continue pursuing the Olympic bid.
Evan Woolley, chair of the City's Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games Oversight Committee, claimed earlier this month that the result of the public ballot would be binding.
Councillors are due to hold another vote on whether to proceed in June after studying more details about the potential financial implications of hosting the Winter Olympics for the first time since 1988.
A decision has yet to be taken on the question which will be asked to voters, however a proposal has been floated.
The proposed questions are: "Do you support or do you oppose The City of Calgary's participation in hosting the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games?"
Potential answers would be either "Yes, I support The City of Calgary's participation" or "No, I oppose The City of Calgary's participation".
The Canadian city is also seeking to secure local input for its potential bid, with officials considering public hearings.
Mayor Naheed Nenshi opposed the idea of holding the hearings, but other means of gathering feedback are expected to be considered.
Calgary hosted the Winter Olympics back in 1988 ©Getty Images
"If we're doing the plebiscite, the public hearing is just window dressing," Nenshi said, according to CBC.
"It's a lot of time, it's a lot of work, it's a lot of money to organise that.
"It's very difficult for people who are working to come down to the city.
"So you never get a full cross-section of people."
In 2017, the Bid Exploration Committee, which has so far spent CAD$5.2 million (£3 million/$4 million/€3.5 million) on exploring the possibility of a bid, estimated that the Games would cost $4.6 billion (£2.6 billion/€3.6 billion/€3 billion).
That budget could be revised next month, however, when an update is expected to be given.
Sion in Switzerland, Graz in Austria, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey and Stockholm in Sweden are among the other contenders for the 2026 Games, as well as a joint Italian bid from Milan, Turin and Cortina d'Ampezzo.
Sion in Switzerland must also face a referendum.
A host city is due to be chosen by the International Olympic Committee in 2019.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins June 1 and runs through Nov. 30. Maureen Kenyon/Treasure Coast Newspapers
Forecast of Tropical Storm Nate as of 8 a.m. on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo: National Hurricane Center)
Tropical Storm Nate continues to head away from Central America and toward the Gulf of Mexico as of Friday morning. No major changes in the storm's strength or path have been reported by the National Hurricane Center.
More: 8 a.m. advisory: Tropical Storm Nate heads toward the Gulf of Mexico
Nate currently has maximum sustained winds of 45 mph and is moving north-northwest at 14 mph. It is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the Gulf.
Hurricane watches remain in effect between Louisiana and the Alabama-Florida border.
Between 3 and 6 inches of rain are expected for the central Gulf Coast states, with a maximum of 12 inches possible, NHC reports state.
At least 22 deaths have been attributed to heavy rains from Nate in Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
The system is expected to strengthen to near-hurricane-force winds before striking Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/weather/2017/10/06/tropical-storm-nate-forecast-become-hurricane-before-striking-gulf-states/738912001/
RBI Miami is excited to announce that nearly $40,000 was raised at the Annual Snowball Classic, held Saturday, January 28, 2017.
RBI Miami is a grass roots organization dedicated to raising funds to renovate Miami's baseball and softball fields. The money raised will go toward renovations to the High School baseball and softball fields as well as Ottawa County Youth Baseball fields.
The Snowball Classic is an annual fundraiser. This year's featured guest speaker was St. Louis Cardinal's Hall of Fame left fielder Lou Brock. Guests enjoyed a full reception and dinner as well as live and silent auctions. Dinner was served by the Miami High School Baseball and Softball teams.
For more information about RBI Miami please call 918.542.4479.
FORMER vice detective Bernie Johnson – the police officer who it is claimed might be the key to unlocking the mysterious murder of brothel madam Shirley Finn – will not give evidence at the ongoing inquest because of their advanced dementia.
Counsel assisting the coroner Toby Bishop revealed this morning that two doctors reports have confirmed Mr Johnson, now aged in their 80s, had been living in a specialised elderly care home since 2015, and has been diagnosed with advanced dementia and Alzheimers.
In a report read to the court, Dr Fola Bello said Mr Johnson had “no testamentary capacity”, and would therefore provide “no reasonable contribution to proceedings.”
Camera Icon Shirley Johnson was murdered in 1975. Picture: Facebook
It said that Mr Johnson's symptoms included BPSD - behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia – including aggression, agitation, and inappropriate behaviours, and they had “no insight” into those behaviours.
Coroner Barry King formally released Mr Johnson from a summons to attend the inquest, meaning they will now not take any personal part in the hearing.
Johnson was head of the WA police vice squad at the time of Ms Finn's murder in 1975.
They have been consistently named throughout the inquest as a police officer who was close to Ms Finn, and speculated by some to be the man who either pulled the trigger or organised the gangland-style killing.
Ms Finn's bullet-riddled body, dressed in a ball gown, was found in their distinctive American car, parked on the Royal Perth golf course on the morning of June 22, 1975.
Rumours have swirled for years about police involvement in the killing, as Ms Finn was due to give evidence at a tax hearing where they had threatened to “name names”.
Camera Icon Former WA police officer Bernie Johnson. Picture: Steve Ferrier.
The inquest has heard from several former police who claim that Mr Johnson was corrupt, reportedly collecting “protection money” from brothel owners to ensure they would not get raided as part of the WA Police's “containment” policy of prostitution of the time.
Other witnesses have claimed Johnson themselves could have been directly responsible for the murder.
Shirley Finn's former close friend and dressmaker Glenn Properjohn, who made the satin ball gown Ms Finn was wearing when was murdered, described Mr Johnson as “ruthless”, “bombastic” and “crooked”.
Asked directly whether Johnson was involved in their friend's death, Mr Properjohn said: “I think so. They organised it.”
Convicted race fixer and horse trainer Bob Meyers told the inquest that "90 per cent" of the police force knew they were killed by Johnson, and claimed friend and former police officer Colin Pace had told them Mr Johnson shot Ms Finn with a gun stolen from the police armoury.
Mr Pace is scheduled to give evidence later this week.
Mr Johnson, in a television interview in 2008, flatly denied they had anything to do with Ms Finn's murder. The inquest will resume today.
The Khronos Group has kicked off the week by releasing Vulkan 1.0.58 as the latest minor update to this high-performance graphics API.Vulkan 1.0.58 has a handful of documentation corrections / updates / clarifications. Vulkan 1.0.58 also has one new extension: VK_EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer.VK_EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer adds support for the SPIR-V SPV_EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer extension in Vulkan. This allows variables with the layer and viewport index built-ins to be exported from vertex and tessellation shaders.Overall a pretty tiny update but just rather routine for the Vulkan crew with issuing documentation updates frequently. The latest Vulkan documentation can be obtained from the Khronos.org registry
An inspirational teenager is helping to show girls how to get involved in charity fund-raising.
Harriotte Lane, 16 of West Allotment, organised a pageant to help girls get into fund-raising and build their confidence.
The event raised £1,846 for The Christie, a cancer charity that is building a proton beam therapy unit.
The 31 contestants were challenged to raise £20 for charity. The top fund-raiser was seven-year-old Daisy Tams, pictured right with Harriotte, who raised £246 by making and selling pompoms and hosting a tombola and pamper party.
Harriotte, who is Miss Teen Tyne and Wear Galaxy, was recently presented with the Diana Award in recognition of their charity work and for making a positive impact on the community.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Ford fans, prepare to be excited. Already we know that the Blue Oval plans to debut a new version of the Ranger here in the U.S., as well as a hardcore Raptor variant, but only lately have we seen more details emerge surrounding the new pickup. These spy photos are the latest telling signs, and preview the production body of the 2019 Ranger for the first time, hiding under a heavy amount of camouflage, of course. But there are some key details to make out.
Spied in FX4 trim, the Explorer-like grille is clearly distinguishable underneath the mesh covering. Small portions of the production headlights and taillights can also be noted. The taller ride height/off-road suspension, along with chunkier tires, underbody skid plate, and overall muscular appearance are all the clues we need to uncover its FX4 designation.
Under the hood, the Ranger is likely hiding a turbocharged four-cylinder EcoBoost engine. A 2.7-liter V6 is also rumored to join the lineup near the top of the range, and the high-performance Raptor version could wield a 3.5-liter EcoBoost unit. Each engine will come paired to a 10-speed automatic.
Of course, we won't know all the details surrounding the new Ranger until the pickup makes its official debut. Expect to see the standard model sometime in 2018, with the high-performance Raptor version to follow later in 2019 or early 2020. Like the Bronco before it, the new Ranger will be built at Ford's Wayne, Michigan, production facility. Most of the initial engineering and development will take place at Ford's Asia-Pacific Engineering Center in Victoria, Australia, but as we've seen with spy photos, prototypes have been running around the U.S. since February.
Source: Automedia
A crash reported by the Kansas Highway Patrol Saturday claimed the life of a Hays man.
According to the patrol, a 2002 Toyota Tacoma driven by 51-year-old Darin Alan Stiles was westbound on K4 one half mile east of La Crosse, when the truck hit the gravel shoulder on the north side of the road. Stiles overcorrected and the vehicle entered the south ditch, overturned in the field and Stiles was ejected.
Stiles was not wearing a seat belt. They were pronounced dead at the scene. The exact time of the crash is unknown.
The details are still being worked on, but all signs are pointing to an outdoor game on Dec. 17 at TD Place.
Speaking before the Centennial Classic in Toronto on Sunday, commissioner Gary Bettman told reporters the plan is for the league to hold three outdoor games next season. It's expected one of those will be held in Ottawa to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the league with the Senators taking on the Montreal Canadiens.
The first NHL game in history was played Dec. 19, 1917 in Ottawa between the Senators and Canadiens but league officials want the game played on a weekend, which is why it's scheduled for Dec. 17 (a Sunday). TD Place will be expanded to 35,000 seats for the 2017 Grey Cup and that seating will be kept in place.
Bettman alluded to a potential Ottawa game while speaking in Toronto.
“We're focused on a game on the same day that we played our first game,” Bettman said. “Obviously, we're (also) focused on a Winter Classic. So my guess is we're probably talking about three games next year, give or take, but none have been finalized.”
Netflix is officially spinning more Tales of the City. The streamer has formally ordered a 10-episode limited-series revival of the beloved Armistead Maupin franchise, and has tapped Ellen Page to join an alum-heavy cast that includes Tales vets Laura Linney (Mary Ann), Olympia Dukakis (Anna) and Barbara Garrick (DeDe). Page will play Shawna, the daughter of Linney's Mary Ann.
Additionally, Lauren Morelli (Orange is The New Black) will serve as showrunner/executive producer/writer on the project, which will bear the title Armistead Maupin's Tales of the City. Rumors that Netflix was looking to resurrect Tales began percolating nearly a year ago.
The fourth TV chapter of the LGBT-themed, San Francisco-set series (following the landmark 1993 version and the “sequels” More Tales of the City and Further Tales of the City) finds Mary Ann — in full-tilt midlife crisis mode — returning home to their daughter (Page) and ex-husband Brian in San Francisco, 20 years after leaving them behind to pursue their career.
“I couldn't be more excited about this new brand-new incarnation of Tales,” said Maupin in a statement. “It's set in present-day San Francisco with all the joys and complications that might suggest for the residents of 28 Barbary Lane. Mrs. Madrigal's tenants, both old and new, will be entangled in delicious new adventures and ever-expanding possibilities for love.”
Armistead Maupin's Tales of the City is expected to go into production later this year ahead of a 2019 launch. Scroll down for a first look at a page from the premiere script.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ping An Bank Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT GETS BANKING REGULATOR'S APPROVAL TO APPOINT XIANG YOUZHI AS CFO Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E4dbfB Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
RELATED: Second half comeback wins it for Owls, prep girls basketball, Hancock athletics
Hancock led by as many points as five, but never trailed in the second half. A late run led by guard Kassandra Algarate gave the Owls the 10-point win.
Going into the half, the Owls held a slim two-point advantage, then proceeded to control the pace of the game over the final 18 minutes.
Allison Bulthuis scored 21 of the Bluejays' 38 points as a three-game winning streak came to an end.
With the win, the Owls won their third consecutive game. They will look to extend the streak to four games when they tip off at Hillcrest Lutheran Academy at 7:15 p.m. Tuesday night in Hancock.
Hancock 48, CMCS 38
Hancock (11-7)................23 25 — 48
CMCS (11-8).....................21 17 — 38
HANCOCK - Scoring: Sabrina Mattson 17, Ashlyn Mattson 3, Haley Mattson 6, Katelynn Jepma 2, Kassandra Algarate 15, Tess Steiner 5… 3-point shots: Algarate 1, A. Mattson 1… Rebound Leader: S. Mattson 6, A. Mattson 6… Assist Leader: S. Mattson 3, A. Mattson 3… Steal Leader: Algarate 4
CENTRAL MINNESOTA CHRISTIAN SCHOOL - Scoring: Ashley Roelofs 2, Kalley Schwitters 6, Allison Bulthuis 21, Ellie Greenwaldt 5, Tori Orred 4 ... 3-point shots: none ... Rebound leader: Orred 9 ... Assist leader: Hannah Nelson 1, Bulthuis 1, Orred 1 ... Steal leader: Schwitters 4
School is out for the summer in Canada and that means children and youth have more time to go online and perhaps a greater risk of being bullied on social media. The Canadian Red Cross offers several programs to help them and their parents prevent and deal with cyberbullying.
It's estimated that between 20 and 40 per cent of children and youth in Canada have experienced online bullying. And the effects can be severe and long-lasting.
Bullying can affect physical and mental health
“We can see physical manifestations…(like)…things like stomach aches or headaches that seem to come out of nowhere,” says Alison Richard, senior advisor on education at the Canadian Red Cross. “Youth who are being targeted by bullying tend to withdraw. So, they may no longer be engaged with their peers or they may not be interested in activities that used to bring them joy.
“We see mental health impacts like depression, anxiety. So, some really serious things and they can also follow youth into adulthood, so, can have long-lasting impacts as well.”
Children and youth may not tell
Youth sometimes don't tell parents about cyberbullying out of fear they may overreact and restrict access to the internet. So, Richard says it's important for parents to be calm and to start having conversations early about healthy relationships in real life and online, and to discuss what to do if they become abusive.
Red Cross courses advise those who are bullied online to stop engaging with the bully, block them, tell parents or others and save screen shots of the abuse. Incidents can be reported to apps or to internet providers. In extreme cases, the bullying can be reported to police.
Self-esteem may be hurt
Parents can get additional support for their children if they think they need it. Richard emphasizes that parents should remind them the bullying is not their fault and help bolster their self-esteem.
Parents also can take steps to ensure their own children are not perpetrators. Richard says they should help children understand the impacts of what they say online, and ask them to put themselves in the place of those receiving hurtful comments they may post.
There are teachable moments that come up when cyberbullying comes up in news stories or in movies and series. And teens can be reminded there may be legal consequences of online abuse.
Discuss early and often, advises Richard
The Canadian Red Cross courses and tools to help prevent and deal with bullying are offered for free.
“We think it's really, really important,” says Richard. “If we look at the impacts, we know they're harmful across all kinds of different health factors—mental, physical, emotional health…We know that these effects can follow us into adulthood…
“It's really important that we have these conversations early and…often so that we're able to change these behaviours.”
A lawsuit filed by Ottawa's taxi union exactly one year after council approved a new vehicle-for-hire bylaw accuses the city of “slanting the playing field against taxicab drivers.”
“The city demonstrated a closed mind and an unwillingness to properly notify, consult and consider in an even-handed, good-faith manner, the direct consequences, and in particular, the commercial effect of its proposed changes to the taxi scheme in the City of Ottawa,” the lawsuit alleges.
The dual-licensing bylaw, which council passed on April 13, 2016, blew open the traditional taxi market to competition. Uber was operating illegally at the time, but the international ride-ordering company received a municipal “private transportation company” licence last October after the new regulatory scheme took effect Sept. 30.
The taxi union filed the lawsuit last Thursday, claiming the city's new rules have put cabbies at a commercial disadvantage. The allegations have not been tested in court.
Taxi union president Pierre Nakhle and vice-president Nega Haile, who both own and operate cabs, have filed the legal challenge on behalf all members of the union, Unifor Local 1688.
The lawsuit points to the city's data showing that, as of February, there were 3,000 Uber drivers in Ottawa and that the company provided 1.4 million rides since it became street legal last fall. The lawsuit claims at least 80 per cent of those rides represent fares taken from cabbies.
There are 1,192 taxis in Ottawa. City hall controls the number of taxi licences, but the licensing requirements for taxis and private transportation companies are different.
Cabbies each need to buy municipal permits and adhere to service standards, and if they don't comply, their permits could be pulled by the city, the lawsuit says.
“Taxicab drivers have accepted the city's restrictions on their freedom and ability to seek efficiencies and to innovate in exchange for the assurance of a limit on the number of taxi plates,” the lawsuit says, citing the six-figure values of taxi plates on the open market under the old regulatory system.
While the city largely left the longtime taxi regulations intact, it “unfairly and unreasonably discriminated” against cabbies by not requiring private transportation companies to play by the exact same rules, the lawsuit says.
Citing provisions in the Ontario Municipal Act, the lawsuit alleges council unfairly exempted private transportation drivers from licensing fees and other costs borne by cabbies.
“The city acted in bad faith in the sense of being less frank and transparent about its plans,” the lawsuit alleges, claiming that cabbies were promised a “level playing field.”
“However, the exact opposite resulted from the city's taxi review,” the lawsuit alleges. “Taxicab drivers were misled.”
The lawsuit also complains about the “inadequate” length of the public comment period after staff published the recommended rule changes.
The union isn't asking the court for monetary compensation, other than for the costs of the legal action itself.
City spokespeople weren't available for comment on Monday, which was a statutory holiday for city workers.
It's the second lawsuit related to the city's vehicle-for-hire bylaw.
A proposed class-action lawsuit led by Marc Andre Way, co-owner of Metro Taxi, is claiming $215 million in damages against the city. In turn, the city defended its decision to change the regulatory system and accused the taxi industry of being slow to compete with competitors like Uber.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
* Rahul Gandhi takes over from their mother, Sonia Gandhi
* Elevation comes ahead of key state polls
* Prepares to challenge dominance of Prime Minister Modi (Adds details of decision, quotes; paragraphs 3-13)
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - India's main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019.
In a long-awaited move, Gandhi, the great-grandson of India's founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party. They will take the reins from their mother Sonia, the party's longest-serving president, since 1998.
"The entire Indian National Congress family would like to convey our best wishes to incoming President Rahul Gandhi, and wish them a successful tenure as they continue to lead from the front," the party said on its official Twitter handle.
Television broadcast images of party supporters celebrating the news outside Congress offices in the capital, New Delhi, and the financial hub of Mumbai.
Ever since Congress was defeated heavily in the 2014 national election by Modi's party, Gandhi has struggled to convince voters, as well as many within their party, of their leadership skills.
But Gandhi was now geared up for the next challenge, senior Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Monday.
"The entire country has lots of expectations from Rahul Gandhi," Azad told reporters. "Much before they were elected they have shown their mettle. They know their responsibility."
Modi's depiction of the 47-year-old as an undeserving "prince" has helped sideline Gandhi since the last national election, during which time Congress has suffered some of its worst results in local elections.
The news coincides with state polls in Modi's western home state of Gujarat that are shaping as a test for the prime minister, who has been facing criticism for slowing economic growth and poor implementation of a nationwide sales tax.
The Congress hopes a round of state elections offers the party, and Gandhi, a shot at revival ahead of the next national elections, due in 2019.
Still, Modi remains immensely popular.
Nearly nine of 10 Indians have a favourable opinion of them and more than two-thirds are satisfied with the direction in which they are taking the country, a Pew survey found in November.
Modi's favourable rating was 30 points more than Gandhi's, the poll showed. (Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Nidhi Verma; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
The Lions' questionable defensive line took a big hit on Sunday.
Kerry Hyder was carted off the field in the team's preseason opener versus the Colts with what Jim Caldwell termed “a significant Achilles injury.”
Asked if Hyder ruptured their achilles, Caldwell said, “That's the initial impression.”
Hyder, 26, led the Lions last season with eight sacks. The team had just 26 overall, tied for the second fewest in the league.
With Hyder down, Detroit is now without its two starting defensive ends. Ziggy Ansah has spent the duration of training camp on the physically unable to perform list and is without a timetable for a return.
“It doesn't look good,” Caldwell said of Hyder, via the Free Press. “He worked so hard and it's tough anytime any guy gets injured. They put a lot of time into getting ready for the season and this kind of things, so it's a difficult thing.”
Meanwhile, free-agent acquisition Cornelius Washington missed Sunday's game with an ankle injury and Brandon Copeland left with a shoulder injury. Armonty Bryant, who had four sacks last year in limited action, is suspended for the first four games of the season.
Rookie Jeremiah Valoaga took Hyder's place at left end. Alex Barrett and Anthony Zettel filled in for Ansah at right end. The former two both registered sacks, but, as undrafted rookies, they're largely unknowns.
Said Caldwell, “I know they functioned pretty well today. They made some plays. But this is a long season and big test. It's just one game. In this league, you can have a decent week one week and then the next week you're terrible. So we just got to keep working. But they have promise and they did some good things today.”
The Octavia has been the king of practicality in its segment since Skoda dusted off the name back in 1996 with the first generation of the modern Octavia. With each new model, its footprint increased, making it roomier than models from a segment above to attract more and more budget-conscious customers looking for a no-frills family car. This winning recipe has made the Octavia one of the most popular cars in Europe, prompting many people to switch from MQB platform-sharing models such as the Volkswagen Golf and the SEAT Leon to the Octavia.
But then something happened at the end of 2016 when the current third-gen model was given a hugely controversial mid-cycle facelift. The implementation of split headlights (it's still a one-piece cluster, though) caused quite a stir among people that usually shop in this segment. Even though most Octavia customers don't really care a great deal about exterior design, Skoda is aware the E-Class W212-esque odd layout of the headlights might have put off people from buying the company's best-selling car.
That being said, the most recent sales numbers provided by Skoda tell a different story as in May deliveries rose by 6.2 percent compared to the same month of 2017, reaching 35,000 units. Perhaps in the back of Skoda's mind, the manufacturer from Mladá Boleslav thinks the Octavia facelift would've generated even higher numbers if it had normal headlights.
The good news is a new report indicates the fourth generation (fifth if you're including the original 1959 model) will revert to traditional headlights. France's Automobile Magazine says the Octavia IV will feature normal lights that will extend towards the center of the front fascia to meet a thick piece of chrome trim surrounding the grille.
It will ride on an evolution of the VW Group's MQB platform and it should weigh a little bit less than today's model. Engines will include an upgraded 1.5 TSI with up to 200 horsepower and a new 1.5-liter diesel to replace the existing 1.6 TDI. The Octavia RS will pack as much as 250 hp, presumably from a tweaked 2.0 TSI. The report goes on to mention about the adoption of a mild hybrid architecture and we won't be too surprised if there will be a plug-in hybrid variant later in the life cycle.
While the MQB compact siblings Audi A3, VW Golf, and SEAT Leon are all due in 2019, the Octavia expected to land in 2020.
Source: Automobile Magazine
In celebration of Canada's 150th birthday, the Citizen is rolling out one fact each day for 150 days until July 1, highlighting the odd, the fascinating and the important bits of Ottawa history you might not know about.
It's clear Ottawans consider the iconic Château Laurier to be our very own palace. Constructed by the Grand Trunk Railway as a fanciful take on a medieval French château at a cost of $2 million – when inflation means those dollars would now buy goods worth $42 million, according to the Bank of Canada – it was a world-class cousin of the Canadian Pacific Railway's Château Frontenac in Quebec City and the Empress Hotel in Victoria.
— Megan Gillis
Women who are obese and who have been metabolically healthy for decades are still at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease compared to metabolically healthy women of normal weight, according to an observational study that followed over 90000 American women for up to 30 years, published in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology journal.
The findings indicate that obesity is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, regardless of whether or not women develop any of the common metabolic diseases such as high blood pressure or type 2 diabetes.
The study also found that the majority of metabolically healthy women are likely to become metabolically unhealthy over time, even if they were normal weight.
"Our large cohort study confirms that metabolically healthy obesity is not a harmless condition, and even women who remain free of metabolic diseases for decades face an increased risk of cardiovascular events," explains Professor Matthias Schulze from the German Institute of Human Nutrition Potsdam-Rehbruecke, Nuthetal, Germany, who led the research. [1]
"What's more, we observed that most healthy women are likely to develop type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, or high cholesterol over time, irrespective of their BMI, putting them at much higher risk for cardiovascular disease." [1]
Obesity (BMI of more than 30kg/m²) affects almost all of the cardiovascular disease risk factors, particularly those related to metabolic syndrome including high blood pressure, poor blood sugar control or diabetes, and abnormal blood fats, which double the risk of cardiovascular disease such as heart attacks and stroke. However, some people with obesity seem to be free of these metabolic abnormalities - estimates suggest as many as a third of obese people might be metabolically healthy.
Whether this so called 'metabolically health obesity' is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease has been hotly debated for many years. It remains unclear how changes or maintenance of metabolic status affect the development of cardiovascular disease in both normal weight and overweight/obese individuals.
To investigate this further, Schulze and colleagues examined the association between obesity and cardiovascular disease incidence in 90257 women (initially free from cardiovascular disease) from the Nurses' Health Study - a study tracking the health of female nurses (aged 30-55 years) in the USA since 1976.
Participants were divided into groups by BMI category, metabolic health (defined as the absence of three metabolic risk factors - type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and high blood cholesterol), and change in metabolic health status, and followed for 30 years between 1980 and 2010. Participants were sent questionnaires every two years to update their BMI and metabolic health status, as well as to assess their lifestyle, health behaviour, and medical history.
The researchers adjusted for a range of factors that may have influenced the results including age, diet, smoking status, physical activity, alcohol consumption, ethnicity or race, the highest education level, menopausal status, aspirin use, and family history of heart attack or diabetes.
During an average follow-up of 24 years, 6306 new cases of cardiovascular disease, including 3304 heart attacks and 3080 strokes were recorded.
Cardiovascular disease risk was especially high in all metabolically unhealthy women, regardless of their BMI. Metabolically unhealthy normal weight women were around 2.5 times more likely to develop cardiovascular disease compared to normal weight women with no metabolic abnormalities, whilst those with 'metabolically healthy obesity' were also at higher risk of cardiovascular disease (39% higher risk) [2].
Importantly, the majority of women who were initially metabolically healthy obese (84%), and around two-thirds (68%) of normal weight metabolically healthy women, converted to unhealthy phenotypes over 20 years.
Furthermore, even women who maintained metabolically healthy obesity over 20 years still had a 57% higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease compared with normal weight metabolically healthy women [3].
"Long-term maintenance of metabolic health is a challenge for overweight/obese, but also for normal-weight women," says Professor Schulze. "Our findings highlight the importance of preventing the development of metabolic diseases, and suggest that even individuals in good metabolic health may benefit from early behavioural management to improve their diet and increase physical activity in order to guard against progression to poor metabolic health." [1]
The authors acknowledge that their findings show observational associations rather than cause and effect. They note some limitations, including that the study included mainly women of European descent, so the findings cannot be generalised to other ethnic groups and men; and that their definition of metabolic health (the absence of three metabolic diseases), may identify a different subgroup than in other studies. However, key strengths include the large cohort, repeated measurements, and long follow-up time.
Writing in a linked Comment, Professor Carl Lavie from the University of Queensland School of Medicine, New Orleans, USA and colleagues discuss whether fitness is more important than fatness, pointing out that, "Those with metabolically healthy obesity and decent levels of cardiorespiratory fitness have a quite good overall prognosis from cardiovascular disease and overall survival."
They add: "Drastic efforts are needed to prevent obesity in the first place and, especially, to prevent conversion to more severe degrees of obesity and the metabolic syndrome. Public health policies aiming to increase cardiorespiratory fitness through physical activity and exercise will further contribute to improve people's health. It is prudent to remind ourselves that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure."
###
NOTES TO EDITORS
This study was funded by the US National Institutes of Health, and German Federal Ministry of Education and Research. It was conducted by researchers from German Institute of Human Nutrition Potsdam-Rehbruecke, German Center for Diabetes Research (DZD), University of Potsdam, Harvard T H Chan School of Public Health, Helmholtz Center München at the University of Tübingen, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School.
[1] Quotes direct from authors and cannot be found in text of Article.
[2] From table 2 - in normal weight women who were metabolically healthy, there were 534 cases of cardiovascular disease during 566689 person-years, equivalent to approximately 0.9 cases in every 1000 person-years.
In normal weight women who were metabolically unhealthy, there were 2036 cases of cardiovascular disease during 490116 person-years, equivalent to approximately 4.2 cases in every 1000 person-years.
In obese women who were metabolically healthy, there were 132 cases of cardiovascular disease during 94562 person-years, equivalent to approximately 1.4 cases in every 1000 person-years.
Note, person-years reflect the total time spent by all individuals in the cohort or a subgroup at risk of developing cardiovascular disease during the study period. For example, 1000 person-years would accumulate if 1000 people were at risk over 1 year of follow-up, or if 100 people were at risk over 10 years.
[3] From table 7 - in normal weight women who remained metabolically healthy over the 20 years, there were 256 cases of cardiovascular disease during 219963 person-years, equivalent to approximately 1.2 cases in every 1000 person-years.
In obese women who remained metabolically healthy over the 20 years, there were 24 cases of cardiovascular disease during 10741 person-years, equivalent to approximately 2.2 cases in every 1000 person-years.
For interviews with article author, Professor Matthias Schulze, German Institute of Human Nutrition Potsdam-Rehbruecke, Nuthetal, Germany, please contact: E) mschulze@dife.de T) +49 33200 882434
For interviews with comment please contact Professor Carl Lavie, The John Ochsner Heart and Vascular Institute, University of Queensland School of Medicine, New Orleans, USA E) clavie@oschsner.org T) +1 504 842 1281 (secretary)
For embargoed access to the Article and Comment, please see: http://www. thelancet-press. com/ embargo/ healthyobesity. pdf
For embargoed access to the Appendix, please see: http://www. thelancet-press. com/ embargo/ healthyobesityAPPX. pdf
NOTE: THE ABOVE LINK IS FOR JOURNALISTS ONLY; IF YOU WISH TO PROVIDE A LINK FOR YOUR READERS, PLEASE USE THE FOLLOWING, WHICH WILL GO LIVE AT THE TIME THE EMBARGO LIFTS: http://www.thelancet.com/journals/landia/article/PIIS2213-8587(18)30137-2/fulltext
On sale for a little over three years, the GLA is about to receive a minor mid-cycle update to remain fresh and competitive in the challenging luxury crossover segment. As it was the case with the A-Class, CLA, and CLA Shooting Brake facelifts, the cosmetic tweaks will be kept down to a minimum as Mercedes' designers will only fiddle with the bumpers by giving them a light cosmetic surgery. Slightly different graphics for the headlights and taillights are also in tow, but nothing to write home about.
It's the same story with the interior cabin, albeit the company with the three-pointed star logo might decide to spice things up by introducing new trims and colors to give buyers more customization options. An update for the infotainment is also on the to-do list, while the Dynamic Select system with adaptive dampers is believed to become standard across the GLA range, with the exception of the entry-level variant.
At the other end of the spectrum, the range-topping GLA 45 is expected to solider on with 375 horsepower (280 kilowatts) and 350 pound-feet (475 Newton-meters) of torque coming from a turbocharged 2.0-liter gasoline engine shared with the other AMG models of the A-Class family. Power will be channeled to the 4Matic all-wheel-drive system through a seven-speed, dual-clutch gearbox enabling the high-performance crossover to run the 0-60 mph (0-96 kph) sprint in a swift 4.3 seconds en route to an electronically governed 155 mph (250 kph).
The Mercedes GLA facelift will be introduced in a week from today in Detroit at the North American International Auto Show. Sales should begin shortly thereafter.
As a reminder, a roadmap published in July last year revealed plans for a GLA Coupe for 2017, but that's no longer the case as it has been updated since then and now the GLA facelift takes its place. There is however a rumor about a GLA Coupe slated to arrive in 2019 based on the crossover's next generation, but it's way too early to say whether it will actually happen.
Source: Mercedes
Every once in a while, a movie comes along that is so resoundingly terrible that it achieves perfection. It doesn't just have a lame twist, awful acting, or some kind of cheesy technology. It has everything. And that's exactly the vibe you'll get from Replicas, the astoundingly ridiculous new movie starring Keanu Reeves and the robot from I, Robot.
So here's the plot of Replicas, insofar as one can call it a plot. Reeves is a neuroscientist who has a heads-up display that allows them to teleport (???) their dead wife and children's minds into other bodies (???) or maybe robots (???) or maybe clone them (???). Any movie that earns 12 question marks based on the trailer alone is already destined for cult-classic status.
There are robots that look just like the CGI from I, Robot, which is convenient. Also there is some kind of technology that plunges a needle into your eye, because as I said, this movie has everything. Reeves' lab partner is played by Thomas Middleditch (Silicon Valley), which made me think that at any moment, a crazy VC was going to show up and try to invest in something. A social media platform that stabs your eyes preemptively before you start posting? Sounds great! [Bong hit.]
Replicas' "so bad it's good" bona fides are impeccable. It was directed by Jeffrey Nachmann, who wrote ridiculous fakey-pants climate change movie The Day After Tomorrow (in which Jake Gyllenhaal is chased by "cold" down a hallway). It was written by relative newcomer Chad St. John, whose only other feature credit is a goofy Gerard Butler flick called London Has Fallen, which is about how ONE MAN can prevent EVERY WORLD LEADER from being killed. Plus, as I mentioned earlier, it stars Keanu Reeves. I love me some Keanu, but the guy pretty much specializes in cheesy action flicks.
Even if this movie turns out to be merely bad rather than sublimely horrible, we will always have this trailer. It's the best example I've ever seen of a movie that combines every sci-fi cliché into one intoxicating suicide soda of a plot. Can't wait to watch this one.
Anyone who has ever left the house without remembering to charge their cellphone can appreciate the concept of wireless power transfer. All you would have to do is remember to drop your phone on your desk, and a wireless charging mat would ensure that it has a full battery by the time you pick it up again.
But current wireless charger systems require specialized hardware on both the sending and receiving ends, and power only flows efficiently when the two are a specific (and short) distance apart. It's possible to expand that distance a bit by carefully adjusting the frequency used to induce current at a distance, but this adds to the complexity and energy overhead of the system. And even the best current systems have losses that mean wasted electricity at a time when energy efficiency is critical.
Now, researchers at Stanford have found a different way to handle wireless charging. Taking advantage of a quantum principle that also applies to the everyday world, they've created a system in which power is transferred over a wider distance with roughly 100-percent efficiency. Better still, the system adjusts itself to the distance, so careful frequency tuning becomes unnecessary. The big downside, however, is that the supporting electronics aren't especially efficient.
Time reversal what?
Current wireless charging systems work on the principle of magnetic induction, in which a resonator and a receiver are coupled through magnetic fields. Transferring power efficiently involves sensing the distance and orientation between the two before adjusting the frequency at which you activate the resonator. This can get you efficient energy transfer out to distances of over 50 centimeters, though the efficiency isn't usually more than 95 percent. Plus it requires the overhead of the circuitry involved in sensing distance and adjusting the resonator.
While very similar looking in structure, the new system works through completely different principles. These principles were originally developed to describe the quantum world: Charge, Parity, and Time Reversal symmetry, or CPT symmetry. In this case, the focus is on parity-time symmetry. As Ars' Chris Lee put it, this symmetry means that quantum systems are indistinguishable if they're moving up and forward in time or moving down and backward in time.
This has actually turned out to work in non-quantum systems as well. If you set up two systems that are mirror images of each other, they start to behave as if they were a single system. While this has mostly been done with optical systems, the Stanford team decided to try it with wireless power.
To make a wireless system that's a mirror image, it's easiest to think about what's on the receiving end: a receiving coil linked to a device that drains off current to use for charging. To make a mirror image, the researchers used an emitting coil and linked it to an amplifier that adds current to the system. Simulations suggested that the combination would be parity-time symmetric. As a result, the two coils would act as a single system, with the energy pumped into the transmitter being evenly shared between the two.
Better yet, the calculations suggested that there would be no need to tune the frequency at which the energy is transferred. As the system approaches a steady state, the frequency that requires the least amplification would naturally grab most of the power and prevent any of the other frequencies from grabbing enough to operate. Even as the orientation and distance change, the system would continue to find the lowest amplification that worked.
The amount of power transferred can be described by an equation that's safe to describe as mind-numbingly complex. Within that equation, however, distance and orientation both feed into the equation in a way that indicates they have a minimal impact on the result. This should mean that the charging system isn't that picky about distance and orientation.
From theory to practice
To see whether any of these calculations matter in the real world, the team built a test system that can only be described as delightfully low tech. The coils for the transmitter and receiver were made from strips of copper wrapped around a short cylinder with a diameter similar to that of a large pizza. The two were mounted on a stick that kept them facing each other, but it allowed the receiver to slide different distances away from the transmitter.
The researchers were able to show that the behavior of the system matched that of the theoretical calculations with a precision that can only be described as eerie. This included a distance (roughly 75cm) for which the system transferred power with full efficiency, followed by a gradual decay before power stopped at about a meter away. They also demonstrated this visually using an LED, as shown in the video below.
Critically, their experiments showed the transition between frequencies happening in the middle of the slide, without any interruption in power transfer. So, the device really is showing off some of the advantages of taking this approach to wireless power.
That's the good stuff. There is some notable bad stuff, and it goes well beyond the issues of needing a pizza-sized device just to charge a phone (presumably, this can be miniaturized). One drawback is that the authors only show this device powering a rather feeble LED, but they are promoting it as a way to charge electric vehicles—as they are moving. Demonstrating that their method can scale would seem to be essential. In addition, although the orientation and distance are supposed to have a minor effect on efficiency, the researchers only tested distance. Being able to charge without precisely aligning everything is a large usability feature and definitely would be required for sending juice to moving vehicles. So that's something else that has to be tested.
Then there's the issue of system efficiency. While the efficiency of the transfer of power may "remain near unity," as the authors put it, the whole system was decidedly less efficient. That primarily comes down to the amplifier, which turned out to have a power efficiency of only 10 percent. Amplifiers exist that could work in this system with efficiencies above 90 percent, but that still means a significant loss of electricity. And, given our energy and climate needs, it's not clear whether these sorts of losses are things we should feel comfortable with.
Nature, 2017. DOI: 10.1038/nature22404 (About DOIs).
April 6 Homeloans Ltd
* Appointed Chum Darvall as deputy chairperson to take effect 5 April 2017
* Chum previously was non-executive vice chairperson of Deutsche Bank and prior to that Chief Executive Officer Of Deutsche Bank Australia And New Zealand Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Might as Well Jump: Test-Riding Electrical-Assist Dockless Bikes
As city officials consider whether and how to let dockless bike-share operators set up shop Chicago, residents are already getting a chance to experience this new technology thanks to the new mobility justice group Equiticity's efforts to set up “bike libraries” on the South and West sides.
The group, started last month by Slow Roll Chicago cofounder Oboi Reed, is partnering on the project with We Keep You Rollin' a bike group in the Riverdale community area (which includes Altgeld Gardens, Golden Gate and other enclaves), and several community groups in North Lawndale. The Beijing-based dockless bike-share company Ofo has promised to donate at least 100 cycles, possibly as many as 300, for the Riverdale library, and Jump Mobility, an electrical-assist dockless bike purveyor from San Francisco, has pledged 100 cycles for the North Lawndale library. Both libraries are slated to officially launch in early April.
Ofo recently delivered 14 bikes to We Keep You Rollin' and Reed is managing a fleet of five Jump cycles. The bikes are currently available as short-term loaners for anybody who's interested in trying them out, with a focus on stakeholders in Riverdale and North Lawndale, which are both low-to-moderate-income (LMI) African-American communities. Unlike dockless bikes that are left locked out on the public way so that anyone who downloads an app can rent them, this informal, free loaner system doesn't seem to require city permits.
I caught up with Reed last weekend at Akhira's Praline Candy & Coffee House, 1845 South State (try the beignets!) to discuss the bike library project and to test ride one of the Jump bikes myself. The shiny, red bikes with full baskets attracted plenty of attention, and a few people at the café even took them for a spin. Reed proved themselves to be an enthusiastic advocate for dockless bike (DoBi) technology, arguing that “the future of mobility is smart, GPS-enabled, dockless bikes, including electrical-assist bikes.”
“We know that car culture is not sustainable in terms of health the environment, and the way we utilize space,” Reed added. “Bikes are part of our toolkit to improve cities, especially for those who are the most marginalized: LMI people of color. In neighborhoods where there is no bike culture, where there are worries that bike infrastructure is a precursor to gentrification, or where violence – interpersonal, police, vehicular – makes people not want to ride, we should be doing everything possible to get people to ride.”
Reed argued that DoBi cycles are particularly well-suited to be a gateway to biking in African-American and Latino communities. “The yellow Ofo bikes are some nice looking bikes, and the these bright red Jump bikes are beautiful,” they said. “People in our neighborhoods, we want a nice-looking bike and we want to look fly, we want to look fresh when we're riding though the neighborhood. You get on a bike like that and everybody's watching and looking – that's the experience we want to bring. We want to provide a cultural experience that connects with people's identities and their sense of style and rhythm.”
While the service area for Divvy, Chicago's popular traditional bike-share system, covers more than half of the city's area, stations are spaced father apart in neighborhoods with a lower density of fewer people and destinations, which makes the system less convenient to use. Moreover, more than four years after the network launched, many outlying communities, including several Black and Brown neighborhoods, still don't have stations, and federal funding for expanding the system may be hard to come by under the current administration.
Reed says DoBi, which is typically funded by venture capital, can be a solution to that problem. “With dockless bikes we're not limited to stations and we're not limited by when the city and Divvy want to make an investment in our neighborhoods. We don't have to wait — companies are willing to bring the bikes today.”
Reed thinks electrical-assist bikes like Jump's can be especially beneficial to build interest in cycling in communities of color. “Electrical-assist is a cool new feature that's a way to engage people,” they said. “It's like the way people people are always clamoring to get the new iPhone – it's those new features that get people excited.”
They add that African-American and Latino communities are disproportionately impacted by diabetes, heart disease, and some forms of cancer, so new opportunities for physical activity can be especially beneficial for these neighborhoods. However, some residents may not feel that they're fit enough to ride a bike. “If people who aren't in the physical condition to ride a regular bike, or don't believe they are, are willing to try an electrical-assist because it's a little easier, I want to get them on that bike. I also want to work with them to transition to bikes that provide more physical activity, but I see this as a nice starting point.”
Reed added that electrical-assist bikes can be particularly useful on the South and West sides. Density is lower in these areas due to the presence of industrial areas, and the legacy of disinvestment in communities of color means that job commutes are longer, and food and retail deserts are a major issue. “If an electrical-assist bike reduces the amount of time to get to work from 40 minutes to 30, that's going to make biking a more practical option,” they said. “Electrical-assist bikes are a gateway to cycling that I want to introduce.”
I was an e-bike skeptic myself, until my 81-year-old father recently added an electrical-assist motor to their bicycle, which gave their daily cycling habit a second wind. No longer discouraged by the hills in our hometown, he's probably putting in more miles and getting more physical activity than they have in years.
And I'll admit that when I borrowed a Jump bike from Reed, the extra speed that comes from the electrical assist was a thrilling experience. It felt kind of like riding on a motor scooter, but with fewer carbon emissions. On a Jump cycles, each pedal stroke is rewarded with a burst of juice, which made it easy to maintain a cruising speed over 15 mph, compared to my usual 10 mph standard.
It's also worth noting that these bikes are the only DoBi cycles I've heard about with a built-in U-lock that allows you to secure the vehicle to a fixed object, like a bike rack. That helps address issues of street clutter, theft, and vandalism associated with dockless brands that only include wheel locks for “free-locking” the bike to itself.
Still, I'm probably more of an acoustic bicycle kind of guy. I felt a little guilty as I pulled up on Divvy riders with my electrical advantage, so I made a point of not passing them. I also felt like I was getting about half the exercise of riding a standard bike.
If you borrow a Jump bike from Reed this winter, be sure to dress warm – less pedaling means less body heat, and the high speeds generate extra wind chill. On the other hand, less sweat and a cool breeze would be welcome during a sweltering Chicago summer.
And despite my personal preference to do all the pedaling work myself, I agree with Reed that dockless e-bikes are a great strategy for getting new people excited about cycling. In addition, having residents test ride the Ofo and Jump bikes on city streets will give us a better idea if DoBi is a good fit for Chicago.
Comet are to be the one of the first retailers in the UK to stock what's being called Europe's thinnest television.
The "next generation" in LCD technology from Hitachi offers an "ultra-thin" LCD flatscreen with a super-slim 35mm profile (minus the bezel) that is around one-third the depth of a conventional flatscreen.
As well as being thin, the Hitachi ultra-thin is ultra-light, weighing in at 10.9 kilos.
Head of brown goods at Comet, Bill Moir comments: "TV's just keep getting thinner and customers have fully embraced the change from the big black boxes of yesteryear - 95% of all the TVs we now sell are flatscreen".
"We expect this new technology to fly off the shelves as
people clamour to get their hands on this ground-breaking new bit of kit."
The 1080 HD 32-inch model (UT32MH70) will go on sale in-store and online in May for £1299.99.
DETROIT (WWJ) — While there appeared to be plenty of open seats during last night's Red Wings opener at Little Caesars Arena, Olympia Entertainment officials considered it a great night.
CEO and President of Olympia Entertainment Tom Wilson reflected on Thursday night's opener at the brand new Little Caesars Arena, considering it an “amazing” facility with virtually nothing of it not living up to expectation.
“It's such an amazing building and such a different building that I think you'd have to come five or six times, and even then you will not have experienced everything here,” Wilson said. “The memorabilia is great and you have to sort of just stand and look at that. Around every corner you sort of find something that you hadn't seen before or just stare and take it all in.”
For those watching at home, it was evident throughout the night that there were a number of empty seats in the lower bowl despite it being a close game. Wilson addressed that issue, and actually didn't consider it much of a worry for the organization.
Regarding empty seats at LCA, this was taken halfway thru 2nd period of a tie game. Concourse attractions > hockey, at least tonight. pic.twitter.com/A4T802gv59 — Will Burchfield (@burchie_kid) October 6, 2017
Wilson didn't consider this to be an issue because fans are simply still exploring the building. They said with so many options of food and entertainment offered it was understandable that there were empty seats, and expects that to change over time.
“It was really interesting because everyone was in their seats when we dropped the puck, and you just expect that's going to happen,” Wilson said. “Now, we do have clubs here and people sometimes go back into the clubs to have something to eat. Then they come out when the period starts, but boy people really disappeared last night, and during the second period they started coming back.”
Wilson added that it may take two or three visits to the new arena before people become more focused on the game and less about the facility.
Red Wings head coach Jeff Blashill also weighed in on the empty seats during the second period, pointing out that they thought concessions and the concourse played a role in that.
“I think the beginning of the 2nd period lots of people were checking out the concourse, so we have to work on that,” Blashill said.
The Red Wings beat the Minnesota Wild, 4-2, in last night's season opener. The Red Wings won't return home to Little Caesars Arena until Oct. 16 against the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Displaced Libyans from the western city of Tawergha wait by their cars to enter the city, which lies about 250 kilometres east of the capital Tripoli, on Thursday, as armed groups from nearby Misrata set up roadblocks to prevent the return of hundreds of families from the town that supported Libyan leader Muammar Qadhafi in the country's 2011 revolution (AFP photo)
TRIPOLI — The United Nations expressed "grave concern" on Friday over the breakdown in a deal to allow thousands of displaced to return to a town that backed Libya's leader Muammar Qadhafi in its 2011 revolution.
"For too many people displacement becomes more protracted every day, as insecurity and fear of persecution are making it impossible for them to return to their homes," the UN special rapporteur on the human rights of Internally Displaced Persons, Cecilia Jimenez-Damary, told a news conference in Tripoli.
"Many efforts have been made for the planned return of the Tawergha people on February 1 after seven years of displacement," they said at the end of a visit to Libya.
"I'm alarmed by reported threats that have barred their return. When I spoke to families, many wanted to return, others were afraid," they said, expressing "grave concern over the protracted displacement facing many Libyans".
Armed groups on Thursday blocked thousands of displaced from returning to their homes in the town of Tawergha.
Libya's UN-backed unity government had announced that the displaced from Tawergha would return under an accord struck by its representatives and of Misrata in eastern Libya that runs the town.
But armed groups from Misrata set up roadblocks outside Tawergha to prevent the return of hundreds of families.
Misrata's local council urged the Government of National Accord (GNA) to intervene and delay the operation for security reasons.
The GNA, for its part, called in a statement for "reason and patriotism to prevail... to put an end to the suffering of the displaced and allow them to return home".
The 35,000 residents of Tawergha, a town which sided with Qadhafi's forces right up to their fall, have for the past seven years been kept in camps on the outskirts of Tripoli or scattered across the country.
Living in wretched conditions, they are the frequent target of attacks by militiamen, especially from Misrata, 200 kilometres from the capital.
Police are looking for a man who caused significant delays to the Metro after trespassing on the tracks in North Tyneside.
At approximately 11am on Saturday, July 29, police received a report that a man had trespassed on the tracks at Monkseaton Metro Station. Police attended the scene but the man had left the area.
CCTV footage shows the incident and police are now circulating their image. If anyone recognises the man or knows of their whereabouts, they are asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101 and quote reference number 452 29/07/17.
ROB MAADDI, AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Carson Wentz threw a touchdown pass a few plays after suffering an injury that could ruin a special season for the Philadelphia Eagles, and then stuck around to greet teammates and celebrate a division-clinching victory with them.
It's always team-first for No. 11.
Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore their left anterior cruciate ligament in a 43-35 comeback win over the Rams on Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
After the game, Wentz's left knee was wrapped in a brace. They were driven in a cart up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and then hobbled to one of the team buses.
“I don't know anything until we evaluate them (Monday),” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said.
Wentz wrote on Twitter: “NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to them and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6”
Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a win that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
“Everyone is really excited about the win but you have your starting quarterback go down, it's emotional,” Foles said. “It's emotional for me. I work with them every day so I'm dealing with that.”
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special-teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
But they're not the franchise quarterback.
“It (stinks) more so for Carson as a person and a friend and a teammate and what they put into the game and their preparation,” safety Malcolm Jenkins said. “But as a team we have all our goals in front of us.”
Wentz is the latest NFL star to go down in a season in which several high-profile players have been sidelined. Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman and safety Kam Chancellor, Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt and quarterback Deshaun Watson, Giants receivers Odell Beckham Jr. and Brandon Marshall, Chiefs safety Eric Berry, Browns tackle Joe Thomas and Vikings running back Dalvin Cook and quarterback Sam Bradford each sustained season-ending injuries.
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards, 33 TDs and only seven interceptions.
Wentz again was spectacular against the Rams before they got hurt after getting hit hard as they scrambled into the end zone on a play that was called back because of holding. They stayed in the game and threw a 3-yard TD pass to Alshon Jeffery on fourth down four plays later, setting the franchise record for most TD passes in a season.
“It shows how tough they are,” Pederson said.
Foles replaced Wentz the next drive after the Rams took a 35-31 lead. They led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives. Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback.
Wentz arrived in Philadelphia as the No. 2 pick in the 2016 draft out of North Dakota State. On Sunday, they outperformed Rams quarterback Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in that draft.
Despite the injury, Wentz celebrated the victory over the Rams (9-4) with teammates.
“He's one of the leaders on the team. They were there congratulating and celebrating with everyone,” Foles said.
Foles, a third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, is in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
“I'm absolutely ready to go — need be,” Foles said. “I prepare every day.”
___
AP Sports Writer Bernie Wilson contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
La Jolla, Calif., Oct. 5, 2017 - Researchers at Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP) and UC San Diego have shown that tumors can ensure a more reliable nutrient supply by eliminating the p62 protein in surrounding stromal tissue. Specifically, p62 deficiency helps tumors and stroma (supportive tissue outside the tumor) survive and grow, despite being deprived of glutamine, an essential amino acid.
The study, published October 5 in Cell Metabolism, suggests that the p62 pathway in tumor stroma could be a potential anti-cancer target. "Cancer has traditionally been treated with chemotherapies that target oncogene addictions -- the oncogenic signals that tumors use to survive," says Maria Diaz-Meco, Ph.D., professor at SBP's NCI-designated Cancer Center and senior author of the paper. "We are looking at the non-oncogenic addictions, which are the function of non-mutated genes that also contribute to the survival of many cancers."
"For example, the stroma is not the cancer, but it's a major component that supports the tumor," explains Diaz-Meco. "We believe that targeting metabolism, not only in mutated tumor cells but also in the stroma, will be a way to find new therapies, regardless of the cancer's mutations."
Tumors must develop unique mechanisms to ensure adequate nutrient supplies. To do this, they rewire surrounding tissue, particularly cancer-associated fibroblasts in the stroma, which are hijacked to do the tumor's bidding. Essentially, the cancer remodels its nest.
"What happens when there's nutrient stress?" asks Diaz-Meco. "The cancer doesn't have supplies. In its more aggressive forms, nutrient accessibility inside the tumor becomes limited. The tumor eliminates p62 from the stroma to make the stroma more aggressive, more inflammatory and to be able to support the disease."
This is a common strategy in cancer, as p62 is often missing from stroma in breast, prostate, liver and other tumors.
Diaz-Meco, along with fellow authors Jorge Moscat, Ph.D., professor and deputy director of SBP's NCI-designation Cancer Center, and Christian Metallo, Ph.D., associate professor of bioengineering at UC San Diego, believe this stromal support could offer compelling ways to interfere with tumor supply lines. Because tumors are addicted to these mechanisms, it may be possible to target them without encountering significant resistance.
"This offers new strategies to take advantage of the tumor's vulnerabilities," says Diaz-Meco. "We hope that targeting non-oncogenic addictions will generate less resistance, because the stroma is more genetically stable and does not mutate as tumor cells do during aggressive therapies."
In the study, the team found that reducing p62 increased ATF4, an essential transcription factor protein that instructs cells to adapt to situations in which nutrients are at a premium in the tumor microenvironment. ATF4 levels only changed in stroma, remaining constant in epithelial cells, regardless of p62 levels.
Without ATF4, stromal cells in glutamine-free media stopped growing. Further exploration showed that p62 played a critical role in breaking down ATF4, accounting for the high levels in low-glutamine conditions.
Ultimately, losing p62, and gaining ATF4, activates a complex pathway that generates the amino acid asparagine, which allows stromal cells, and ultimately tumor cells, to survive and grow despite the nutrient-poor conditions. From a therapeutic angle, this forces the tumor to become reliant on this pathway, making ATF4 a potential vulnerability to be exploited to undermine cancer growth.
Up to this point, p62 has been viewed exclusively as a cancer promoter due to its role in the tumor epithelial cells. That it plays such a different role in stroma, underscores how complex these molecular relationships can be. The authors believe it's time to take a harder look at stroma and how it supports tumor progression.
"The role of the stroma is understudied," says Diaz-Meco, "There have been very few papers on how stromal metabolism affects tumor growth. We really need to understand more about this basic rewiring to develop more efficacious and less toxic therapeutic opportunities."
###
DOI: 10.1016/j.cmet.2017.09.001
About SBP
Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute (SBP) is an independent nonprofit medical research organization that conducts world-class, collaborative, biological research and translates its discoveries for the benefit of patients. SBP focuses its research on cancer, immunity, neurodegeneration, metabolic disorders and rare children's diseases. The Institute invests in talent, technology and partnerships to accelerate the translation of laboratory discoveries that will have the greatest impact on patients. Recognized for its world-class NCI-designated Cancer Center and the Conrad Prebys Center for Chemical Genomics, SBP employs about 1,100 scientists and staff in San Diego (La Jolla), Calif., and Orlando (Lake Nona), Fla. For more information, visit us at SBPdiscovery.org or on Facebook at facebook.com/SBPdiscovery and on Twitter @SBPdiscovery.
Ministers' wives attending the Southern Baptist Convention's (SBC) annual meeting in Dallas are invited to a trio of women's events, including a Ministers' Wives Luncheon, Pastors' Wives Conference, and a women's expo.
Authors and speakers, Lisa Harper of Nashville and Beth Moore of Houston, and pastor's wife Sherri Pomeroy of Sutherland Springs, Texas, will headline this year's events to be held in the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center on Level 2, Ballrooms A1-4.
BP file photo by Jeremy Scott
Women attending the 2017 Pastors' Wives Conference in Phoenix take advantage of the Pastors' Wives Expo. The 2018 expo in Dallas will offer resources to “expose, engage, enlighten and empower ministry wives.”
This year's theme for the women's events is “Restored,” based on Psalm 23:3, “He restores my soul; They guide me in the paths of righteousness For Their name's sake.”
Ministers' Wives Luncheon
The theme for this year's luncheon, to be held Tuesday, June 12, beginning at noon, represents “a timely heartfelt desire, as we recall the many disasters of 2017,” said Liz Luter, luncheon president, pointing to the many hurricanes, fires, flooding and violent shootings captured by the daily news.
Through studying Psalm 23:3, Luter learned it had to do with restoring a person's “countenance” and “posture.” Having served in areas affected by tornadoes and flooding, they were continually amazed at how they could see the countenance change on those who were helped.
It was extraordinary to “see how their heads were lifted,” said Luter, who is married to former SBC President Fred Luter, senior pastor of Franklin Avenue Baptist Church, New Orleans. The Luters experienced their own need for restoration after Hurricane Katrina devastated their church and hometown in 2005.
They acknowledged many pastors' wives serve as the hands and feet of Jesus “to lift the bowed-down heads.” The luncheon is meant to celebrate those “who were so instrumental in helping the bowed-down heads ... whose acts of love [helped] restore the hearts and dispositions of those who suffered great adversities this year,” they noted.
Harper, lisaharper.net, will keynote the annual luncheon. They have been lauded as a gifted communicator, whose writing and speaking overflow with colorful pop culture references that connect the dots between the Bible era and modern life. Them the latest book is The Sacrament of Happy and their new Bible study published through LifeWay is Job: An Unlikely Story of Joy. They describe their greatest accomplishment to date as getting to be mama to Missy, whom they adopted from Haiti in April 2014, after a difficult two-year journey.
Tickets for the luncheon, which is open to all wives of pastors, church staff members, chaplains, missionaries and denominational workers, are $15/person and can be purchased online at lifeway.com/en/events/ministers-wives-luncheon.
Participants also may nominate a minister's wife for the Willie Turner Dawson Award, which honors women who have served either as the wife of a minister or in ministry themselves and have made a distinct denominational contribution beyond their service in the local church. Nominate by email at sbcmwl@franklinabc.com by May 1.
Pastors' Wives Conference
Harper, Moore and Pomeroy will speak at the Pastors' Wives Conference on Monday, June 11, during the morning session of the Pastors' Conference from 8:45-11:45 a.m. This conference also will feature interviews and conversations with Beth Moore with their daughter, Amanda Moore Jones, and Pomeroy.
Moore founded Living Proof Ministries, lproof.org, in 1994 with the purpose of teaching women how to love and live on God's Word. They will speak on “The Long Walk of Faith in a Land of Thorns and Thistles,” a message about the challenges and blessings of ministry.
They have written numerous books and Bible studies that have been read by women of all ages, races and denominations. Through the years, American missionaries and expatriates have taken the Bible studies overseas, resulting in Beth Moore Bible study groups popping up all over the world. In addition to radio and television appearances, Moore's Living Proof Live conferences have taken them to all 50 states as well as many different countries, including Ireland, England, Singapore, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, India, Angola, Kenya and South Africa.
Pomeroy is wife of Pastor Frank Pomeroy of First Baptist Church Sutherland Springs, the site of one of the worst mass shootings in United States history when a gunman took the lives of 26 worshippers on Nov. 5, 2017. Another 20 church members were injured in the attack. Among those killed was Annabelle, the 14-year-old daughter of Pomeroy. Pomeroy will be interviewed by Donna Gaines, wife of SBC President Steve Gaines.
Jones, Moore's eldest daughter, is married to Curtis Jones, pastor of Bayou City Fellowship in Houston. The church launched in September 2011 and now has two campuses. Moore and Jones will be interviewed by Kathy Ferguson Litton, national consultant for ministry to pastor's wives for the North American Mission Board.
There is no cost for the Monday event and registration is not required. Women who serve in any facet of local church leadership, missions and denominational work are invited to attend.
Pastors' Wives Expo
In the lobby outside the ballroom, a pastors' wives expo will offer resources to “expose, engage, enlighten and empower ministry wives” through displays for new Bible studies, ministry support and evangelistic tools. There will be between 20-25 exhibitors focusing on ministries for women and to women.
Diane Nix, the expo organizer, said, “Our hope is that information gathered will not only be an encouragement for their journey but will inspire them as they go home to family and the women of their churches.” Persons interested in exhibiting should contact Nix at nixheart@me.com.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Shannon Baker is director of communications for the Baptist Convention of Maryland/Delaware and editor of the convention's BaptistLIFE quarterly magazine.)
THE Energy ministry has ordered the Zimbabwe Power Company (ZPC), a subsidiary of the Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority, to subcontract the US$200 million Gwanda Solar Project awarded to dodgy business person Wicknell Chivayo's Intratrek after the company failed to implement the controversial deal, the Zimbabwe Independent has established.
BY ELIAS MAMBO
Ironically, Intratrek was given an upfront payment of US$5 million before commencing work at the behest of Energy minister Samuel Undenge, despite failing to do any meaningful work on site.
In a letter to ZPC's managing director Noah Gwariro, dated July 18 2017, the permanent secretary in the Energy ministry, Patson Mbiriri, said the Gwanda solar project contract should be amended to allow ZPC to deal with subcontractors.
“The ministry notes with serious concern that activity at the Gwanda solar project site remains non-existent because the main contract has to be amended to allow ZPC to deal directly with subcontractors for purpose of finishing the outstanding preliminary works,” reads the letter.
“Given that ZPC and the main contractor are agreed on the compelling need to take such action and subcontractors stand to gain from same, you are hereby instructed to engage the subcontractors forthwith so that preliminary works resume whilst the main contract is being amended.”
The letter comes at a time when government has also requested that Chivayo revises downwards their initial charges which were pegged at US$200 million.
Finance minister Patrick Chinamasa wrote to ZPC advising it that Chivhayo had to revise the cost structure of the solar project amid concerns that the costs were inflated.
“I write to request that you endeavour to raise the whole amount of the project cost locally to the extent possible,” Chinamasa wrote in a letter dated April 5 2017.
“I need also to mention that information at hand suggest that due to technological improvements in solar, project costs should be coming down. May you therefore relook at the project costs with a view to adjusting it downwards where possible.”
Chivayo was controversially awarded the Gwanda solar project in 2016, but has not made any progress despite having been given a US$5 million without a bank guarantee.
A year after winning the multi-million dollar tender and despite getting a US$5 million payment for pre-commencement works, Intratek Zimbabwe reportedly abandoned the project site after only three months' work, it has emerged.
According to sources in Spitzkop suburb where the project is sited, Intratek Zimbabwe workers hit the ground running around October 2016, but had by December moved all earth-moving equipment from the site. Zesa sources said the ZPC board is not happy with the directive from the ministry.
“The board met and resolved that there is no way a new subcontractor can be awarded the solar project because Chivayo was already paid a deposit to do the job,” the source said.
“How will ZPC recover the US$5 million paid to Intratrek,” said the source adding: “Chivayo has to be pushed so that the job is done.”
The solar project has long been mired in controversy; from the awarding of the tender in October 2015 to the April 2016 payment of US$5 million for pre-commencement works by ZPC, which was reportedly done without a bank guarantee. The US$5 million covered feasibility studies, topographical surveys, borehole sinking, site clearance, geo-technical surveying, site fencing, wayleaves and construction of administrative structures.
Last year the Independent reported that Zimbabwe's controversial power generation projects have been inflated by more than US$500 million raising suspicion that Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority (Zesa) managers and senior government officials could have corruptly benefitted through price escalations.
Zesa is rocked by a massive tender scandal in which government has entrusted the country's critical multi-billion-dollar energy projects to dodgy business people who have criminal records, ranging from fraud to drug trafficking.
Zimbabwe is planning to construct three solar plants, each generating 100 megawatts. The initial cost, as of 2014, was US$183 million for each of the projects bringing the total cost to US$549 million.
The solar tenders were won by China Jiangxi Corporation (CJC), ZTE Corporation and Intratrek Zimbabwe (Pvt) Ltd.
1:47
Domestic violence ended 39 lives in South Carolina last year. This is one story
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY, Va. — Sixteen-year-old Rachel Miller vividly remembers when they arrived home from 7th grade in tears on Valentine's Day because they didn't have a boyfriend and thought they were not going to receive anything.
As it turned out, their father, David Miller, came home from work that night with flowers, chocolates and a card with 1 Corinthians 13 written on it.
“Reading that verse reminds me that I have a heavenly father that loves me more than anything,” Rachel said. “Valentine's Day from that point on is a reminder that I have a heavenly father that loves me, parents that love me, plenty of friends, just a reminder that I'm loved.”
That experience came to mind as Valentine's Day approached this year.
Rachel is now a student at Massaponax High School, and when talking to their family about ways to reach out to the community in 2017, they suggested going back to their middle school, Thornburg Middle School.
“I felt God laid it on my heart that they wanted me to minister to the middle schoolers by telling them they're loved on Valentine's Day,” Rachel said.
The Miller family, including mom Melissa and dad David, all pitched in on the project, and they even created a GoFundMe page to raise funds.
They spent several weeks making 750 handmade valentines for each student in the school.
“It took three weeks of us as a family punching out each heart,” Melissa Miller said. “We have received so much through process. We had an opportunity to connect with each other all the time we spent at the table. We had lots of great conversations.”
On Tuesday, the family went to Thornburg Middle during lunch and delivered the cards and flowers to every student in the school.
Most of the kids received carnations, but the family brought 50 roses for the children with special needs.
“Rachel has a little brother with Autism,” Melissa Miller said.
The family said the response from the kids was priceless.
“Many of the kids, their eyes just got really big, smiles, some started sword fighting with them, one kid actually said I ate mine like a carrot,” David Miller said.
“This is exactly what the world needs in light of the division in our country,” Melissa Miller said.
The family said their efforts also inspired others to carry out acts of kindness on Valentine's Day.
David Miller said they told a man they met at work about what the family was doing, and the man started tearing up.
“He said there are a couple of special needs girls at a school they work in. I'm going to make sure they have a flower and valentine this year,” David Miller said.
The two stayed in touch and the man told David they bought the girls flowers, balloons and some chocolates.
“It was really cool to see,” David Miller said.
Melissa Miller said the act of kindness was the perfect answer to find a way to give the love their daughter is seeking.
In anticipation of Canada's sesquicentennial celebrations, the Citizen's Bruce Deachman has been out in search of Ottawans — 150 of them — to learn their stories of life and death, hope and love, the extraordinary and the everyday. We'll share one person's story every day until Canada Day.
“I'm just happy to wake up and see another day. I'm just living, man. I'm not working right now. I used to work at the racetrack — Woodbine, in Toronto. I used to be a horse-walker. I walked the horses. I like them; they're nice animals.
“I came to Ottawa just to see. I've been to other places — Barrie, Edmonton, B.C., Halifax. I have to move around. I went to the States. Ottawa's alright, as long as I mind my own business. My favourite city? Canada.”
— Demar Duwani. Dundonald Park, Oct. 5, 2016.
bdeachman@postmedia.com
New research provides insights into the extinction of Britain's largest native carnivore.
The study - 'The Presence of the brown bear in Holocene Britain: a review of the evidence' published in Mammal Review - is the first of its kind to collate and evaluate the evidence for the brown bear in post-Ice Age Britain.
Previous research has failed to establish when the brown bear became extinct, and whether or not remains that have been found are of wild native bears or of bears that have been imported from overseas. There is also little evidence to determine why the bear became extinct on British shores.
The author of the paper, Dr Hannah O'Regan from the Department of Classics and Archaeology at the University of Nottingham, says: "The brown bear was Britain's largest carnivore, yet we know surprisingly little about its history, both as a wild animal and in its relation to humans.
"There has never been a comprehensive review of the evidence of brown bears in Britain, and I believe what we are looking at could show that they were sadly killed off earlier than we previously thought."
Dr O'Regan has examined the location of the sites where materials have previously been found, the dating evidence and the body parts present, to determine when the bear became extinct and where it was imported from other countries.
"Previous extinction evidence is unclear and I would suggest two scenarios should be considered - that they became extinct in the late Neolithic or Bronze Age, or, in the early medieval period.
"Most of the remains that have been discovered from the Iron Age and Anglo-Saxon (early medieval) periods relate to skins that were included in burials," says Dr O'Regan.
"Whilst there were live animals present during the Roman, medieval and post-medieval periods (when they were used for entertainment), these were most certainly imported, rather than native animals."
Interpretations of where animals were living can be affected by the use of data from archaeological sites where their remains may have come from several different sources.
For example, determining when wild animals were present in the past is not straight forward, particularly when dealing with the brown bear where furs and live animals were moved and traded over huge distance and over long periods.
The remains of bears in Britain range from full skeletons to isolated toes or claws, and the sites range from caves to human cremations.
"At present the question of when and why the brown bear became extinct is impossible to answer, as there is still much that we don't know about its distribution. There are 57 sites across Britain where clear dates have been determined, but there are an additional 25 that are thought to be Holocene, but have no further information.
"There is also a gap in radiocarbon dates of some 4000 years from the Mesolithic to the Bronze Age. Some of this gap is filled with specimens from archaeological sites, but further research is needed to establish bear distribution in the past.
"Whilst we can speculate on when the bear became extinct based on existing evidence, more research, particularly on the many undated specimens from caves and fens is needed before a clearer patterns of where brown bear distribution and extinction in Britain emerges,"
###
The Atlanta airport's changes to rideshare pickup locations scheduled to take effect Wednesday shouldn't affect travelers accustomed to hailing Uber or Lyft at the international terminal.
Harsfield-Jackson officials announced Monday that the airport would move pickups by rideshare providers to the economy parking lots, about a five-minute walk from the north or south terminals on the domestic side, according to the airport.
Travelers arriving in the international terminal can continue to be picked up at the outer curbside…Read more on our Airport City site.
HOUSTON – Police in southwest Houston say a convenience store clerk was murdered while trying to stop an armed robbery overnight.
It happened on McHard at Manor around 10 p.m. Tuesday.
Those who knew them say the clerk was an honest, hard-working family man who was trying to make a living. They worked at the store for the last two years.
Police say a masked man went into the store, dressed in black, and held a different clerk behind the counter at gunpoint while demanding cash. The clerk heard the commotion and tried to stop the robbery, and they were shot and killed.
The clerk who was being held at gunpoint was not hurt.
The suspect fled empty handed.
Homicide investigators are looking into the case.
If you have any information call Houston Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS.
© 2018 KHOU
Decked out in a jeweled crown and golden gown, the Christkind kneels to lock eyes with my interlocutor.
Ever attentive, they engage in a short conversation, then poses for an obligatory photo with a smile that's somehow practiced but sincere.
They may not know who they are or what they stand for, but kids (and adult shoppers) of all ages seem drawn to the golden-haired Christmas angel from Nuremberg, Germany, as they glide around the Atlanta Christkindl Market at Atlantic Station.
That's one of the reasons Barbara Otto, the 20-year-old selected this year out of a stout field of applicants, has wanted this gig since they were a girl: Visiting homeless shelters, kindergartens and nursing homes back in Nuremberg goes along with being an ambassador of their native city overseas.
“You appear somewhere, and even without doing anything you bring joy to the whole room,” Ms. Otto told Global Atlanta in an interview. Before Atlanta, they graced markets in Baltimore and Philadelphia. Upon their return to Europe next week, she'll head to Brussels.
Sometimes mistaken for a queen, they relish the chance to explain the tradition now associated with the oldest Christmas market in Germany in the Atlanta sister city of Nuremberg in the 1600s. Christkindl markets have now fanned out across the the German-speaking world and beyond, becoming a bona fide cultural export.
But in Nuremberg, it holds special significance. The city elects the Christkind, the “Christ child” of yore who during the Reformation was said to bring presents on Christmas Eve, like Santa or St. Nick in other parts of the world.
It's rewarding to see how a distinctly German tradition has taken root in U.S., said Ms. Otto, who is also studying economics at at Georg Simon Ohm University of Applied Sciences Nuremberg.
“They have their own American-German charm,” they said of U.S. Christkindl markets.
At 7 p.m. in Atlantic Station Saturday night, Dec. 2, she'll replicate their traditional function in Nuremberg, opening the market by reading a prologue filled with admonitions to value the season and its traditions of warmth and generosity. There will also be a lantern walk for kids.
Before that, though, she'll head to the German School of Atlanta, where she'll meet with some of the more than 300 students who now learn German language and culture there on Saturdays.
Even more than greeting shoppers, the school visit gives a glimpse into why the Christmas market was kick-started last year. Beyond just a warm, fuzzy tradition, it's also a fundraising venture that could lead to real educational exchanges.
The market is organized by the nonprofit German-American Cultural Foundation, which sees it as a means to perpetuate its work fostering interaction between Atlanta and Germany.
Joerg Wekel, a financial professional hired to run this year's event, said 2016 laid a solid foundation — bringing out German businesses and generating a lot of interest from vendors and attendees.
“We had a lot of interest and demand this year, so we could have probably filled double the size of it. We're trying to keep it very authentic German with the products we sell, the food we provide,” Mr. Wekel said.
For Peter Halpaus, a board member of the foundation, authenticity is key in a city where some people get their idea of Germany from the north Georgia town of Helen.
“That's what Americans think Christmas is or an Oktoberfest is. We want to show them how it is really. We want to really establish a real German tradition. It will enrich the cultural life of Atlanta. That's really what we want to do,” said Mr. Halpaus, who chairs IFF Inc., a freight forwarder.
Few German squares are as commercially oriented as what amounts to an outdoor mall in Atlantic Station's Central Park, but Mr. Halpaus said the serene atmosphere, nestled between the big Christmas tree and Santa's workshop, can be truly reminiscent of a German town square — especially with the wafting smells of roasted nuts and a cup of spiced gluehwein.
“We are a Christmas market in a Christmas market,” Mr. Halpaus said.
Hoping to follow in the footsteps of a larger Christmas market in Chicago, the foundation has marshaled support from the German business community, with Porsche coming on as a platinum sponsor this year. The luxury automaker, which has its U.S. headquarters in Atlanta, will support the unfurling of a banner that announcing the market to the downtown connector (complete with the Porsche logo, of course.) A Porsche car will also be posted just around the corner from the market starting this weekend.
Corporate backing is essential to what the foundation hopes will become an annual tradition, and momentum is building in the second year. The market has expanded from 12 wooden booths to 18 and still sees as achievable its eventual goal of expanding laterally through Atlantic Station, perhaps down some of the side streets.
Some favorites have returned: Bernhard's Bakery has the all-important Christstollen, special bread filled with dried fruit and covered in sugar. Lebkuchen-Schmidt is supplying authentic Nuremberg gingerbread. Local European butcher Patak is providing hand-made bratwursts and other meats. Other German companies have wooden toys and hand-blown glass ornaments for shoppers looking for unique refreshments and gifts.
A few new faces have come this year as well. Steinbach Nutcrackers, the famous brand of upscale, handmade figurines, is occupying two booths at the market.
So is Bratplatz, an Atlanta-born food concept that promises “German street food” like sandwiches (including the towering “Dirty Bird” chicken schnitzel sandwich), as well as pretzel bites with beer cheese and fresh-made waffles at the market.
Johnathan Sanford, an American who launched the business in October with their German wife, Insa, says the Christkindl market is the perfect place to generate exposure for the brand, which mainly sells from its food truck at corporate events.
“I didn't realize how many German companies there were here until we actually started the business,” Mr. Sanford said, noting that the foundation is now helping the culinary startup get more tied in with Atlanta's German-American Chamber of Commerce.
That close-knit community of Germans is why you'll see top executives volunteering to pour wine and sell items at the market, said Teri Simmons, a German-speaking attorney at Arnall Golden Gregory and a long-time advocate of Atlanta's ties with Nuremberg.
The proceeds for this market don't go to some private pocketbook, they said.
“They really are funneled back into the community. That's very important for our market, which is why we have such involvement from major corporations,” like AGCO, Mercedes-Benz, Bauerfeind and others. Logistics firm Kuehne & Nagel provided in-kind support including delivery and construction of the booths, while other smaller German firms have pitched in as well.
Learn more about the market at http://www.christkindlmarket.org or learn more about the foundation at http://www.gac-foundation.org.
View more from last year's story here: First Christkindl Market Fills Gap in Atlanta's German Experience
A crash in the Kalihi area at 9 am Wednesday morning has left around 815 customers without power and multiple streets closed.
Waikamilo is closed Makai side from Dillingham to Kalani. Hart street is also closed mauka bound.
A truck carrying equipment reportedly hit overhead power lines, damaging the attached electric poles.
Police say they are still on scene and Hawaiian Electric is on the way.
The effected areas are Kalihi, Palama, Iwilei, and Liliha.
The story will be updated.
910a: ~810 customers w/o pwr in the Kalihi area due to motor vehicle accident. 1st responder en route. Mahalo for your patience. #OahuOutage — Hawaiian Electric (@HwnElectric) June 14, 2017
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved. ?
Ford president and CEO Mark Fields speaks near the logo of shuttle van startup Chariot, during the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
DETROIT Ford Motor Co (F.N) Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields' salary, bonus and stock awards rose 8 percent to a total of $18.8 million in 2016, while pretax profit for the automaker fell slightly from 2015's record high, it said on Friday.
Including pensions and perks, Fields made $22.1 million, up nearly 19 percent from $18.6 million. Their pension award was nearly $2 million higher in 2016 than in the previous year.
The company said the compensation increase stemmed partly from performance bonuses based on a single-year target for 2016 and a portion of a goal for the three years through 2018.
Fields, 56, became CEO in the summer of 2014.
The company earned a pretax profit of $10.4 billion in 2016, down slightly from $10.8 billion in 2015.
Last week, the automaker said it expected lower earnings per share in the first quarter and a drop in pretax profit in 2017 to $9 billion due to increased spending on commodities, warranties and investments and a drop in sales volume.
After a strong run in sales for automakers since they emerged from the Great Recession earlier this decade, investors are watching to see whether the current boom cycle is losing steam.
U.S. sales of new cars and trucks hit a record high of 17.55 million units in 2016. Automakers are set to release sales for March on Monday.
Ford also said on Friday that Executive Chairman Bill Ford, 59, received a salary, bonus and stock awards totaling $11.1 million in 2016, up 10 percent from 2015. Their pension award rose about 5 percent to $1.45 million.
The company said the bigger pension awards resulted from two factors outside its control: fluctuating interest rates and changes to government-issued mortality tables.
Last month Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU.N) (FCHA.MI) said CEO Sergio Marchionne received $11.6 million (10.83 million euros) in pay and benefits for 2016.
(Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Lisa Von Ahn)
MOSCOW (Sputnik), Tommy Yang - Despite facing similar threats from US President Donald Trump's trade policies, the European Union is unlikely to join forces with China to form an anti-US alliance, as competition for market share in the rest of the world due to US trade barriers is expected to rise, analysts told Sputnik.
During recent meetings with EU officials, senior Chinese officials, including Vice Primer Liu He, who is Chinese President Xi Jinping's top economic adviser, and Foreign Minister Wang Yi, proposed to form an alliance between China and the European bloc to fight against aggressive trade policies coming from the Trump administration, according to media reports on Tuesday.
EU officials rejected China's proposal and stressed that the EU would not "pick a side" between Beijing and Washington, an unnamed European diplomat was quoted as saying.
Market Concerns
Economists explained that European companies are expected to face steeper competition in both domestic markets and global markets from Chinese companies, as both sides would seek to find new markets to compensate losses from growing trade barriers in the United States, making a trade alliance unlikely.
"The main battle ground on trade in the future will be in Africa. I think the EU should devote more attention to the region as it does today. This [Africa] will be the main area of confrontation on trade between the EU and China. The problem is, for example, there're some Greek companies are trying to compete against Chinese companies in Africa. But they cannot compete against one third of the prices, which Chinese companies are offering," Panagiotis Petrakis, professor in the Department of Economics at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, told Sputnik.
READ MORE: China Urges US to 'Abandon Mindset of Cold War' Amid Trade Row
Chinese scholars pointed out that EU nations could also start to have concerns about overflow of Chinese products into their domestic markets, as Chinese companies start to look for new markets globally amid higher tariffs in the United States.
"There's another problem the Europeans are very worried about, which is that they [EU nations] would become collateral victims in the trade war between China and the United States. They're very concerned about Chinese companies could flood their products into the European markets, after the gate to the United States has been shut. This could bring a great amount of pressure to European companies," Ding Chun, director of the Center for European Studies at Fudan University in Shanghai, told Sputnik.
Nevertheless, the Shanghai-based expert added that China could try to win the European Union over to their side on specific issues, such as protecting the multilateral global trade system, rather than trying to form an alliance on trade with EU nations.
Chinese Investments
China's rapidly expanding investments in Europe, especially in central and eastern European countries, in recent years, as part of the ambitious Belt and Road Initiative championed by the Chinese president, have raised alarm in many Western European nations, such as France and Germany, with a strong voice in the bloc.
READ MORE: China to Go Ahead With Silk Road Amid Trade Row With US — Analyst
China has been trying to improve transparency of the decision-making process in those investment projects to help ease concerns among Western EU nations that Beijing is trying to drive a wedge within Europe, Professor Ding suggested.
"The EU has always expressed concerns about Chinese investments in central and eastern Europe. China has tried to make it clear that it never intended to split or drive a wedge among EU nations. That's why the Chinese side has been improving the transparency on how we decide where to invest. We need to convince the big nations in Western Europe that this [Chinese investments] could be a great opportunity, as opposed to simply being part of China's geopolitical program," they said.
The expert illustrated the dilemma major European countries face in handling growing Chinese investments in Europe.
"My understanding is that major European countries recognize this [Chinese investments] is a grand plan from China and the Chinese side has the sufficient funds and execution capability to push it forward. If they decide to hold out, they could lose because of being left out. Without a better option, they have to try to take a share in it. But they also don't want to appear to be serving China's agenda. It's a very self-contradictory situation for them. That's why both sides need to make concessions and trade-offs," they said.
Divided Europe
As China takes the initiative to improve trade relations with the EU, some economists suggested that the situation offers EU nations a great opportunity to bargain for greater concessions from Beijing, from increased market access to fairer trade practices.
But the division among EU nations, as demonstrated through different attitudes toward Chinese investments, makes it difficult for the European Union to find a common voice, when negotiating with China over trade issues, professor Petrakis pointed out.
"The question is who is going to bargain with China from the EU? The Germans, the French or the Italians? The EU is not just one state. That's why it's very difficult to develop concrete policies. Actually, the EU does not have any external policy and keeps a very low profile globally. We're very far from the age when the EU would bargain and act as a concrete state," they said.
The expert added that it is better for European Union to prioritize avoiding increased confrontation against the United States, which is still an important strategic ally.
Views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Scroll for more content...
Getting trapped people out of a flooded cave can be one of the easiest -- or one of the most challenging -- types of cave rescue. It is one that an international team is facing with the discovery of a group of 12 boys and their soccer coach -- missing for nine days -- alive, and basically well, in a cave in Thailand. They had gone into the cave after soccer practice and rising flood waters prevented them from leaving.
How to get them out?
I've been an active caver and cave rescuer for more than 30 years, having studied both extensively. I chair the board of regional coordinators (there are 10 regions in the United States) of the National Cave Rescue Commission, which has been developing and teaching cave rescue techniques since 1978.
This rescue in Thailand is one of the toughest I've seen.
But there are some essential guideposts in even a rescue of this colossal difficulty.
To begin, the basic tenet of cave flooding rescue is this: WAIT. Either the people are alive and safe somewhere inside, in which case taking risks only serves to place rescuers in danger, or they have already perished, in which case there is zero reason to place rescuers in danger.
A few things to understand about caves: Most are formed by water, and are dissolved out of (usually) limestone rock over millennia. There are a few exceptions, such as ice and lava tube caves, but even in these, water can run through them.
Not all caves continue to flood, but some still serve as natural "storm drains." In most caves in the United States, and many places around the world, a cave that has some water in it can flood further. This is usually in response to rain, and the water will drain fairly quickly. Only a few caving areas, such as in southeast Asia area, have continuous, monsoon-style rains that can cause a cave to remain flooded for several months.
Among organized cavers, caves that can easily flood, or stay flooded for long periods of time, are avoided if rain is a possibility. Often the general public is not allowed in such caves, but as with this cave, there are exceptions.
Usually when rain traps people in a cave, once the rain event subsides, a few hours to a few days later, the water lowers and rescuers can go in, or the trapped people come out on their own.
Meanwhile, on the surface, there are a few things that can be done to determine whether there is anyone trapped inside and how they might be faring.
Rescuers can monitor the water for depth and temperature, for debris, or for evidence of the trapped people. And the same with weather, which is predictable now to a high degree of accuracy. Efforts can be made to lower water levels through diversion or removing obstructions, or by pumping. Responders can search for other entrances, or can attempt to make new ones. In a few situations, cave divers may be used to make contact or ferry supplies. Mostly, though, it's a waiting game.
And this is very hard for rescuers who are used to doing, not waiting. There can be enormous pressure from family, from officials, and from the media to take action. This pressure can cause rescuers to take ill-considered risks. In most flooding situations, though, the water subsides soon and the question is answered: are they alive or are they not?
In the Thailand case, though, the waiting may well not be enough. The soccer team was found alive 1.2 miles into the Tham Luang Nang Non cave, and the water may not go down for months. Nine days had passed before the first contact was made, something that is highly unusual in cave flooding situations. Also unusual is the cave temperature, in the mid-70s -- higher than most caves in the world, as caves tend to be the average temperature of the area they are in.
In much of the United States and Europe, cave temperatures are between the mid 30s and mid 60s. This means hypothermia: something that would likely have killed people who were unprepared and who were trapped for that length of time. From that standpoint, the trapped Thais are very fortunate.
What is not fortunate is nine days with no food. In a twist of irony, the soccer players and their coach have plenty of water, though if the water had made them sick before Navy Seal rescuers (including a doctor and a nurse) reached them, as they now have, it could have hastened their deaths.
With water, humans can survive for 3-4 weeks without food. After nine days, though, they are weak. Their gastrointestinal system begins to shut down. Their metabolic processes have changed. A full meal right now could kill them. Rescuers are reportedly reintroducing food gradually and carefully. It could take weeks to rebuild the boys' strength; right now they can barely stand, let alone do the rigorous activity likely required to get out.
As to that, there are three primary options.
The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters. It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time. A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger.
Drill an entrance? This requires heavy equipment that has to be brought to the site where a full-sized road has been made, and requires highly detailed mapping or specialized radiolocation from inside the cave. Even then, it's like hitting that needle in the haystack. Find a new entrance to the cave? They have been looking for 10 days now, and the odds go down with each passing day.
Wait for the water to go down? It's monsoon season. Even with pumping, it could be weeks -- even if the weather cooperates. Longer if it does not.
Finding this group at all certainly gives hope. And if where they are in the cave is safe from further flooding and the divers can supply them with food and care, they can live in the cave as long as necessary. If they cannot be safe from further flooding, then the only option may be the first and riskiest: diving them out.
Meanwhile, the world watches and judges. The rescuers are in a tough spot. Unless all people are safely out eventually, the rescuers will be blamed by the "you should have" and by the self-doubt of "what if we'd only..."
SAN DIEGO — Authorities Wednesday shut down a marijuana dispensary that was allegedly being operated illegally in Pacific Beach.
Narcotics-enforcement officers served a search warrant about 1 p.m. at The Seeweed Club, 1138 Hornblend St., according to San Diego police.
During the raid, the personnel seized about 25 pounds of “high grade” harvested cannabis, roughly 2,000 edible products containing the drug, concentrated marijuana and $17,000 in cash, Lt. Matt Novak said.
Three employees were arrested and cited for allegedly operating a business without a license and illegally selling a controlled substance.
The SDPD Narcotics Unit and the City Attorney's Office are in the process of investigating all cannabis dispensaries in San Diego and have shuttered 60 of them since March of last year.
The city also has been cracking down on illicit marijuana-related site tours, delivery services and farmers markets.
“All persons operating any of these illegal businesses will be arrested and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,” Novak said.
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled "Hot Day in Kensington Market," is one of 21 works in Kurelek's "Toronto" series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, "Hauling Hay," fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece "Smokestacks, Copper Cliff" sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
[India], May 30 (ANI): Railway Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday said that the Indian Railways are working on a mission to add electrification to increase the speed of rail travel and reduce the impact on the environment.
"We are making rapid strides in our efforts to double and expand capacity on busy rail routes and working on a mission mode to add electrification both to increase the speed of rail travel and reduce the impact on the environment," Goyal said while addressing a press conference in Delhi.
Further speaking on the holistic plan, Goyal stated that the Indian Railways is working to improve the efficiency both for passengers and financial operators. "We have had a very engaging set of discussion during the day where several subjects have been taken up like to improve punctuality of trains and safety issues. We are working on a holistic plan to unlock the true potential of Railways and improve the efficiency both for passengers and financial operators," the Railway Minister added. (ANI)
MELBOURNE, March 30 London copper slipped on Thursday in low volume trade as the U.S. dollar held gains on brighter economic signals from the United States.
FUNDAMENTALS
* LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange had slipped 0.5 percent to $5,880 a tonne by 0218 GMT. That pared a 0.6-percent gain from the previous session, when prices hit their highest since March 20 at $5,927.50.
* SHANGHAI COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper rose 0.4 percent to 47,440 yuan ($6,881) a tonne.
* U.S. ECONOMY: With the U.S. economy having now "largely attained" a full recovery from recession, the Federal Reserve can raise interest rates three or more times this year, a centrist Fed policymaker said on Wednesday.
* CHINA: China's economy, the world's second largest, will likely expand 6.8 percent in the first quarter of 2017, the official Xinhua agency quoted a government think tank as saying on Wednesday.
* CHINA PROPERTY: Moody's Investors Service warned on Wednesday that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn have grown as record lending has made banks more risk-prone while the government is less able to combat those risks.
* ESCONDIDA: Chile's Escondida named a new president to run the BHP Billiton-operated mine on Thursday, days after the company failed to clinch a wage deal with workers after an historically long strike.
* ZINC FEES: Korea Zinc Inc, the world's third-largest zinc smelter, has agreed to take a 15 percent drop in annual processing fees for 2017 as smelters grapple with a dearth of mine supply, Metal Bulletin reported.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
MARKETS NEWS
* Asian shares edged up to near their highest in two years on Thursday, while the dollar benefited from waning expectations that the European Central Bank was poised to end its easy policy.
DATA/EVENTS
0900 Euro zone Business climate for Mar
0900 Euro zone Consumer confidence for Mar
1200 Germany Consumer prices for Mar
1230 U.S. GDP Final Q4
1230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ($1 = 6.8947 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Due to the development of artificial intelligence systems, humanity could be on the threshold of a fourth industrial revolution. Although fully functional robots walking down the streets and self-driving cars flying above them is still a scenario of a distant future.
Robots are rapidly becoming smarter, as they are effectively self-learning, supported by large data and artificial neural networks.
Robotics has already affected the labor market, relieving people of monotonous and primitive jobs, although for many it meant loss of income as well.
According to a gloomy forecast, by 2020 the world labor market will lose seven million vacancies. In the next 20 years about 35 percent of the world's inhabitants will be cut off from their work.
However, the robots that we have today are imperfect, clumsy and their artificial brain risks failing at the most inopportune moments.
Fabio- Robot Assistant
Supermarket owners in the Scottish capital Edinburgh hired a sales consultant – a robot named Fabio. It was instructed to help customers find products in different sections of the market.
© Flickr/ I-5 Design & Manufacture Off to the Unemployment Line! Fabio the Robot Gets Fired From Supermarket
Sadly, as an assistant, Fabio was absolutely useless because it could not assist the customers correctly. Those customers who were looking for a certain type of cheese and asked Fabio to tell them where to find it were simply sent to the dairy department.
Also, due to the noise in the store, Fabio could not recognize human speech properly and even ended up making totally inappropriate jokes.
The puzzled visitors started to avoid Fabio, and a week later, the robot was "fired" for being unfit for work.
Warehouse robots, on the other hand, are demonstrating astounding results. The warehouses belonging to the largest internet retailer Amazon employs over 100,000 robotic loaders globally.
People are still looking after them, but the effectiveness of joint work has increased five-fold.
A study by Deutsche Bank showed that Amazon robots spent 15 minutes on each order cycle, whereas, people needed 60-75 minutes for the same work. In addition, robotic warehouse systems reduced the corporation's operating expenses by 20 percent.
Patrol Robot Drowns in Fountain
Robotic security guards still need a lot of improvement to their functionality. Although many enterprises have patrol robots moving around the perimeter of their protected facilities, these robots are at risk of becoming disoriented.
In summer of 2017, robot security guard Knightscope K5 was entrusted with patrolling a business complex in Washington.
For a while, everything went smoothly, but one day the robot went straight to a fountain in the complex, fell into it and drowned.
Who knows, maybe the robo-guard just wanted to freshen up a bit after a long day?
Self-Driving Cars
Most experts believe that passenger transport without a driver is a matter of next 10-20 years. During this time, cars will learn how to operate in real conditions on the roads and all the technical and legal issues will be resolved.
Till then, however, self-driving cars are not ready to take over the roads, as a recent Tesla car crash demonstrated.
At the end of last month, a Tesla car was driving on autopilot when it crashed into a parked fire truck in Los Angeles. The Tesla Model S was moving at a speed of 105 kilometers per hour.
The company immediately stated that Tesla's self-driving technology requires drivers to keep their hands on the steering wheel at all times. If the system feels that the hands have been removed, the driver is warned immediately. The company added that the autopilot is intended for use only with an attentive driver inside.
Despite the recent mishap, progress on self-driving technology is still futuristic and every failed attempt points to errors that can then be fixed, bringing humanity closer to one day driving fully automated cars.
Robot Sophia Shocked by Corruption
Sophia, the creation of a Hong Kong company and is recognized as the most perfect android in the world, recently fell into a stupor.
The robot became famous for its ability to discuss and analyze a wide range of topics; once Sofia even shocked many by admitting that they are ready to destroy humanity.
They were invited to the recent World Economic Forum in Davos where a journalist of the Ukrainian TV channel asked them how to fight corruption in Ukraine and around the world. Sophia went into deep thought, ceased to respond or react to anything.
This malfunction was later explained by specialists who said that Sophia was programmed to answer only certain prepared questions and the issue of corruption was not part of that list.
In Sophia's defense, many humans might fall into a stupor if faced with such a broad question.
One way or another, robots will soon take over routine jobs such as cooking, manufacturing, commerce and accounting, according to authors of the book "The Second Machine Age", written by researchers Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
However, total robot domination on a global scale which may result in the extermination of humanity remains a chapter out of a sci-fi book.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
That Air Quality Advisory issued for our region Friday has been extended.
The Ministry of Environment issued the Advisory for the Cowichan Valley because of high concentrations of fine particulates that are expected to persist until weather conditions change.
Persons with chronic underlying medical conditions should postpone strenuous exercise until the advisory is lifted.
Open burning restrictions are now in effect for the Cowichan Valley within 15 kilometres of Duncan City Hall for a period of 3 days.
No new fires may be initiated and no additional material may be added to existing fires.
EL CAJON, Calif. — Two brothers who beat a homeless man to death near their makeshift encampment in a Santee riverbed pleaded guilty Friday to murder, mayhem and manslaughter charges.
Austin Mostrong, 22, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the death of George Lowery and will be sentenced to 20 years to life in prison on Jan. 12. Austin Mostrong also pleaded guilty to assaulting a separate victim.
Preston Mostrong, 21, pleaded guilty to manslaughter and mayhem, including an allegation that they caused great bodily injury to Lowery and caused them to go into a coma. The defendant will be sentenced to 24 years in prison on the same day their older brother is sentenced at the courthouse in El Cajon.
A third person, Hailey Suder, is charged with being an accessory after the fact.
Deputy District Attorney George Modlin said both Mostrong brothers made statements that placed them at the crime scene on April 24, 2016. Preston Mostrong admitted striking the 50-year-old Lowery and throwing them into the weeds, the prosecutor said.
Lowery's wife, who lived with them in a makeshift encampment in the riverbed, found them face-down, hogtied and unconscious under a piece of plywood in the area of Chubb Lane and North Magnolia Avenue, suffering from severe trauma to their upper body. Lowery, who had also been robbed, was pronounced dead four days later.
Defense attorneys said that four days before the fatal attack, Austin Mostrong's paintball or pellet gun was taken in a confrontation near the homeless camp.
The night before Lowery was attacked, Austin Mostrong said they were going to go get their guns back, Modlin said.
FILE - In this Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, file photo, white nationalist demonstrators walk into the entrance of Lee Park surrounded by counter demonstrators in Charlottesville, Va. People are using social media to identify and shame white nationalists who attended this past weekend's gathering in Charlottesville. At least one person has reportedly been fired as a result, showing that the power of angry online mobs can go both ways. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File)
[India], June 15 (ANI): A thirteen year-old girl set a new world record for performing a series of 15 yogasanas in a minute, in the presence of representatives from the Golden Book of Records at a community hall here.
The young achiever, identified as Kushi H., bagged this feat by performing the Niraalamba Poorna Chakrasana or the Back Plank Recline Cruncher, which is considered to be a very difficult asana.
Kushi, the daughter Hemachandra, a bank officer, began performing yoga less than three years ago, following which they received various accolades on both national and international levels.
In 2014, Kushi won a silver medal in an international Yoga competition in the under-17 category in China. In 2016, they won two gold medals, for solo artistic and rhythmic pair and two silver medals in Vietnam. During the practice session, Kushi performed the asana 13 times in a minute, a number that they superseded at the gathering on Sunday, allowing them to add a new world record to their kitty. The young girl, while speaking to ANI said they drew their inspiration from a contestant on the popular television show 'America's Got Talent', and decided to practice the same. "A contestant from Tokyo performed the same asana, which made my want to practice it and try to achieve a world record. I am glad it was successful. In the future, I would like to hold many more such records and do in-depth research in the field of yoga," said an elated Kushi. (ANI)
DALLAS – Firefighters rescued a man and a woman Monday morning after the couple became trapped as their home began to collapse.
According to Dallas Fire Rescue, the department's Urban Search and Rescue Team responded to a 911 call at 7:38 Monday to investigate a collapsed home in the 1400 block of Padgitt Avenue, just south of downtown.
Firefighters found a two-story detached garage, partially converted into a residence, with a man and a woman trapped inside. Crews coached the two to the most stable part of the structure and got them both out with no injuries.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Everything seemed like it just shifted from the left and came all the way; the TV started flying, tables start sliding and come toward us," Rochelle Johnson said of waking to the commotion in their home. "It sounded like a big boom, like a car had hit the house."
Johnson and the man were evaluated at the scene but were not taken to a hospital.
HOPEFULLY NOT 'TO WAR' John Oliver Lays Out What's Up With North Korea And Where We Might Go Next
There's a lot of misinformation about North Korea out there which certainly isn't helpful at a time like this. Here's one thing we do know: North Korea is really into accordions. Very, very into accordions.
John McManus of MacManus Pharmacy, Manorhamilton made a presentation of an original letter written by 1916 leader Sean MacDiarmada to Leitrim GAA County board officials Martin McCartin (Treasurer), Terence Boyle (Chairman) and Attracta O'Reilly (Secretary) at half time during last Saturday's game between Leitrim and Monaghan in Pairc Sean MacDiarmada.
The item was part of a rare book auction, organised by Fonsie Mealy Auctioneers, on December 5, 2017 in the Tara Towers Hotel, Dublin.
Seán MacDiarmada is described as one of the main architects of the Rising of 1916. He, along with John Clarke - whose father hailed from Carrigallen, Co Leitrim - were instrumental in planning the Rising and also key in introducing the main players and bringing them together as a group during the 1915/16 period.
The letter is addressed to 'Cathal', (possibly Brugha) and is dated January 26, 1915. It is on a single page featuring the header The National Daily Bulletin - a Republican newsletter at the time. The letter speaks of plans for an Emmett celebration.
"I was talking to a few of the Com[mittee] and we think it would be a mistake to drop the celebration", and proposing a meeting for Thursday night.
"Tom [Clarke] (another 1916 Signatory with connections to Leitrim), [Seán] McGarry & myself are notified. I'll send word to Peadar McNally. Could you let the others know".
It is signed "Do chara / Seán MacDiarmada", and includes a postscript: "Could you get that small a/c. for [Irish] Freedom".
Significant documents in MacDiarmada's hand are now very scarce and this letter is believed to be of great historical significance.
Speaking to the Leitrim Observer, after purchasing the historic document at last December's auction, John MacManus, said they have been collecting memorabilia linked to Seán MacDiarmada for over 10 years.
“This letter could be very important because Seán MacDiarmada always wrote in code. While the letter talks about an Emmett celebration, it is very possible that this may be a coded letter. The rebellion didn't just happen overnight and this letter could be one of those blocks building towards the rebellion of 1916,” they pointed out.
John's family has strong links with that of the 1916 signatory. When Sean MacDiaramada went to Belfast in the early 1900s they worked in John's Great Grand Uncle's pub for a time.
“I am lucky enough to own some other items belonging to Seán MacDiarmada but this (letter) is very special as letters or any items linked with them are just so rare,” they said.
“I think it is very important that we respect our history and it is vital for ourselves as a community to value our culture and heritage.
“To be able to bring something back to north Leitrim, something with such a link to Seán MacDiarmada, is an honour for me. These items should be kept for the community, seen by the people, not just locked away in private collections.”
The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL feature lovely designs with solid aluminium bodies and glass detailing on the rear. Both are IP67 water and dust resistant and both offer front-facing stereo speakers.
The Pixel 2 XL is the more exciting of the two in terms of looks with its almost all-screen front, while the Pixel 2 has a more standard finish with its 16:9 display. Both will require protection if you want to keep them looking as good as new though.
Luckily there are several cases available for both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL already. Here are some of the best ones we have found so far but we will add to this feature regularly in case none of the following tickle your fancy just yet.
This Clear Gel Silicone Slim Shell Cover case from 32nd has a lightweight design, an ultra-slim profile without hiding the design and it offers access to all ports and features.
Price: £4.49 from Amazon
The Caseology Vault Series for the Pixel 2 XL is a TPU case with shock absorbing features. It offers responsive button covers, precise cutouts and raised lip protection.
Price: £9.99 from Amazon
Gear4 offers the Piccadilly case for both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel 2 XL. The clear polycarbonate case offers access to all ports and features, has a scratch protected UV coating and it is available in three colour-trim options.
Price: £29.99 from Gear 4
Google offers a couple of official cases for the Pixel 2 and the Pixel 2 XL including the one pictured above that offers a knit exterior and soft microfibre lining. This case is available in four colours and it is compatible with the Active Edge on the devices for launching Google Assistant.
Price: £35 from Google
Griffin offers a few different cases for both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL including the Survivor Strong case which meets Military Standard 810-G standards. It has a two-layer shell with the outside shell being shatter-resistant for protection.
Price: £28 from Griffin
The LK Ultra case for the Pixel 2 is constructed from TPU, which is said to be shock absorbent, shatterproof and scratch resistant. It offers access to all buttons, controls and ports, as well as an anti-slip design for extra grip.
Price: £5.99 from Amazon
British case manufacturer Snakehive has this Vintage Leather Wallet case for both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. It's made from European cowhide leather and is available in a range of colours. Inside you'll find space for three cards, as well as soft leather protection for both sides of your Pixel 2 phone.
Price: £24.99 from Amazon
Speck offers cases for both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL including the Presidio Grip case for the Pixel 2 that is available in four colours. It features 10ft drop protection, the company's Impactium Shock Barrier and a scratch-resistant matte finish. Speck also offers a lifetime limited warranty.
Price: $39.95 from Speck
Tech 21 offers cases for both the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL, including the Evo Check for the larger device. The Evo Check has 10ft drop protection thanks to three layers of impact materials and it is designed to be thin and lightweight, whilst also offering precise cutouts for ports and features.
Price: £34.95 from Tech 21
Urban Armour Gear offers cases for both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel 2 XL including the Plasma Series for the Pixel 2 XL. Available in two colours, the Plasma case has an armour shell with an impact resistant soft core, tactile buttons and it meets military drop-test standards.
Price: $39.95 from Urban Armour Gear
MOREHEAD, Ky. — Kevin McClain scored 25 points, Dylan Windler had a double-double and Belmont defeated Morehead State 83-73 on Saturday for its eighth straight victory.
Windler had 13 points and 14 rebounds, which matched their career high, for the Bruins (19-6, 11-1 Ohio Valley Conference). Tyler Hadden added 15 points on 6-of-8 shooting, and Mack Mercer and Nick Hopkins added 12 and 10 points, respectively, off the bench.
Hadden had 13 points and McClain 12 as the Bruins steadily built a 43-30 halftime advantage.
Early in the second half the Eagles got within nine points, but Hopkins and McClain had back-to-back 3-pointers in an 8-0 run. Midway through the lead was down to seven but the Bruins scored six straight and made it a 12-2 run to cruise home.
Constantine is getting resurrected, and we've got your first look at Matt Ryan's demon hunter in all their animated glory for the CW Seed offshoot.
Live-action series star Ryan — who played the character on the short-lived NBC drama, and then reprised their role on The CW's Arrow — returns to voice the DC Comics hero.
“Armed with an arcane knowledge of the dark arts and a wicked wit, they fight the good fight,” reads the official show description. “With their soul already damned to hell, he'll do whatever it takes to protect the innocent. With the balance of good and evil on the line‎, Constantine uses their skills to face the supernatural terrors that threaten our world and send them back where they belong. After that, who knows… maybe there's hope for them and their soul after all.”
The animated Constantine — written by J.M. DeMatteis (Justice League Dark, Batman vs. Robin) and executive-produced by David S. Goyer (The Dark Knight trilogy) and the Arrowverse's Greg Berlanti and Sarah Schechter — is slated to debut on The CW's digital arm CW Seed in early 2018. But if you're at New York Comic Con this Sunday, you can catch a three-minute sneak peek at the start of Warner Bros. Television's programming block in the Hammerstein Ballroom at 2 pm.
Check out the key art below, then hit the comments with your thoughts on the latest incarnation of the demon hunter.
Charlotte is here seeking knowledge, to become a better gun owner. "You never know when it's going to be important to you if you get into a situation where you have to shoot someone" The law may allow to conceal carry but when you use your weapon may not be crystal clear, so this session offered advice. "The common mishap is people who want to react to somebody trespassing on their property, make sure they understand. No, you don't just get to run outside with a gun and ...
More >>
April 10 Uttam Sugar Mills Ltd
* Uttam Sugar Mills says temporarily stoppage of distillery division situated at Barkatpur unit
* Uttam Sugar Mills says unable to quantify loss at present
* Uttam Sugar Mills says co taking steps to seek permission of CPCB to re-start operations of distillery division
* Uttam Sugar Mills Ltd says co expects to restart manufacturing operations soon Source text: (bit.ly/2oQFy9F) Further company coverage:
IT'S been an unusually cool start to the season, but Adelaide is in for two scorching summer days before the temperature drops again in time for the weekend.
The city is forecast to reach a high of 36C today - and Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Simon Timke said nightfall won't bring much relief.
“We're forecasting a minimum of 25, so pretty uncomfortable sleeping conditions and then up to 38 tomorrow with a little bit more wind,” they told ABC Radio Adelaide this morning.
“It will be quite windy from the north, so I expect that we'll see more widespread fire bans for tomorrow.”
Fire bans are in place for the West Coast and Eastern Eyre Peninsula today.
But the heatwave won't last long - Thursday's high will drop dramatically to 24C.
Friday's top will be 26C before temperatures hit 27C on Saturday and 31C on Sunday.
A new study from North Carolina State University finds that people who are more sensitive to the passage of time are better at accounting for the latency - or time lag - inherent in remotely controlling robots or other tools.
"There are many situations, from bomb disposal to remote surgeries, in which people want to remotely control devices," says Federico Scholcover, a Ph.D. student at NC State and lead author of a paper on the work. "However, the longer the lag time between when users issue a command and when they see the results of that command, the longer it takes them to perform a task and the more errors they make.
"We wanted to know if an individual's sensitivity to changes in time affects their ability to cope with this latency - and their resulting performance."
For this study, researchers had 22 participants perform two tasks. One task was designed to test an individual's sensitivity to changes in time. The second task was to maneuver a remotely controlled car through a prescribed course. The second task was performed eight times, with users dealing with four different lag times ranging from 400 milliseconds to one second. Researchers assessed how long it took participants to complete the driving course, as well as how many errors they made - such as steering the car off the course.
The researchers found that individuals with greater time sensitivity were no faster than their counterparts at completing the course, but they made far fewer mistakes.
"For example, there was a speed/error tradeoff for everyone - the faster you went, the more mistakes you made," Scholcover says. "But the most sensitive participants would make an average of 3.5 errors per minute, whereas the less sensitive participants made an average of 6.1 errors per minute.
"We also found that participants who were more sensitive took slightly longer pauses - 0.2 seconds longer - between issuing commands to the remotely controlled vehicles."
"We're not entirely sure why time sensitivity improves performance, but it is possible that improved timing may help people estimate the extent of movement by the remotely controlled car," says Doug Gillan, a professor of psychology at NC State and co-author of the paper.
"Next steps include exploring this subject in more detail, such as a more fine-grained analysis of errors and testing different remotely controlled tasks," Scholcover says. "It would also be interesting to determine if one can improve one's sensitivity to changes in time, which could in turn - presumably - improve an individual's remote operation performance."
The paper, "Using Temporal Sensitivity to Predict Performance Under Latency in Teleoperation," is published in the journal Human Factors.
###
The investigation into the June 2017 west London blaze involves a team of 187 police officers and civilian staff and has so far taken statements from 1,144 witnesses
Published 6:54 AM, December 12, 2017
LONDON, United Kingdom – The criminal investigation into the Grenfell Tower fire in London in which 71 people were killed is "unprecedented", a police spokesperson said on Monday, December 11, at the opening of a public inquiry into the blaze.
"Outside certain counter-terrorism inquiries, the investigation is unprecedented in terms of its scale and complexity," Jeremy Johnson, a lawyer for London's Metropolitan Police, said at the hearing.
Johnson said police were examining possible offenses of manslaughter, corporate manslaughter, misconduct in public office and fire safety breaches.
The investigation into the west London blaze involves a team of 187 police officers and civilian staff and has so far taken statements from 1,144 witnesses, they said.
"Nothing has been excluded from the scope of the criminal investigation," they said, promising a "meticulous, thorough and fearless" probe.
Scotland Yard said last month that 71 people had died, including a stillborn baby. Police said they were hoping to wrap up their investigation in late 2018.
The public inquiry, which is expected to produce recommendations for fire safety in public housing, will run alongside the police investigation.
Survivors and people who lived in the vicinity of the apartment block have already criticized the inquiry, however, saying they are not sufficiently involved.
Monday's hearing ruled that 424 individuals or groups, including some survivors, would be granted "core participant" status in the inquiry meaning they have access to documents, can make statements and can question witnesses through legal representatives.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission, a non-departmental public body, said it had begun its own investigation that would look at issues that might be "overlooked" by the official inquiry. – Rappler.com
A 26-year-old Zambian woman and their 2-year-old daughter were both shot last night by their baby daddy minutes after they wrote a post on Facebook about moody people.
Precious Manganisa, 26, had gone to their baby daddy's house in Ibex Hill, Meanwood in Lusaka province, Zambia last night to pick their daughter who they left with him. On getting there, a quarrel allegedly ensued between Precious and 34-year-old Nshinka Kaputo and they shot them and their daughter in the neck. Precious died of their injuries. Luckily, the little girl cheated death and is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital.
Minutes before they were shot, Precious, who was a Multichoice employee, left a post on Facebook which many now say most likely had to do with their baby daddy.
They wrote: “I honestly think moody people are the retarded! Literally psychopaths! Y'all just wake up angry at the world like who upset you?”
Zambia Police released a statement today confirming the incident. Zambia Police Spokesperson, Esther Mwaata Katongo, said in the statement that the baby daddy is now in police custody.
The statement reads: ” We received a report of murder which happened in Lusaka Province yesterday, 05th October, 2017 at about 2000 hours in Mean wood ibex hill area in which Nshinka Kaputo aged 34 of unknown house number in Mean wood is alleged to have shot dead their girlfriend, Precious Manganisa aged 26 of unknown house number, Lusaka West using a Pistol.
“The victim went to the accused person's residence to pick their daughter aged two years seven months who was at their father's residence in Mean wood.
“She sustained a bullet wound on the neck. The scene was visited and a pistol with 10 rounds of ammunition was recovered.
“The baby was also shot in the neck and the projectile was stuck in the neck. It has been extracted by medical personnel at Fairview Hospital.
“The accused person is detained in police custody while the body is lying in UTH mortuary awaiting postmortem.”
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
Bees MVP • Kaleb Cowart went 2-for-4 with two doubles.
Hidden Hero • Manny Banuelos pitched 3 1⁄3 scoreless innings in relief and struck out seven and walked one. They allowed three hits.
Flashing Leather • Bees relief pitcher Jason Gurka pounced off the mound and snagged a bouncer up the middle with runner on first and no outs in the seventh to start at double play. They tossed to shortstop Rey Navarro who stepped on the bag, left and threw to first in time to get Conger at first.
Quoteworthy • "Everything was good, all pitches. Everything," Banuelos said of their outing. "I've been working with my pitching coach between my outings. I feel like my slider — cutter, whatever — it was much better, and I feel like I tried to be a little bit more aggressive and throw a lot strikes. That helps out a lot."
Angel Angle • Bees relief pitcher Brooks Pounders got moved into a starting role on Wednesday after Los Angeles promoted the day's scheduled starter, Parker Bridwell, in the wake of Tuesday night's extra-inning affair against the Yankees. Reliever Mike Morin, who had been called up the previous day, got optioned back to Triple-A.
What's next • The Bees will continue their four-game series against Reno on Thursday at 7:05 p.m. at Smith's Ballpark.
Police on Monday said they are continuing to search for those behind the theft of four loaded magazines and a number of bullets which were stolen from a guard at the Andreas Papandreou air base on December 17.
The stolen ammunition – four loaded magazines and 60 bullets – was found by a priest near the church of Ayia Vryaini in Mandria, Paphos on December 31.
The priest had called the police after locating the ammunition in the store room where church items are kept, and was later identified as that stolen from the airbase last month.
The ammunition was stolen on December 17 at around 7.10pm when three men reportedly forced their way into the base and robbed the guard on duty of the items before fleeing in a black car. The stolen items were in a metal box with the guard.
Researchers at King's College London have discovered a fundamental process by which brains are built, which may have profound implications for understanding neurodevelopmental conditions like autism and epilepsy.
The study, published in Nature and funded by the Wellcome Trust, also answers an evolutionary mystery about how the delicate balance between different types of brain cells might be maintained across species with vastly different brain sizes.
The cerebral cortex is the largest region of the human brain and is responsible for many of our advanced abilities such as learning, memory and our ability to plan future actions. The cerebral cortex contains two main types of brain cells: excitatory and inhibitory neurons, which can be more simply defined as 'go' and 'no-go' neurons.
Excitatory 'go' neurons process information and provide orders telling other neurons what to do. Inhibitory 'no-go' neurons restrict the activity of excitatory neurons so that they don't all go at the same time. Too much 'go' leads to the over-firing of neurons seen in epilepsy, while too much 'no-go' causes cognitive problems.
The researchers have discovered how the correct balance is achieved in the number of 'go' and 'no-go' neurons by studying the brains of developing mice. Since the ratio of the two cell types in all mammals is remarkably similar, the findings are likely to apply to humans.
'Like many fundamental things in nature, the process we have uncovered is elegant and likely very important,' says senior author Professor Oscar Marín, from the Centre for Developmental Neurobiology at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience (IoPPN).
'This study fills a big gap in our understanding of how the brain is built, explaining quite simply how the balance of excitatory and inhibitory neurons in the cerebral cortex has remained constant as mammals have evolved. It is probable that this process has been critical in allowing human brains to expand.'
By manipulating brain cells in mice during a critical period of embryonic development, the researchers demonstrated that the number of 'no-go' neurons is adjusted once the number of 'go' neurons is established.
Co-lead author Dr Kinga Bercsenyi from the Marín laboratory at the IoPPN explains: 'If we imagine brain activity as a conversation, neurons have to be connected to each other in order to talk. During the first two weeks after birth, 'no-go' neurons can sense if they are alone and are programmed to die if they cannot find 'go' neurons that are willing to talk to them.'
The researchers found that 'go' neurons rescue their 'no-go' cousins from death by blocking the function of a protein called PTEN. Mutations in the gene coding for PTEN have been strongly linked to autism, suggesting that when PTEN is not functioning properly not enough 'no-go' neurons die, tipping the balance of cell types and causing problems in information processing in some autistic people.
Co-lead author Dr Fong Kuan Wong the Marín laboratory at the IoPPN says: 'As well as finding a biological process that is fundamental to brain development, our findings suggest that disruptions to this process may be fundamental to neurodevelopmental disorders. Understanding how the balance of cell types in the cerebral cortex is disrupted in conditions like autism and epilepsy could potentially lead to new treatments.'
The researchers are now investigating the consequences of having too many 'no-go' neurons in mice, and how this might relate to human conditions like autism.
###
NOTES TO EDITORS
About King's College London and the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience
King's College London is one of the top 25 universities in the world (2017/18 QS World University Rankings) and among the oldest in England. King's has more than 26,500 students (of whom nearly 10,400 are graduate students) from some 150 countries worldwide, and nearly 6,900 staff. The university is in the second phase of a £1 billion redevelopment programme which is transforming its estate. http://www. kcl. ac. uk
The Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience (IoPPN) at King's College London is the premier centre for mental health and related neurosciences research in Europe. It produces more highly cited publications in psychiatry and mental health than any other university in the world (Scopus, 2016), with 12 of the most highly cited scientists in this field. World-leading research from the IoPPN has made, and continues to make, an impact on how we understand, prevent and treat mental illness and other conditions that affect the brain. http://www. kcl. ac. uk/ ioppn
About Wellcome
Wellcome exists to improve health for everyone by helping great ideas to thrive. We're a global charitable foundation, both politically and financially independent. We support scientists and researchers, take on big problems, fuel imaginations and spark debate. wellcome.ac.uk
Share. From Donald Glover's Simba to James Earl Jones' Mufasa, we break down everyone confirmed so far. From Donald Glover's Simba to James Earl Jones' Mufasa, we break down everyone confirmed so far.
The Lion King is one of numerous animated Disney classics being remade for live-action (with VFX-created characters as well, of course). And even though the film won't be dropping until 2019, we now know the majority of the voice actors who have been hired to help bring life to these memorable animal characters.
Click through our slideshow below to see every character/actor confirmed for the Lion King remake so far...
The Lion King: Every Character and Actor Confirmed for Disney's Live-Action Remake 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 11 Here's every character and actor confirmed so far for Disney's live-action remake of The Lion King. 01 OF 11 Here's every character and actor confirmed so far for Disney's live-action remake of The Lion King. The Lion King: Every Character and Actor Confirmed for Disney's Live-Action Remake Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Download Image Captions ESC
The Lion King is directed by Jon Favreau and stars Donald Glover, James Earl Jones, Alfre Woodard, John Kani, John Oliver, Billy Eichner and Seth Rogen. Chiwetel Ejiofor is currently rumored to play the main villain, Scar. The film is slated to hit theaters on July 19, 2019.
For more on the remake, be sure to read IGN's thoughts on the first footage of the film that was shown at this year's D23 Expo.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
Critics concerned about power of initiative's ethics panel
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — Opponents of a South Dakota ballot question that would create a new government ethics commission are raising concerns about the amount of power that would be given to an unelected panel if voters approve it in November.
South Dakota Chamber of Commerce and Industry President David Owen said Tuesday that the group would help lead opposition to what's billed as an anti-corruption initiative, which voters will decide in the general election. Constitutional Amendment W would tighten campaign finance and lobbying restrictions, establish the independent ethics board and prevent the Legislature from changing laws approved by voters without returning to the ballot.
Owen said the ethics commission would have a "scope of power that's kind of unbelievable."
"We're wandering into territory that's completely unheard of," they said.
Mitch Richter, a co-sponsor of the amendment, said it's meant to put power back in the hands of the people. The new seven-member state government accountability board with broad powers would serve as a citizen ethics commission.
The members would be appointed by the state Supreme Court, the governor and by the board itself. It would require lawmakers to put $389,000 annually indexed to inflation into a fund administered by the board.
The panel would investigate allegations of corruption and violations of lobbying, campaign finance and government ethics regulations. It would also have the authority to conduct audits of disclosures including for lobbying and campaign finance and impose sanctions such as fines on public officials.
The amendment would replace a voter-imposed ethics overhaul that state lawmakers repealed just months after it passed in 2016. Richter said supporters came back with a "stronger piece of legislation."
But critics have labeled the measure an out-of-state proposal because it has been funded by Represent.Us, a Massachusetts-based organization working to reduce the influence of money in politics that also supported the 2016 South Dakota ballot measure campaign.
"I think we're going to get outspent," Owen said. "I think they're going to whoop up a false impression that South Dakota is massively corrupt."
Other groups opposing the amendment include the Sioux Falls Area Chamber of Commerce, South Dakota Bankers Association, South Dakota Farm Bureau, South Dakota Municipal League, South Dakota Retailers Association and AGC of South Dakota Highway Heavy Utility Chapter.
Richter said the amendments opponents are "insiders" who are concerned about power going back to the people.
"They like the game that they're playing now, and they don't want the rules changed," they said.
“Whether we choose to revisit it at another time and reimagine that story — that's something [director] Michael [Patrick King] and I just haven't talked about yet, that doesn't mean we won't, but we haven't at this time.”
— Sarah Jessica Parker, on the possibility of another SATC movie, to Vulture
LONDON, March 30 Genel Energy, an Iraqi Kurdistan oil producer chaired by former BP boss Tony Hayward, deepened its annual operating loss last year after it further downgraded reserves at its flagship oilfield.
Genel said it wrote off $779 million on its exploration assets following the Taq Taq reserves downgrade announced earlier this week, taking it to an annual operating loss of $1.2 billion, worse than the $1.1 billion operating loss made in 2015.
The company also announced a bond buyback programme, aiming to repurchase a minimum of $50 million worth of bonds. Genel's share price fell to an all-time low on Tuesday following its reserve downgrade announcement.
"While acknowledging the recent disappointing share price performance and cumulative impact of impairments, there are now clearer opportunities for value creation than there have been for some time, driven by the significant opportunity afforded by our gas assets," said Genel CEO Murat Ozgul. (Reporting by Karolin Schaps, editing by David Evans)
It's been confirmed that UFC champion Conor McGregor will face professional boxer Floyd Mayweather in the ring.
The pair will face off in a light middleweight boxing match in Las Vegas on August 26th.
Mayweather posted a video on Twitter confirming the details with the message 'It's official', while McGregor posted, 'the fight is on'.
It's reported each fighter could earn 100 million dollars from the bout - one of the richest in history.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
Muschamp recaps big win over Vols: 'The heart of our football team shows up again' South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp speaks after the win over Tennessee in Knoxville. McClatchy dmclemore@thestate.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina football coach Will Muschamp speaks after the win over Tennessee in Knoxville. McClatchy dmclemore@thestate.com
ABC's firefighter-themed Grey's Anatomy spinoff is heating up casting-wise, with four new series regulars — including Friday Night Lights/Aquarius alum Grey Damon — added to the offshoot. Also boarding the still-untitled Shondaland drama: Okieriete Onaodowan (Broadway's Hamilton), Danielle Savre (Too Close To Home) and Barrett Doss (Marvel's Iron Fist). The quartet join the previously cast Jaina Lee Ortiz (Rosewood) and Jason George (who will be playing their Grey's Anatomy character, Ben).
The 10-episode series revolves around the brave Seattle firefighters who risk their lives and their hearts both in the line of duty and off the clock. The lead characters will be introduced in an episode of Grey‘s Anatomy later this fall ahead of the spinoff's launch at midseason. Longtime Grey's EP Stacy McKee will serve as showrunner.
The news was first reported by our sister site Deadline.
by Sally Colby
After a lifetime of raising Herefords, Dan Snyder knows what they like. Although cattle styles have changed over the years, sometimes to the extreme, Snyder has always stuck with what they believe are true performers with style, function and longevity.
Snyder got started in the cattle business in the 1980s, primarily as a means for their kids to stay busy. They believed it was important that their kids learn all aspects of the cattle business, so the family bred and selected 4-H project animals for both market and breeding classes from within the herd. “We A.I.'d to numerous bulls, and we always maintained a good herd sire,” said Snyder, explaining the start of the Stone Ridge Manor herd in Gettysburg, PA. “Back in that day, there was a big push to have huge, big-framed cattle, but we opted not to go that route. We stuck with a middle-of-the-road philosophy. I'm glad, because a lot of those cattle didn't perform, produce milk or have sensible sized calves.”
Today, The Stone Ridge Manor herd exceeds breed averages on all traits, an accomplishment that's the result of careful mating selections by Snyder and their son Seth.
Seth acts as herd manager, and checks all the animals every day at each farm. They also handle hay-making and other cropping.
Stone Ridge Manor includes 460 owned acres and additional leased acreage for a total of 800 farmed acres. Cattle are on pasture both at the home farm and at four other locations within several miles of the main farm. The cowherd includes about 150 mature animals, about 30 to 40 bred heifers as well as young bulls being developed as future herd sires or sale. “We sell a lot of cattle, both at the sale and through private treaty,” said Snyder. “That's why we do so much ET work. We handle a lot of feeders too.”
Snyder says breeding cattle for an ideal type involves a lot of decisions. “Sometimes you make the wrong decision as you go along, but you can make corrections too,” they said. “The calf that hits the ground today isn't going to do anything for you for two years. If you go to one extreme or another, unless you're extremely lucky, you're going to have to play some serious catch-up.”
Every cow in the Stone Ridge Manor herd is expected to work, and Snyder believes that cows don't have to be oversized to carry a calf and raise it to weaning. “If a cow can't wean 50 percent of their weight in a calf and then get bred back so they calve again in a year, she's not doing what they should be doing,” they said. “Unless a 1,600 pound cow can wean an 800 or 900 pound calf, which they can't, there's something wrong.”
Snyder says the cows in their herd average about 1,200 pounds, and can easily wean calves that are 50 percent of their body weight, but also has 1,100 pound cows that can easily wean a 600 pound calf.
The farm's pasture based program includes overseeding pastures as necessary. Snyder tries to reduce the amount of established fescue in favor of New Zealand grazing species. “We overseed with clover to try to get 30 percent legume, which is enough to buffer the fescue,” they said.
The majority of the herd is bred for early spring calving, which starts in January and continues through the end of March. This allows potential sale calves to be weaned and prepared in time for the farm's annual Breeder's Classic Sale held the first weekend in October. Snyder says there are also some fall calves because of the farm's flush program.
Snyder knows it takes a lot to maintain the large frame of a heavy cow, which is why they insist on keeping the cows fit and not fat. The farm's forage-based program has worked consistently for efficient, working cattle; both cows and bulls. “Our cattle have to make a living around a hay rack,” said Snyder. “They don't get grain supplement — they have to get it done eating good grass or high-moisture hay along with minerals.” First-calf heifers are supplemented with alfalfa hay in severely cold weather.
Because the herd consistently exceeds breed averages, Stone Ridge Manor has a reputation for producing outstanding herd bulls. “We sell a lot of bulls,” said Snyder, “and when they leave, they've been on grass and good minerals.”
Snyder would rather sell realistic cattle to buyers who can take them home and put them right in the pasture where they'll get to work and maintain condition through the breeding season.
Snyder recently sold a group of Hereford bulls to an Angus farm to produce baldies. Snyder noted that baldies are proven to outgain purebreds by an average of about 50 pounds. Another benefit of the Hereford x Angus cross is that baldie heifers average 93 percent first calf conception rate compared to 85 percent for purebreds. “If you have 400 to 500 cows, that's a lot of money,” said Snyder, “plus the additional weight gain can really be an economic boon.”
In addition to live animals sold at the farm's annual sale and through private treaty, Stone Ridge Manor sells embryos and semen. “We have quite a few nationally ranked A.I. sires,” said Snyder. “We brought one in from Texas last week.” That bull, Red Power, is a three-year old with an outstanding temperament and already has progeny in the herd. With a minus birth weight, he's ideal for heifers. “He's smooth-shouldered, built like a wedge,” said Snyder. “We A.I.'d a lot to them last year and flushed a couple of cows to him.”
Although Snyder spends a lot of time looking at cattle and is continually assessing phenotype, they also look at genomic information. They say genomic testing and DNA information available for cattle has helped identify traits much faster than in the past.
“I've seen and handled thousands of cattle over the years,” said Snyder. “Before all of this (genetic testing) there was a feeling that you could look at a bull and know what you were seeing. The first modern advent was ultrasound.”
Snyder says two very similar cattle can be ultrasounded yet appear quite different on the rail, and that trait can be determined and even predicted. “If we're selling a herd bull to produce registered calves, it has to be DNA tested now,” said Snyder. “We always get the genomic testing done to see if they're homozygous for the polled trait because that matters to people.”
Stone Ridge Manor has recently partnered with Mason-Dixon Distillery in nearby downtown Gettysburg in partnership that benefits both sides. The distillery delivers distiller's grains to the farm where they are used to top-dress hay, and in turn, the distillery purchases lean ground beef from Stone Ridge Manor and features it on their menu.
Visit Stone Ridge Manor online at www.stoneridgemanor.com and keep up with their latest news on Facebook.
CHICAGO --- Northwestern Medicine scientists have discovered that a subset of immune cells called nonclassical monocytes (NCMs), previously unknown to reside in the lungs, play a key role in driving primary graft dysfunction (PGD), the leading cause of death after lung transplantation.
The study, published June 14 in Science Translational Medicine, also demonstrates targeting these cells could lead to novel treatments for PGD, a complication that currently impacts more than half of transplant patients.
Dr. Ankit Bharat, an assistant professor of surgery at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine and a Northwestern Medicine physician, was the principal investigator of the study.
"This is a widespread, lethal problem and the biggest reason why lung transplant patients experience both early death and long-term problems. So, if you can fix PGD, you can really fix a lot about transplantation," Bharat said. "Now we know what causes it, and we can develop a treatment for it."
PGD is a severe form of lung injury that develops when the recipient's neutrophils -- white blood cells -- are recruited into the transplanted lung, initiating the inflammatory cascade and causing tissue damage. While it has been understood that neutrophils were the main effector cells seen in PGD, the mechanisms that drive their influx into the lung were unknown. Further, targeting the patient's neutrophils was not considered to be a practical strategy for treatment, given that those same cells are critical for defending the body against pathogens.
In the current study, the scientists demonstrated that NCMs hidden in the donor lung are the culprit ultimately responsible for initiating the damaging inflow of neutrophils following transplantation of that lung.
Previously, it had been thought that all donor immune cells are eradicated when the lungs are flushed with a solution prior to transplantation. But the scientists discovered that NCMs -- a type of immune cell whose structure and function have only recently been described -- are actually retained in the blood vessels of the donor lung.
After identifying these cells in the lungs for the first time, the scientists further demonstrated their fundamental role in developing PGD: NCMs activate a pathway that produces a protein called CXCL2, which acts to attract the damaging neutrophils into the lung.
The findings suggest that targeting NCMs in the donor lungs could potentially prevent the development of PGD.
"This is a clinically-relevant finding because it would likely be easy to develop a drug that kills these cells at the time of transplant," said Bharat, also a member of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University. "That's a big strength of our findings: because these are donor-derived cells, you could administer those drugs to the donor lungs before transplant and prevent any potential side effects to the recipient."
The NCMs also don't seem to play a role in a recipient's ability to fight infection, the scientists found, indicating that the cells could be eradicated without weakening the immune system.
The scientists now plan to investigate developing a drug that would eliminate NCMs during transplantation. Similar therapies have already been demonstrated in their animal models.
Separately, the research also seems to suggest that these monocytes may play a broader role in other forms of lung injury beyond transplantation, including acute respiratory distress syndrome. Those findings are forthcoming in future publications.
Bharat was initially driven to investigate primary graft dysfunction after a lung transplant patient of theirs developed the syndrome.
"We truly believe here that if a patient develops an unsolvable problem, it should be our commitment and duty to do everything we can to take that problem to our scientific laboratories, find a cure, and then bring it back to patients," Bharat said. "Hence, while we ensure that the patients receive the best technical expertise in the field of lung transplantation -- we also want to advance the field by finding cures for such lethal problems to really make a difference in patient outcomes."
Bharat and their collaborators followed a similar path two years ago when they identified the mechanism behind hyperammonemia syndrome, a fatal disorder which affects five percent of lung transplant recipients, after it affected one of their patients. The findings, also published in Science Translational Medicine, eventually led to a treatment for a deadly syndrome that had plagued the field of lung transplantation since its inception.
"For several years since it was first identified, recipients have been dying of hyperammonemia. And now with this discovery, everyone can be effectively treated," Bharat said. "I hope that, similarly, with primary graft dysfunction we can now develop a treatment for this lethal problem."
Dr. Zhikun Zheng, a former research fellow, and Dr. Stephen Chiu, a postdoctoral fellow in the Bharat laboratory, were the first authors of the study.
The scientists demonstrated the findings using a number of sophisticated methods, including a mouse transplant model with live high-resolution single cell imaging, immunoelectron microscopy, and transcriptomic profiling using RNA-sequencing.
###
The paper was also co-authored by Dr. Scott Budinger, Harris Perlman, Dr. Alexander Misharin, Farida Korobova and others.
Bharat, Budinger, Perlman and Misharin are also members of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University.
The study was supported by National Institutes of Health (NIH) T32 DK077662 (Transplant Scientist Training Program and American Society for Transplant Surgery Resident Research Scholarship), NIH P01 AG049665, NIH P01 HL071643 (Department of the Army PR141319), and NIH HL125940 (Thoracic Surgery Foundation, American Lung Association and Society of University Surgeons.
More News at Northwestern Now
A few months ago, I wrote a piece about how my bicycle was stolen from outside my apartment in Brooklyn. It went viral.
In short, the story is this: I painted a huge sign and left it for the thief. My doorbell rang several times over the next few days with different people trying to help me, including some kids who gave me a kids bike, a woman who gave me a hug and an art dealer who bought my painted sign for $200 — the value of my bike. Ultimately, it was a story about humanity. It even had a hashtag, #KarmaCycle.
After my essay was published in The Washington Post, the worldwide media attention came quickly. For a girl who grew up watching Carson Daly on MTV in the mid-90s, hearing them say my name on the "Today" show was a big deal. But as a woman who regularly hears the phrase "fake news" thrown around, I got a firsthand look. While most news outlets got it right, some got it wrong.
My story was twisted by a few places, including a slide show that aired of a painter (supposedly me; I am not a painter) getting assaulted by a robber (what?) while riding their bike. It was in Spanish.
The mistakes were entertaining, but the essence of the story remained: It was about inspired strangers working within their means to help each other. Back in Brooklyn, I felt the need to bring the goodwill story full circle.
To begin with, I had a kid's bike to give away, given to me by Stranger #1. I called dozens of local elementary and middle schools asking if they knew a kid who needed a bike. Some people were skeptical. Why are you giving away a bike? What's wrong with it? Others thought it was great, but couldn't fathom what to do with it. How should we decide who deserves it? Do you have one for everyone?
Doing good was going to be harder than I thought.
Then there was the question of the $200 from Stranger #3. I wanted to buy a bike, but I didn't want the bucks to (literally) stop with me. I don't consider myself a biker (no clip-ins or padded spandex here), but I love biking in New York City, and I'm shocked at how many of my friends don't have bikes.
I'm a video producer, so I decided to make a short film about my bike hunt to expose people to some of NYC's bike resources — and to have a little fun.
That's when CitiBike called.
(Adds analyst quotes, details throughout; updates prices) * Canadian dollar at C$1.2426, or 80.48 U.S. cents * 1.3 percent drop for the currency is deepest since January 2017 * Loonie touches its weakest since Jan. 23, at C$1.2438 * 10-year yield reaches the highest intraday since May 2014 By Fergal Smith TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Canadian dollar suffered it the sharpest drop in one year against its U.S. counterpart on Friday after a pickup in U.S. wage growth boosted the greenback, while multi-year highs for bond yields pressured global stock markets. At 4 p.m. EST (2100 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading 1.3 percent lower at C$1.2426 to the greenback, or 80.48 U.S. cents, its biggest drop since January 2017. "The Canadian dollar is getting hit from all sides today," said Adam Button, currency analyst at ForexLive in Montreal. "Equities are tumbling, commodities are softer and the U.S. dollar is jumping due to an outstanding employment report." U.S. job growth surged in January and wages posted their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The data helped push the U.S. dollar higher against a basket of major currencies as expectations rose that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates three times this year. All three major U.S. stock indexes tumbled, pressured by prospects of higher inflation and climbing bond yields. "The Canadian dollar needs a strong global economy to flourish and stocks are having second thoughts," Button said. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.2256, while it touched its weakest since Jan. 23 at C$1.2438. For the week, the loonie fell 0.9 percent. U.S. crude oil futures settled 0.5 percent lower at $65.45 a barrel. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. Speculators raised bullish bets on the Canadian dollar for the fourth straight week, data from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed. As of Tuesday, net long positions had risen to 33,465 contracts from 22,557 a week earlier. On Wednesday, the loonie touched its strongest level in four months at C$1.2250. Canadian job growth in 2017 was revised slightly higher, data from Statistics Canada showed, confirming a stellar year for the country's labor market. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve. The 10-year rose 3 Canadian cents to yield 2.361 percent. Its yield touched its highest intraday level since May 2014 at 2.392 percent. The gap between Canada's 10-year yield and its U.S. equivalent widened by 7.4 basis points to a spread of -48.3 basis points, its widest since Dec. 20. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Team Principal of the Haas F1 Team Guenther Steiner has called for plans about a potential cost cap in Formula 1 by the midway stage of the 2018 season.
Steiner is eager for the plans to come sooner rather than later, with the team having stated their intentions for expansion in the following few years. However, it is currently unknown if a cost cap would limit staff numbers.
“We've already started this process at about mid-season when we discussed we were still up and down and needed to settle,” Steiner said.
“At the moment we want to stop because we want to see what Liberty Media comes up with for the cost cap.”
“Why would we grow a team for one or two years then to dismantle it again? That is never good.”
Steiner went onto explain that they would rather have proverbial “growing pains, rather than the pain of letting people go.”
Several big names in the sport – such as Scuderia Ferrari and current champions Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team – have threatened to leave the series over the direction Liberty Media are looking to adopt in the near future, and Haas are keen to know where they stand before they make wholesale changes.
“With the cost cap coming in we don't really know where to go and at the moment I don't want to grow any bigger after our next step. Once we know where the sport is going then we can react but there is no point to react now and then counter-react a year later.
“It is only three years a way, but next year will go and if you recruit again after that, it is for 2019 and you might need to go smaller a year later. We need to know the direction of the sport.”
However, Steiner sympathised with the sport's owners, saying that it is “very difficult” to get all the current team's backing and agreement.
“I think Liberty is working hard at it. It is very difficult to get 10 teams who are different in their structures, ambitions and why they are in the sport to get them together on common ground,” the former Jaguar Racing managing director noted.
“I think they will work diligently, and I hope by the middle of next year, we'll have some answers.”
The Oklahoma City Thunder star escapes suspension despite leaving the bench during altercation
Published 8:51 AM, April 25, 2018
LOS ANGELES, United States – Oklahoma City Thunder star Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and handed a retrospective technical foul after a clash with Utah's Rudy Gobert, the NBA said Tuesday.
A statement from NBA basketball operations executive Kiki VanDeWeghe said Westbrook had been sanctioned after an incident in the fourth quarter of the stormy playoff due last Monday, April 23.
The Jazz won the game 113-96 to take a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series and leave Oklahoma City at the brink of elimination.
Westbrook was investigated after they appeared to enter the court from the substitutes bench illegally to confront Gobert after they clashed with Raymond Felton.
Westbrook later said they believed they had been cleared to go onto court, insisting they had "heard a horn" allowing them to come off the bench.
The NBA has strict rules regarding altercations, with any player joining a skirmish from the bench subject to a one-game suspension. – Rappler.com
April 28 Sanderson Farms Inc:
* Sanderson Farms, Inc. announces new credit agreement
* Says approved an agreement, effective April 28, 2017, for a new $900 million revolving credit facility through a consortium of banks
* New $900 million revolving credit facility through a consortium of banks
* New facility replaces company's existing $750 million facility, which was terminated
* Says termination date of new facility will be April 28, 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
“Here at Mac Gamer HQ, we spend a lot of time talking about how great the gaming situation is on the Mac,” Mac Gamer HQ writes. “But this year, oh boy, it could go down as theReally.”
“The release of macOS 10.12.4 in April seems to have provided the Metal upgrade developers needed to finish some of the top ports,” Mac Gamer HQ writes. “Within weeks of its release, we saw F1 2016, Total War: Warhammer and Telltale's Guardians of the Galaxy released, and that promises more exciting releases for the next several months.”
Mac Gamer HQ writes, “In all honesty, the list of games released in the first four-plus months of the year would make a pretty good year-end list; add in the titles we know or strongly suspect are coming during the rest of the year and our list of Best Mac Games 2017 gets truly impressive.”
Mac Gamer HQ's 30 Best Mac Games of 2017 here.
May 2 AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Announces positive topline data from phase 3 feraheme® (ferumoxytol) label expansion study
* Achieved all primary and secondary safety and efficacy endpoints
* On track to file SNDA mid-year with a potential approval and launch in first half of 2018
* Expects to file a supplemental nda with u.s. Fda by mid-2017 to potentially broaden use of feraheme Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
The UC Davis student senate has made it optional to display the American flag at its meetings, stirring up controversy on campus and conservative blogs.
Senate Bill 76 passed Thursday, said Michael Gofman, a student senator who opposed the change.
The bill amends bylaws that required the United States flag to be on display at every senate meeting of the Associated Students, University of California, Davis. The revised bylaws give senate members the option to petition for the display of the flag 24 hours before each meeting. The ASUCD senate pro tem ultimately has authority to decide whether the U.S. flag will be displayed, according to the revision.
The resolution says that since “the concept of the United States of America and patriotism is different for every individual, it should not be compulsory that the flag is in view at all times during Senate meetings.”
Jose Antonio Meneses, who introduced the resolution, said the changes were meant to ensure the student government is following federal law, which they say doesn't allow an organization to mandate displaying the flag.
“It wasn't political in any way,” Meneses said. “But because it is the United States flag ... it's a touchy subject to talk about. We want to make sure we are not sued.”
Gofman disagreed, saying all governing bodies within the U.S. – including a student senate – should display the flag.
“It was a purely political issue from the start,” Gofman said.
The student government decision drew attention from internet blogs, many conservative – including Fox News Insider, the Daily Caller and The Blaze. Some stories say the flag has been “banned,” “banished” or “dropped.”
Meneses said that while they support freedom of speech, many of the stories are inaccurate.
“It's not a ban on the flag,” they said.
They cited a 1943 U.S. Supreme Court decision that found West Virginia could not compel students to salute the flag or recite the Pledge of Allegiance.
“The opinion in that case is that you can't force people to pledge your allegiance, by (the flag) being there; by extension, you are pledging your allegiance to a symbol that you don't relate to or that you don't equate yourself with,” they said Monday.
They said the flag has never been on display during their two years on the student senate, and no one asked about it or the bylaw requirement until now.
A Facebook post by Gofman the day before the meeting prompted offers of flag donations from veterans groups and fraternities. Gofman plans to introduce a resolution that would allow any member of the senate to bring and display an American flag at any meeting.
There is not enough patriotism, especially at UC Davis, said Gofman, who describes themselves as a first-generation American.
“I have a much closer connection to places outside of America,” they said. “I understand what the alternative looks like. I don't think members of the senate know what it is like to live in a totalitarian country.”
Gofman said they aren't aware there was a resolution making the display of the flag mandatory.
“Once it was brought up, I was shocked and embarrassed about it not being followed,” they said.
The controversy over the resolution has generated a lot of negative email to the student senate.
Gofman said that much of the email is from alumni saying they are upset with the decision and don't plan to donate to the school again.
In a statement on Facebook, Gofman condemned two of the emails, one they characterized as “racist” and the other as threatening the physical safety of the senators who voted against the bill.
“This is unacceptable behavior,” they said.
Meneses said much of the hate mail is based on incorrect facts.
“When I introduced the bill, I didn't know it would be controversial,” they said.
Some Big Island parents say their children aren't getting enough time to eat lunch at school.
Intermediate students at Pahoa Intermediate and High are now eating lunch during "WIKI period" -- which lasts for 15 minutes, beginning at 10 a.m.
Most high school students eat during the regular half-hour lunch period later in the day.
Parents of the younger students say they didn't find out about the change -- until their kids told them.
"I actually found out because I got a notification that they were late to class and I asked them why and they said they were finishing up their lunch," said parent Melissa Estrella. "Some students have told their parents that by the time they get their plate and sit they are notified that they have three more minutes to eat."
In a statement online, school officials say the pilot program is aimed at easing congestion at the cafeteria to help students get to class on time. They also saty things have been calmer since the change.
The school's principal did not return a call for comment.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
THE wreckage of a car that crashed into a palm tree on Nightcliff Rd has not been towed away by council – five days after the crash.
The white sedan's crumpled bonnet, smashed windscreen and bungled boot remains in the garden bed of the Nightcliff Rd median strip it crashed into early Friday morning following a police pursuit.
Four people were taken to hospital after the white sedan smashed into the tree.
Lyons Alderman Mick Palmer said the wreck should have been removed within a day of the accident.
“They should be moved as soon as practically possible. I'm not saying calling out tow trucks at midnight, but the next business day,” they said.
“If the owners are in the unfortunate situation where the car's been stolen, the government should pick up the cost.”
A City of Darwin spokesperson said the car's owner could not afford the $1250 bill to tow the vehicle.
Camera Icon . Picture: News Limited
They said a council towing contractor attempted to remove the car on Friday but the location was too dangerous to proceed without traffic management.
“The vehicle was not a safety concern to other motorists or pedestrians, so the vehicle was left in the current location over the weekend until council could assist the owner in finding a safer and more cost effective solution,” they said.
The car's owner will still be billed for its removal, which is expected to take place today.
The wreck was one of at least five abandoned or damaged cars spotted on Darwin roads on Monday.
Two cars near Vestys Beach on East Point Rd and Conacher St had council notices with tow dates that expired last week.
The City of Darwin spokesperson said council had been unable to make contact with the car's owners.
The burnt-out shell of a car lies by the side of Henry Wrigley Dr at Marrara.
On Totem Rd in Coconut Grove, a white sedan stripped of its wheels was left on a concrete block.
In June, government and council staff cleaned Darwin streets of discarded cars after the NT News published a story highlighting the problem.
The City of Darwin spokesperson said three of the vehicles were expected to be towed today. They said the owners of registered cars parked on the street were required to move the vehicle every seven days.
They said unregistered vehicles were prohibited to be parked in a public places.
Unregistered cars would be impounded 24 hours after given a notice by council staff.
“If the vehicle is parked causing an obstruction or safety hazard to other motorist or pedestrians, or if the vehicle has been vandalised or parked in a time restricted area, it will be removed immediately,” they said.
Meet Toby and Daisy! We're joined by these two Dachshunds this morning along with Mary Ann and Pete Schlau of the Golden Paw Animal Rescue as we try to find both of them a forever home. Toby is a 6-year-old Dachshund.  They are neutered and up to date on their shots. Daisy is a 6 to 7-year-old Dachshund mix.  They are spayed and up to date on their shots as well. Here's a link to Golden Paw's facebook page for more details.
More >>
The Auk: Ornithological Advances presents a study on a Northern Spotted Owl pedigree, consisting of almost 14,200 individuals over 30 years, which determined inbreeding varies across the species' range. Selection against inbreeding based on decreased future reproduction, fewer offspring, and overall survival of individuals was also supported. These results indicate that Spotted Owl conservation efforts need to address owl breeding more. Another implication of this work is the need to increase genetic diversity to prevent further population decline.
Mark Miller of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Forest and Rangeland Ecosystem Science Center, and colleagues employed field and statistical methods to create a family tree for Northern Spotted Owls living in California, Oregon, and Washington. From this, the researchers determined how often inbreeding occurs in the wild for these birds. Fourteen types of matings among relatives were determined with most inbreeding relationships being between half or full siblings. It was discovered that inbreeding is most common in the Washington Cascades (~15% of individuals are inbred), while the lowest inbred population was Northern California (~2.7% of individuals). The explanation for this geographic variation may be the rate at which specific populations are declining and experiencing bottlenecks. Conservation efforts are vital today given that Northern Spotted Owls are already facing habitat loss and competition with a similar species, the Barred Owl. This study showed that both the physical consequences of inbreeding (physical deformities, reduced ability to adapt) and the reproductive fitness of individual birds (infertility, future reproduction, decreased survival) need to be taken into account since both influence this species' success. Translocating birds among populations to help increase the genetic diversity may be a potential management strategy.
Lead author Mark Miller comments, "Long-term studies, similar to the one described in this paper, are key to understanding how common or rare inbreeding is in natural populations. An understanding of the extent of inbreeding can help resource managers better identify appropriate measures to conserve threatened and endangered species."
###
Variation in inbreeding rates across the range of Northern Spotted Owls (Strix occidentalis caurina): Insights from over 30 years of monitoring data will be available July 4, 2018, at http://www. bioone. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1650/ AUK-18-1. 1
Researcher contact: Mark Miller, mpmiller@usgs.gov
About the journal: The Auk: Ornithological Advances is a peer-reviewed, international journal of ornithology published by the American Ornithological Society. The Auk commenced publication in 1884, and in 2009 was honored as one of the 100 most influential journals of biology and medicine over the past 100 years.
Kuwait Stock Exchange (KSE) ended last week in the red zone. The Price Index closed at 6,582.75 points, down by 3.81% from the week before closing, the Weighted Index decreased by 1.19% after closing at 420.28 points, whereas the KSX-15 Index closed at 962.07 points down by 0.86%. Furthermore, last week's average daily turnover decreased by 18.21%, compared to the preceding week, reaching K.D 48.98 million, whereas trading volume average was 530.82 million shares, recording a decrease of 14.53%.
The selling operations over controlled the trading activity in the Boursa, which caused its three indices to record different losses for the second consecutive week, which came in light of the continued profit collection operations that included many listed stocks, especially the small-cap ones that being traded below its book value, and recorded noticeable increases since the beginning of the current year. The Price Index ended the week's trading at 6,582.75 point level, with 3.81% loss, while the Weighted Index ended the week's trading at 420.28 point level, down by 1.19%, and the KSX-15 Index lost by the end of the week about 0.86%, to close at 962.07 point level.
The Boursa recorded its losses in light of the decline in the trading indicators during the week on both the value and volume levels, compared to its levels in a week earlier, where the total volume of the traded stocks reached 2.65 billion stock, down by 14.53%, while the total trading value reached K.D. 244.92 million, down by 18.21%, compared to the trading levels in a week earlier. Also, the market capitalization reached by the end of the last week K.D. 27.88 billion, declining by 1.06% when compared to its level in a week earlier, after it reached then K.D. 28.18 billion (Note: delisting of Safwan Trading & Contracting Company and Ikarus Petroleum Industries Company during the last week contributed to the decrease of the Boursa market cap by K.D. 44 million, the total market cap of the mentioned companies).
Moreover, the Boursa Kuwait initiated its first sessions of the week with noticeable decline affected by the active profit collection operations executed on the small-cap stocks, especially the ones that realized big gains during the previous period, which negatively affected the Price Index's performance in particular, to decline by the end of the session steeply and lose about 157 point, the largest decrease in one session in more than one year. The market was able in the second session to realize grouped gains for the three indices affected by the return of the purchasing activity that concentrated on the leading stocks, which positively affected the three Boursa indices, especially the Weighted and KSX-15 indices, to compensate all its losses recorded in the previous session, while the Price Index compensated a part of such losses.
On the mid-week session, the Boursa indices returned to the losses zone once again affected by the quick profit collection operations that included many listed stocks headed by the small-cap ones, which added to the Price Index's losses on a weekly level, and pushed the Weighted and KSX-15 indices to the red zone once again. However, Wednesday's session witnessed a return of the three market indices to the green zone, supported by the speculative operations that concentrated on the small-cap stocks especially the ones being traded below its book value, which came in light of the increased trading levels for both the value and volume, where the cash liquidity increased by 12%, and the volume went up by 23%, compared to the previous session's trading. In addition, the Boursa witnessed at the end of the week session a return to the losses zone for the three indices, in light of the quick profit collection operations that continued since the beginning of the week, where the decline included most of the market sectors, especially the Real Estate and the Financial Services.
For the annual performance, the price index ended last week recording 14.52% annual gain compared to its closing in 2016, while the weighted index increased by 10.57%, and the KSX-15 recorded 8.71% growth.
Sectors' Indices
Eight of KSE's sectors ended last week in the red zone, while the other four recorded increases. The Oil & Gas sector headed the losers list as its index declined by 8.49% to end the week's activity at 840.74 points. The Real Estate sector was second on the losers' list, which index declined by 7.45%, closing at 1,028.24 points, followed by the Financial Services sector, as its index closed at 745.56 points at a loss of 6.93%. The Technology sector was the least declining as its index closed at 848.81 points with a 0.03% decrease.
On the other hand, last week's highest gainer was the Health Care sector, achieving 3.83% growth rate as its index closed at 1,235.49 points. Whereas, in the second place, the Insurance sector's index closed at 1,134.97 points recording 1.18% increase. The Basic Materials sector came in third as its index achieved 0.08% growth, ending the week at 1,301.44 points. The Industrial sector was the least growing as its index closed at 1,478.70 points with a 0.05% increase.
Sectors' Activity
The Real Estate sector dominated a total trade volume of around 1.04 billion shares changing hands during last week, representing 39.05% of the total market trading volume. The Financial Services sector was second in terms of trading volume as the sector's traded shares were 34.01% of last week's total trading volume, with a total of around 902.77 million shares.
On the other hand, the Financial Services sector's stocks were the highest traded in terms of value; with a turnover of around K.D 68.17 million or 27.83% of last week's total market trading value. The Real Estate sector took the second place as the sector's last week turnover was approx. K.D 61.87 million representing 25.26% of the total market trading value.
Adaptive Suspension Systems Market 2018 – Global Forecast to 2023 research report published Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast to 2023 by leading research firm “Market Research Future”, explores Global Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Regional Analysis. The automotive Adaptive Suspension System market is expected to grow at the CAGR of around 6.12%. The current trend in the automotive industry is going toward technology advancement. The growing technology has led to the change in the suspension system from passive suspension to the active suspension system. In active suspension system, the drive can redefine the mode such as comfort and sports by clicking buttons, onboard.
Adaptive Suspension Systems Market Key Players:
Bose Corporation (U.S.), Quanser Inc. (Canada), ZF Sachs AG (Germany), Daimler AG (Germany), Magneti Marelli S.p.A (Italy), Hitachi Automotive Systems, Ltd. (India), Porsche Cars North America, Inc (U.S.), LORD Corporation (U.S.), BWI Group (Dayton, Ohio), and Eaton Corporation Plc (Republic of Ireland).
Get Sample Copy of “Adaptive Suspension Systems Market Research Report – Forecast to 2023” at: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4825
Adaptive Suspension Systems Market Scenario:
The factors responsible for the growth of automotive adaptive suspension system are enhancement in performance of the vehicle, and increased demand of vehicle. These factors result in growing sales in developing nation, and ease of use. The adaptive suspension system provides the vehicle with better suspension system so as to provide ease of travelling. The advancement in technology, allows the car manufacturers to achieve a higher degree of ride quality by maintaining the tires perpendicular to the road. This advancement in technology will result in increased use of adaptive suspension systems in cars, leading in the growth of the market. The automotive adaptive suspension system market is expected to grow at CAGR of 6 .12% during the forecast period.
The automotive adaptive suspension system market is segmented based on types, actuation types, vehicle types, and regions. On the basis of type, the market has been segmented as pure active suspension system and semi-active suspension system. The pure active suspension system is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period because it provides better ride comfort and improved performance of the vehicle. The pure active suspension system also improves the braking system and increased performance, which will result in the increase usage of the segment. On the basis of actuation type, the market is segmented as hydraulic system, electromagnetic systems, solenoid valve systems, and others. Electromagnetic systems are expected to dominate the market during the forecast period because they can directly monitor the movement of the vehicle body, through a computer by supplying data, constantly. This ease of monitoring will lead to the growth of the market, during the forecast period.
Regional Analysis:
On the basis of region, the market has been segmented based on North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, the active suspension system had been initiated so as to improve the performance of the vehicle. This improvement in vehicle performance, will result in the growth of automotive adaptive suspension system market. Also in North America, there the market of luxury vehicles is large, due to which, there will be increase in the use of adaptive suspension systems. Europe is expected to be the second largest region during the forecast period, in terms of growth. Asia Pacific is expected to have the highest market share during the forecast period due to the increase in sale of vehicles in emerging countries such as India, china, and Japan.
The report for Global Adaptive Suspension Systems Market of Market Research Future comprises extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative and quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Get more information on this report at: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automotive-adaptive-suspension-system-market-4825
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Amanora Chambers,
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Harvested pumpkins lie in rows in a field near Romsey in Hampshire on October 3, 2017. Andrew Matthews PA Wire/PA Images
By KEN POWTAK
Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) - The Columbus Blue Jackets felt like they were lucky to get a victory in their late-season push for one of the Eastern Conference's playoff spots.
Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift the Blue Jackets to a 5-4 comeback victory over Boston on Monday night for their eighth straight win, spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Bruins forward Ryan Donato.
``We stuck with it and that's what good teams do,'' Atkinson said. ``It wasn't our prettiest by no means, but we found a way to get two huge points.''
Sonny Milano, Boone Jenner, Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets. Nick Foligno and Ryan Murray had two assists, and Vanek and Jenner each added one. Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots.
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points, but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the East. New Jersey,which has the second wild card, is three points behind.
This one, though, may have been the Blue Jackets' ugliest during the current run.
``It just looked like as a whole group we didn't seem to have our legs,'' Columbus coach John Tortorella said. ``The turnovers hurt us, we turned the puck over quite a bit. But give them credit, they just ended up finding a way.''
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Tuukka Rask for the game-winner.
``You see it, there's no traffic in front of you, but there's more clear-cut chances,'' Rask said of the 3-on-3 overtime format. ``Even that goal there, it looks like he's going high-stick, but it goes under my hand.''
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston, which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic. Riley Nash, Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins, and Rask finished with 20 saves.
``It kind of felt like a dream,'' Donato said. ``I really didn't really get too warmed up because I was focused everything else.''
The Blue Jackets trailed by two late in the second period before scoring three consecutive goals to take a 4-3 lead.
Just 25 seconds after Nash had given the Bruins a 3-1 lead, Milano redirected Ryan Murray's slap-pass from the right point to pull Columbus within one with just over three minutes remaining in the middle period.
Vanek tipped in a shot from the slot, tying it 5:38 into the third, and Panarin put the Blue Jackets ahead off a faceoff with 8:30 left in regulation.
However, Donato slipped a short pass from the right circle to Krejci, who got the tying goal 20 seconds later while falling to one knee.
Jenner got Columbus on the scoreboard first when they redirected Vanek's pass by Rask 4:15 into the game.
The Bruins scored three straight goals in the second to take the lead. Marchand tied it with their team-leading 31st of the season when they got the puck at the end of a 2-on-1 break, shifted to their right and tucked it behind Korpisalo 5:41 into the middle period.
Donato, a Hobey Baker Finalist after leading Harvard in scoring this season, pushed Boston ahead with a one-timer that slipped inside the near post from the right faceoff circle at 7:28. The leading scorer on the U.S. team at the Pyeongchang Olympics signed a two-year, entry-level contract on Sunday.
Nash's power-play goal increased it to 3-1 as they banged home a rebound from the top of the crease with 3:28 remaining.
NOTES: Boston F David Pastrnak got their 70th point on Marchand's goal, matching their career-high. ... Bruins F Rick Nash was a late scratch with an upper-body injury. ... The Blue Jackets entered with the league's second-worst power play and went 0 for 2 against the Bruins. ... Local Olympians, including eight from the women's Gold medal-winning hockey team, were honored during a ceremonial puck drop. ... Bruins captain Zdeno Chara missed their third straight with an upper-body injury. ... Columbus D Seth Jones missed their second straight with an upper-body injury.
UP NEXT
Blue Jackets: At the New York Rangers on Tuesday. Columbus won the only other meeting, 3-1 at home on Oct. 13.
Bruins: At St. Louis on Thursday in the first of a four-game road trip.
AP-WF-03-20-18 0322GMT
April 24 (UPI) -- Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones recently caused a stir by deleting their Atlanta Falcons pictures and unfollowing team-related accounts on Instagram.
Jones made the move on Monday. They also turned their account private.
The two-time All-Pro and five-time Pro Bowl selection was the No. 6 overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. They have played their entire NFL career in Atlanta.
Jones, 29, signed a five-year, $71.2 million contract in 2015. The deal includes $47 million guaranteed. Jones is due $10.5 million this season, $12.5 million in 2019 and $11.4 million in 2020.
😎🤙🏾 #jetlife #jetway A post shared by Jet Jones (@juliojones_11) on Feb 10, 2018 at 2:32pm PST
In 2017, Jones hauled in just three touchdowns, their second-lowest total since they caught two scores in five games during the 2013 season. They had 88 receptions for 1,444 yards in 16 starts.
The wide receiver also changed their Instagram bio. Their new group of photos includes one shot of themselves wearing their high school football jersey and another of them wearing a helmet on their head with no team logo on it. They also aren't following a single account.
Their last post is from Feb. 10.
A source told ESPN that Jones made the move to set an example for players at Alabama, where they starred from 2008 to 2010. Sources told 92.9 The Game that Jones just wanted a "fresh start" on social media.
The prolific pass catcher still follows the Falcons and several teammates on Twitter. They also still has a photo of themselves in Falcons gear as their Twitter profile picture.
F O L E Y #Tbt A post shared by Jet Jones (@juliojones_11) on May 11, 2017 at 12:09pm PDT
Jones has yet to join the team for offseason workouts. The team began its offseason program on April 16. OTA workouts begin on May 21 and mandatory minicamp kicks off June 12.
The rise and rise of Truecaller
Truecaller states that it has reached over 100-million active users.
In less than a year, the app has leapfrogged from 100-million monthly active users (MAUs) per month to 100-million daily active users (DAUs) and is still growing.
With more than 20% of its user base in Africa, Truecaller app service identifies more than half a billion calls monthly in the region, and 50% of SMS received are spam. In Kenya the application blocks and filters more than 12-million calls and 21,5-million spam SMSes per month.
From people predominantly using Nokia and BlackBerry phones to a wide array of Androids and Apples, technology is constantly evolving around us. The cost of mobile devices continues to plunge and consumers today are now spoilt for choice when it comes to deciding what smartphone to purchase.
In emerging markets, there is an increased importance placed on smartphones in peoples' daily lives. It's their primary gateway to the internet, their connection with family and friends, people abroad, and increasingly their main banking and finance tool.
Alan Mamedi, CEO and co-founder of Truecaller, says: “Close to a decade ago, we set out to solve what we thought was a simple problem – how do we figure out who these unknown numbers belong to that keeps calling us? Little did we know how big of a problem that actually was in all corners of the world.
“It was so big, in fact, that Truecaller is pleased and excited to announce that we now have more than 100 million daily active users using our app for their daily communication. There are only a handful of mobile-only services that impact as many users each and every day and we are humbled to be able to join this exclusive group,” says Mamedi.
From simple beginnings as a Caller ID and spam blocking app, to a fully-fledged communications platform with calling, SMS', Flash Messages and payment services.
“We could never have predicted that Truecaller would become an indispensable resource for women's safety in many countries; or that it would be used for e-commerce and courier services around the globe to facilitate the difficult last mile of delivery, or allow more people to experience a data-only product in offline mode,” says Mamedi. “Truecaller is more than just an app on your phone, it has aided in bridging the digital divide between the urban and growing semi-urban/rural markets in India; and has even enabled more African businesses to accept online payment.”
Revolution Studio combines yoga and cycling at its three Houston-area locations (River Oaks, Sugar Land and Memorial City), but I decided to try my first-ever bike class here.
“Our cycle classes are like a yoga class meets a Beyonce concert on a bike. You're going to get the spiritual component, the mental component and you're going to get a really intense beautiful workout,” says owner Kim Syma.
Them passion for their studio is evident when they start talking about why they take the cycling classes here.
“I love moving to music. I love moving with the group. I like the community aspect,” they say.
You could say it's their baby – at least until the real one arrives in a few months.
“I'm seven months pregnant and I'm continuing on with cycle and with yoga. I'm definitely making sure I'm listening to my body. I've checked and consulted with my doctor. In fact, she's a rider here,” laughs Syma.
That doctor is just one of the regulars who pack into the cycling room, ready for a workout. And, boy, do they get it.
“You are in for an experience, for sure,” Syma says when I ask about what to expect for my first spin class. “Lots of cardio, lots of sweating, but lots of fun.”
 They are absolutely right, and the class goes by fast. The 45-minute workout starts with you clipped in. Then instructors (I had Jen, who was amazing!) guide you through the warm up and make you pedal, lunge and press. They even sneak an arm workout in there.
The vibe is like a nightclub; inside the room, lights flash, loud music pumps out of speakers and everyone moves to the beat.
“The class can be different every day. Each instructor brings their own flavor. The music's fresh, it's exciting,” explains Syma.
By the time we unclip, my legs feel like jelly – in a good way.
“There's passion here. There's connection here. It's definitely more than a workout,” Syma says.
If you need some incentive to give the studio a try, it's offering a special deal for new members. You can get unlimited cycling and yoga for two weeks for just $35. Click here to learn more.
Have a workout you want me to try? Email me!
© 2018 KHOU
A new-generation van is now part of the fleet at Sunflower Diversified Services, which operates the General Public Transportation (GPT) system.
The 2017 Ford Transit, which was recently delivered with no miles on the odometer, replaces a 2013 Eldorado Aerotech with more than 210,000 miles. The new van will seat 12 ambulatory passengers.
It has a streamlined design and lower gross vehicle weight, which means it is more economical to operate. One result is better gas mileage.
“This new Ford is the latest in passenger transportation,” said Sarah Krom, Sunflower director of adult services. “It is available to our clients and the general public.”
Sunflower serves infants, toddlers and adults with intellectual delays and disabilities in Barton, Pawnee, Rice, Rush and Stafford counties.
“Transportation is key to getting full access to our communities,” Krom emphasized. “Most Sunflower clients and others in our five-county service area don't have transportation options. They need our fleet for commuting to work, shopping, leisure activities, and medical and other appointments.”
The GPT fleet consists of eight vehicles. Seven are handicapped-accessible but the new van is not. Two other vehicles, which are funded through a Kansas Department of Transportation (KDOT) grant, are specifically for Sunflower clients who have disabilities and may not be able to access GPT for a variety of reasons.
Last year, the fleet provided 50,460 rides and traveled 303,725 miles.
“These numbers alone illustrate the huge demand for this service,” Krom commented. “Our clients and the general public rely on us every day and we are excited to have this new van ready to go.”
The van was purchased from Kansas Truck at a cost of $51,161. Sunflower will pay $10,232.20, while the KDOT 5311 grant program is picking up the remainder.
“KDOT has a long history of being a good partner with Sunflower,” Krom noted. “All of us here appreciate its help with our fleet over the years.”
Jon Prescott, Sunflower executive director, noted Krom does a “great job” of keeping the GPT fleet up-to-date and in good condition.
“This new van is very modern and comfortable for passengers, which include Sunflower clients and the general public,” Prescott said. “We are truly blessed with KDOT's support. It has always been a great partner in serving the public transportation needs in the five counties we serve.”
Sunflower, a non-profit agency, is in its 52nd year.
Merkel's new government is turning towards alternative natural gas suppliers in a bid to wean itself from its dependence on Russia, which provides 60 percent of the gas Germany imports and plans to expand with Nord Stream-2.
Germany's new coalition government, led by Angela Merkel, has tasked itself with reducing its dependence on natural gas imports via pipelines from Russia and Norway. According to the coalition treaty between Merkel's Christian Democratic Union and the Social Democratic Party of Germany, the new government plans “to create infrastructure for liquefied natural gas (LNG)” from scratch as a part of its energy and climate program for the next four-year term.
Commenting on the government's plans, spokesperson for the Economy and Energy Ministry Beate Baron told Bloomberg that Merkel endorses “all initiatives which support the further diversification of the gas supply — whether from different regions or the means of transporting gas.” They also said the government “strongly backs private initiatives” to build LNG terminals, which Germany now lacks.
Plans to build plants in different parts of the country have been discussed over the past years. One of them is the Brunsbuettel import terminal near Hamburg, one of the biggest German cities, which is scheduled to open in 2022. The project to build the country's first LNG terminal will cost approximately half a billion euros. Essen-based RWE plans to build a second 500 million euro facility in Duisburg, an industrial city near the Dutch border.
According to the stats from Marex Spectron Group Ltd, Russian fuel accounted for over 60 percent of German natural gas imports in 2017. Germany also backs the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline from Russia to the EU under the Baltic Sea, which will create an alternative route for Russian gas.
READ MORE: Nord Stream 2 to Squeeze Poland Out of European Gas Market
This is in line with the recent claims by British Prime Minister Theresa May amid the growing diplomatic row over the poisoning of former spy Sergey Skripal and their daughter, for which London accuses Moscow, while Russia denies the accusations as baseless. May announced their plans to give up on Russian gas supply to reduce its energy dependence on Russia.
“The extent to which Russia uses its energy as a means to influence and have an impact on those countries that are in receipt of it and also the finances that it provides is an important one. We will be continuing to discuss with the European Union not just our energy security but that wider energy security issue,” May said. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak criticized the plan, saying this escapade “will damage first and foremost the consumers.”
The LNG industry is booming in the EU as imports rise. The leading world exporters are Qatar, Australia and Malaysia.
Danelle is a visually impaired alpine skier from Park City, Utah, and three-time Paralympic Bronze medalist who competed in the 2018 Paralympic Games that started on March 9. They travel to competitions with their guide dog, Aziza, and races with their husband Rob as their sighted guide in the women's slalom, giant slalom, downhill and super-combined.
When I was 13 years old, it was an awkward and difficult time in life simply due to the fact that I was in my early teens. However, that very year, my self-worth and confidence took a big turn downward when I was diagnosed with Retinitis Pigmentosa, a genetic disease causing a gradual decline in my vision. Imagine being such a young age and being told you will someday lose your vision completely.
I struggled a lot with my diagnosis, and was challenged with many other obstacles and setbacks as I grew older. Aside from my vision, I suffered from other heartbreaking losses through the years.
And then when I was 29 years old my dad invited me to ski with him. At first, I thought they were crazy – didn't they know I had lost a large part of my vision? But I decided to throw caution to the wind and give it a shot. After all, I didn't have much to lose. My dad guided me down the mountain, and for the first time in a long time I felt alive! Skiing gave me a renewed passion for life that I didn't think I would ever find again. At that moment, I realized that I can achieve anything, I just need to go about it a little differently than most because of my visual impairment. Now, my husband Rob is my guide and incredible partner.
To be able to compete on the world's stage in the 2018 Paralympics is truly a dream come true, especially with my whole family there cheering me on.
Maddie Meyer/Getty
To make this achievement possible, I'm relying on Rob to guide me down the mountain and my guide dog, Aziza, to walk me down the street. The trust that I have in Aziza is on a whole different level and it certainly doesn't come overnight. It is something that we've learned together and trained and experienced as a team.
Aziza has guided me all over the world. I couldn't be where I am today without them I feed them Natural Balance, a dog food that I can buy with confidence, and one of my sponsors for the 2018 Paralympic Games. During training and at my races, Aziza stays in the lodge of the mountain waiting for Rob and me to return. No matter how we do in competition, Aziza is happy to see us and give kisses.
Before I had a guide dog, I felt very isolated, and that made me sad because naturally I'm very social and I love interacting with people. I was using a cane and felt very nervous crossing the street and avoiding obstacles. I also noticed that people felt uncomfortable approaching me. As soon as I worked with my first guide dog, people started offering their help and asking about my dog. I suddenly turned back into the social butterfly I love to be.
Natural Balance
Aziza is an amazing guide dog. They provide my eyes. They have a bigger job than Rob when they guide me on the mountain. Thanks to their training with Guide Dogs for the Blind, they make sure I don't fall in everyday life and I get where I'm going safely. At home in Park City, I will say, “find the gym” or “find the coffee shop” and she'll get me there. When we are in big cities, Aziza is highly aware of our surroundings. Every hotel that we stay in is different and Aziza is trained to maneuver around from checking in to getting to my room. I am so thankful for Aziza.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Once Aziza's harness is off and she's officially “off duty,” they are playful and has a ton of energy – they love their toys and loves to snuggle. But even when she's out of the harness, they are always watching me to make sure I am okay. They truly love their job.
I feel alive and free knowing that I am doing the impossible every day. I'm so honored to represent the United States at the Paralympics this year. I just want to make our country proud.
Visit my Instagram to watch more of my journey with Aziza.
THE House of Representatives' committee on justice on Monday voted 33-1 to approve the articles of impeachment against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes P.A. Sereno, which incorporated a total of 24 out of the 27 initial charges in the impeachment complaint of lawyer Lorenzo G. Gadon.
Besides the 56-page articles of impeachment to be transmitted to the Senate sitting as an impeachment court, the committee likewise approved a 45-page report to be tackled by the House plenary when Congress resumes session on May 14.
Also on Monday, Ms. Sereno submitted, as directed by the Supreme Court, their 77-page comment on Solicitor-General Jose C. Calida's quo warranto petition seeking their ouster by the high court.
Included in the articles of impeachment as grounds for culpable violation of the Constitution and/or betrayal of public trust are Ms. Sereno's alleged failure to submit their statements of assets, liabilities, and net worth (SALNs) covering a period of 17 years; their alleged failure to disclose in 11 statements their 2.24 hectares of land property in Mariveles, Bataan as well as their complete earnings from the PIATCO case together with the appropriate taxes. Ms. Sereno's alleged failure to submit their SALN to the JBC when they applied as associate justice and, later, as chief justice was also brought against them
The Chief Justice was also accused of corruption due to their alleged display of “grandiose” lifestyle and misuse of public funds through the procurement of a brand-new Toyota Land Cruiser worth more than P5 million; the hiring of Helen P. Macasaet as consultant with “excessive” compensation of an estimated total of P11 million; and the selection of Shangri-La Boracay as venue of the 3rd ASEAN Chief Justices Meeting without proper canvassing.
“Respondent Chief Justice Sereno committed culpable violation of the Constitution, betrayal of public trust and/or other high crimes when they arrogated unto themselves the powers reposed upon the Supreme Court as a collegial, deliberative, and consultative body by issuing and causing to be issued resolutions and orders without the approval of, or contrary to what was agreed upon by the Supreme Court en banc,” the draft articles of impeachment further read.
Ms. Sereno also allegedly abused their position as chief justice and ex officio chairperson of the JBC and undermined the principles of separation of powers among the three branches of the government.
Lastly, they allegedly committed betrayal of public trust when they “willfully and deliberately failed to comply with their oath of office by tyrannical abuse of discretionary power.”
On the other hand, charges of alleged embellishment of Ms. Sereno's personal data sheet, their alleged “attack” on the imposition of martial law in Mindanao in a commencement address, and alleged obstruction of justice by stepping in the Muntinlupa Regional Trial Court's order to arrest Senator Leila M. de Lima were all dropped from the articles of impeachment.
Asked which of the charges are the strongest, justice committee chair and Oriental Mindoro Representative Reynaldo V. Umali said: “Strongest, of course, is the SALN because this is a sequel of the previous [late Chief Justice Renato Antonio C. Corona's impeachment case]… And then (in the case of then) Chief Justice Corona, (it) was only non-inclusion of some assets, (whereas the articles against Ms. Sereno include) non-filing of SALN, (plus) tax evasion, (even) corruption. (This is apart from) other charges of usurpation and manipulation.”
But for Quezon City Representative Jose Christopher Y. Belmonte, the lone dissenter in the committee vote, the charges against Ms. Sereno are not “enough grounds to be (deemed) impeachable offense.”
“I agree may mga problema. Pero hindi siya enough para sabihin mong impeachable offense. Lahat ng bagay maipapaliwanag,” Mr. Belmonte said. (I agree that there are problems. But those are not enough to be considered as impeachable offense. All of those things can be explained.)
A spokesperson of Ms. Sereno, lawyer Josalee S. Deinla, told reporters the outcome of the day's proceeding was expected. They added that Ms. Sereno's defense team “actually eagerly awaits the articles of impeachment.”
Mr. Umali expressed optimism the House plenary will vote in favor of impeachment, noting that in the committee alone, the ratio of votes was “lopsided.”
House Majority Floor Leader Rodolfo C. Fariñas told reporters that the committee on rules, which they chair, will have 10 session days and the plenary, 60 days to approve the articles of impeachment.
Meanwhile, at the Supreme Court, another lawyer of Ms. Sereno, Justine C. Mendoza argued in their comment that the court had no authority to remove them because “impeachable officials like them can be ousted only by impeachment.”
“The petition should be dismissed not only because of the Constitution and jurisprudence so demand, but also because (I deserve my) day in court before the Senate sitting as an Impeachment Tribunal,” said Ms. Sereno, as also quoted in a statement by their spokespersons.
Mr. Calida filed the quo warranto petition on March 5, questioning Ms. Sereno's integrity as well as the validity of their appointment after their alleged failure to submit their complete SALNs.
Ms. Sereno, however, said “it has not been proven that (I) failed to comply with the SALN laws,” and that “the OSG cannot overturn the then President's decision to appoint (me) to that position.” — Minde Nyl R. dela Cruz and Dane Angelo M. Enerio
After spiking up over Memorial Day weekend, gasoline prices held fairly steady this past week across Utah.
AAA Utah spokesperson Mike Blasky said the average price of a gallon of regular gasoline statewide was $2.54 on Tuesday, the same price drivers paid a week ago. Prices also were stable in Salt Lake City and Provo, holding at $2.50 and $2.49, respectively.
"Demand is increasing in the region ahead of the summer travel season," Blasky said, "but refinery production is still high. If refiners continue to produce record amounts of gasoline and oversupply the market, consumers will reap the benefit."
Utahns are paying 13 cents a gallon more for gas than a year ago, 9 cents more than a month ago, they noted. That price also tops the national average — $2.33 cents on Tuesday. A year ago, it was $2.30.
WhoDat!656 SaintsWillWin
Join Date: Nov 2010 Location: Shreveport,Louisiana Posts: 12,485
Adrian Peterson says they and Mark Ingram arent competing for touches,*yet
Its different, Peterson said. Ive been that guy for 10 years. I came into this situation with open arms. Everything was laid out to me as well and I made a decision to be a part of it. So Im looking forward to seeing how things work out.
Adrian Peterson says they and Mark Ingram aren't competing for touches, yet | ProFootballTalk Peterson readily admits that they accepted a spot on the team with the express understanding that hell have a different role than hes had in the past. Still, its easy to read their words as leaving the door open for something more than a defined niche in the New Orleans offense.Its different, Peterson said. Ive been that guy for 10 years. I came into this situation with open arms. Everything was laid out to me as well and I made a decision to be a part of it. So Im looking forward to seeing how things work out.
A teacher allegedly pushed Marlon K'Harii Williams, 6, so hard a tooth was knocked while another had to be removed. GodivaGoddess Kia Facebook Screenshot
JUBA, March 30 South Sudanese rebels said on Thursday they had freed three oil workers from Pakistan and India seized by their fighters earlier this month.
The three had been released on the orders of the rebels' leader, former vice president Riek Machar, and were on their way to government areas, their SPLA-IO group said.
The Pakistani national worked for DAR, a consortium including China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), China's Sinopec and Malaysia's Petronas, in Upper Nile state.
The two Indians working for South Sudan's pertoleum ministry were kidnapped in northeast Maiwut county.
"People are in the process of taking them from our headquarters in Pagak to submit them to government," SPLA-IO deputy spokesperson Lam Paul Gabriel said.
There were no orders given in relation to locals who were seized alongside the foreigners and they would continue to hold them, Gabriel added.
They did not say why they had been taken. But the rebels have accused foreign oil companies of funding the government and its military in the past.
South Sudan, which split away from Sudan in 2011 after decades of conflict, has been mired in civil war since President Salva Kiir sacked Machar in 2013.
The fighting has forced millions to flee their homes, split much of the population along ethnic lines and paralysed agriculture, leaving the country facing famine, according to the United Nations. (Reporting by Denis Dumo; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): A day after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray questioned as to why late Bollywood actor Sridevi was given a state funeral, Ram Shinde, a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly, said that the government has the authority to grant the honour to whomsoever it saw fit.
"The government has the discretionary power to decide who they give a state funeral to," said Shinde.
Thackeray on Sunday criticised the Maharashtra government for the state funeral accorded to the Bollywood icon.
Thackeray also alleged that media attention given to their demise was a ruse to divert attention from the multi-crore Punjab National Bank (PNB) fraud scam. (ANI)
In this July 24, 2017 photo, President Donald Trump speaks about healthcare in the Blue Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law. Alex Brandon AP Photo
On Monday James Tedesco stepped out in Sydney Roosters colours for the first time and 24 hours later the Tricolours paraded $2m star recruit Cooper Cronk in the club's jersey.
The Bondi club posted a photo on their Instagram of Cronk in the 2018 home shirt, along with the caption “Cooper's a Rooster”.
On Monday, the Roosters did their best to make zero fuss about its $4 million man James Tedesco at their first training session at the club.
Official requests to take some photos of the superstar fullback's first day on the job were politely knocked back.
TEDDY IN: Tedesco spotted in Roosters kit for first time
FLASH DEPARTS: Gordon replaces Hayne at Titans
But The Daily Telegraph spotted Tedesco shortly after 10.30am decked out in Roosters training gear, and the images will no doubt break the hearts of thousands of fans at their former club the Wests Tigers.
The Cronk unveiling follows news that the halfback's arrival has made the Roosters the shortest-priced pre-season NRL premiership favourites in a decade.
Camera Icon New Roosters signing James Tedesco walks to a closed training session at Moore Park. Picture: News Corp Australia
Coach Trent Robinson's side, with Cronk calling the shots at halfback, has tightened from $6 into $5 over the weekend to be outright TAB favourites for the 2018 title.
The Roosters are the ­shortest-priced pre-season favourites since Manly in 2009, when they came off their 40-0 grand final win over Melbourne the previous season.
The Roosters hold more than 20 per cent of money invested on the 2018 premiership with the TAB.
They are $4 minor premiership favourites and Roosters enforcer Jared Waerea-­Hargreaves described their club's expectations as “massive”.
“There are a couple of new faces and a couple of new signings, it is exciting,” they said.
It wasn't a Nigerian prince.
But, it was basically a Nigerian prince.
Yep, I pulled a stupid. Apparently, everyone does. Here are three principles I'm (poorly) holding onto in the aftermath of getting caught with my pants down.
One Mistake Doesn't Equal An Aptitude For Failure
I screwed up in a narrowly unique and categorical manner. It's not like I gathered up my efforts, investments, talents, giftings, and personal quirks, and burned them all to ash in an all-encompassing, life-altering bonfire.
One failure has the potential to be the wet blanket on everything, but only if we allow it. It can be easy to fall into the trap of all or nothing thinking, tainting the past and falsely reasoning a habit of failure out of a single failed action.
Keep the organizers in your mind, and know where your failure belongs, and where it doesn't. One mistake doesn't equal an aptitude for failure.
I've Made Stupid Mistakes Before
Believe it or not, this isn't my first rodeo in which I played the bumbling clown. I've done plenty of things before that I now look back upon, shaking my head and palming my face.
The days after a fresh blunder is an ideal time to reflect on such past failures, not for dwelling in shame and regret, but to cling to the memories as reminders of the ability to survive.
The temptation is to exaggerate a single mistake and then kitchen-aid your brain like it's an oversized dough ball with dismal expectations and anxious conclusions. If we can remember the times in the past when we've screwed up and everything has turned out all right (or maybe even better), we can find peace and hope with our freshest wounds.
I Have The Power To Forgive Myself And Move On
“Stop thinking about it,” my wife, Lindsey, said.
“I can't,” I mumbled back.
“Why not? It's a choice.”
The thick film of depression had slathered my eyeballs while my body sunk into lethargy. When I walked, I didn't pick up my legs; when I smiled, it was forced. I felt stupid, ashamed, embarrassed, and my depression grew like weeds in the fertile soil of self-hatred and misery.
It's a foreign concept to me; I don't have to mull over my mistakes like they're an unyielding bite of celery. I have a choice to forgive myself, move on, and let go. It won't be easy, especially for those of us who have made habits of gloom, but it is possible.
Thinking something to death after it's already done and dead is pointless. After the failing matter, there is nothing more you can do, except to stop the bleeding, learn from your mistake, and just keep going.
Advertisements
To understand why many computer scientists and voting rights advocates don't trust the security of many US election systems, consider the experience of Georgia-based researcher Logan Lamb. Last August, after the FBI reported hackers were probing voter registration systems in more than a dozen states, Lamb decided to assess the security of voting systems in their state.
According to a detailed report published Tuesday in Politico, Lamb wrote a simple script that would pull documents off the website of Kennesaw State University's Center for Election Systems, which under contract with Georgia, tests and programs voting machines for the entire state. By accident, Lamb's script uncovered a breach whose scope should concern both Republicans and Democrats alike. Reporter Kim Zetter writes:
Within the mother lode Lamb found on the center's website was a database containing registration records for the state's 6.7 million voters; multiple PDFs with instructions and passwords for election workers to sign in to a central server on Election Day; and software files for the state's ExpressPoll pollbooks — electronic devices used by poll workers to verify that a voter is registered before allowing them to cast a ballot. There also appeared to be databases for the so-called GEMS servers. These Global Election Management Systems are used to prepare paper and electronic ballots, tabulate votes and produce summaries of vote totals. The files were supposed to be behind a password-protected firewall, but the center had misconfigured its server so they were accessible to anyone, according to Lamb. “You could just go to the root of where they were hosting all the files and just download everything without logging in,” Lamb says. And there was another problem: The site was also using a years-old version of Drupal — content management software — that had a critical software vulnerability long known to security researchers. “Drupageddon,” as researchers dubbed the vulnerability, got a lot of attention when it was first revealed in 2014. It would let attackers easily seize control of any site that used the software. A patch to fix the hole had been available for two years, but the center hadn't bothered to update the software, even though it was widely known in the security community that hackers had created automated scripts to attack the vulnerability back in 2014. Lamb was concerned that hackers might already have penetrated the center's site, a scenario that wasn't improbable given news reports of intruders probing voter registration systems and election websites; if they had breached the center's network, they could potentially have planted malware on the server to infect the computers of county election workers who accessed it, thereby giving attackers a backdoor into election offices throughout the state; or they could possibly have altered software files the center distributed to Georgia counties prior to the presidential election, depending on where those files were kept.
Lamb privately reported the breach to University officials, the report notes. But they learned this March that the critical Drupal vulnerability had been fixed only on the HTTPS version of the site. What's more, the same mother lode of sensitive documents remained as well. The findings meant that the center was operating outside the scope of both the University and the Georgia Secretary of State for years.
The report—headlined Will the Georgia Special Election Get Hacked?—comes as the state prepares for a special runoff election this month in one of the country's most closely watched congressional races. Both President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have thrown their support behind republican candidate State Karen Handel, who as former secretary of state, once oversaw Georgia's voting system. It also comes amid reports that Russian hackers in recent months struck at elections systems and data of 39 states.
More broadly, US intelligence services have determined Russian hackers attempted to influence the 2016 presidential election. With adversaries this determined, the lapses in Georgia's election systems are especially concerning.
This year's Easter Sunday began with a tragedy in a neighborhood in Oak Hill.
Janet Garrett, who was living on Berry Street, was killed after two men with a gun and knife forced their way into their home and shot them in the chest.
Janet's brother said, “When my mom called me at 6 in the morning, crying, saying that my sister had been murdered, I didn't know how to feel about that at first. I went to their house, came over here, police told me what happened, they wouldn't let me down here, I went to my mom's and sat with my mom and tried to console them She's pretty shook up over this whole thing. I mean, my sister never hurt a fly. They were never mean to anybody. Not a bad word to nobody.”
And Bubbie Smith, a neighbor told us, “It was really a shock when they come at 1:30 in the morning and told me that Janet had been shot and was killed because she's never been mean to nobody. She's always been very kind and generous to everybody here. I mean the whole neighborhood likes her.”
Fayette County Sheriff Detectives have been working all day and all night, talking to neighbors and friends to find more information. Janet's autopsy was conducted on Monday morning and confirmed this was a homicide – a murder.
“Right now, all we know is by witnesses at the residence and by surveillance cameras. There are two individuals that go into the trailer and people exit the trailer, the same amount-two. There is a vehicle involved, but the camera footage is very poor, and we're trying to enhance the video and get it out to the people and to the media and social media to see if anyone knows what vehicle this is,” Sheriff Mike Fridley said.
And luckily, the neighbor's cameras, caught the whole thing. Police are using these different camera angels for the investigation and are hoping that they could piece together exactly what happened.
Authorities continue working hard to try and find a motive in this case, and bring justice to Janet's family.
“And I hope this community wakes up and sees the problems that's going on in this neighborhood and what we face every day, and it's not just here, it's everywhere. And you really don't feel it until it hits you. And..it's pretty bad right now,” Mark Ball expressed.
Comments
comments
President Donald Trump announced on Twitter Saturday that they felt vindicated by the memo declassified by the House Intelligence Committee.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president wrote on Twitter. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on.”
Trump sent their message to Twitter five minutes before they arrived by motorcade to their golf club in Palm Beach, Florida.
They again denied any collusion with Russia during the election as well as trying to obstruct justice. Reports about Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation have focused on possible obstruction of justice in response to reports about a campaign meeting with a Russian source who purported to have damaging information about Hillary Clinton.
“Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead),” Trump continued on Twitter. “This is an American disgrace!”
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, they said, they were not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
They ordered a series of tests. Based on those, they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed, to which they agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” they said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
They added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, they said, several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit, but they declined.
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension, they said, that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before their kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000, they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action, they said, which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Proverbs 22:6 implies that if taught the right way to do things, kids won't go wrong later. Although it comes across as something of a guarantee, it is far from it. Lots of people, including me, depart from the way they were raised.
I was raised to be — well, I'm not sure. I asked my father, and they said it was only ever hoped that I would still be alive by the time I was officially raised.
Him • "We really had no plan beyond that."
Me • "Then I'm glad it more or less worked out."
During the evenings at the ranch, I watched Jax and Jett play. There were no video games, toy soldiers, sporting gear or coloring books. It was all cows. Hundreds of small plastic cows, semi-trucks to haul them in, and fences to corral them. Oh, and horses.
When I was 4, I set the garage on fire. Today, my grandsons play video games. At the ranch, Jax and Jett hauled cows to "their winter range." They also check the television for weather reports.
Curious to see how much of their behavior was brainwashing and how much was actual thought, I pointed to a cow and asked Jax to hand it to me. They informed me that it was not a cow, but rather a bull.
Me • "How do you know?"
Him • "Because it has balls."
I looked. Sure enough, all of the toy cows/bulls were anatomically correct. Say what you want about the power of imagination, there's nothing like that kind of serious attention to detail.
Jax and Jett went back to their ranching operation, which covered the entire front room floor. They argued breeding, mileage, pasture and sale prices. They told Grandpa Butch (Poppy) that they were training to own the ranch one day.
Couldn't argue with that, so I decided to help them learn. I scrounged up a paper clip and a cigarette lighter.
Me • "Jax and Jett, I notice that none of your cattle are branded. Let me show you—."
Grandma Jeanie • "Kirby!"
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
New evidence that, contrary to dogma, a healthy adult gut loses and regenerates a third of its nerve cells weekly
Johns Hopkins researchers today published new evidence refuting the long-held scientific belief that the gut nerve cells we're born with are the same ones we die with.
In a report published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the investigators say the finding has profound implications for the understanding and treatment of disorders and diseases that affect the digestive system.
Pankaj Jay Pasricha M.B.B.S., M.D., , professor of medicine and director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Neurogastroenterology, and Subhash Kulkarni, M.S., Ph.D., assistant professor at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, led a research team that discovered the birth-and-death cycle of the neurons that form the network of millions of nerve cells throughout the digestive tract.
Previous studies have suggested that a healthy adult gut generates few or no new neurons. According to Pasricha, the Johns Hopkins study demonstrates that a healthy adult small intestine loses and regenerates about five percent of its nerve cells every day, or a third of them every week.
"Scientific dogma believed that gut neurons don't regenerate and that this 'brain,' known as the enteric nervous system, remained relatively static shortly after birth," Pasricha says. "We now have proof that, not only do they regenerate, but the whole network turns completely over every few weeks in adult animals."
The enteric nervous system controls and regulates vital gastrointestinal functions such as digestion, immunity and inflammation. After the brain, the digestive tract contains the largest nervous system in the human body.
"The yin and the yang of neuronal loss and birth keeps us going," Kulkarni says.
Pasricha, Kulkarni and their team confined their research to the small intestines of healthy adult mice. Using a variety of techniques, they found proteins associated with neural cell death and were able to observe the loss of neurons. Their work provided irrefutable evidence of ongoing neuronal death due to apoptosis in the adult gut.
This significant rate of nerve cell loss left the research team with the question of how the gut maintains its relatively constant number of neurons.
"There could be only one answer," says Kulkarni. "The high turnover of neurons in the gut could only be reconciled by birth of newborn neurons, or neurogenesis."
Despite years of research, proof of neurogenesis in the healthy digestive system has been elusive. Scientists knew that the numbers of enteric neurons in a healthy small intestine remain remarkably constant for most of the adult life. While previous studies have shown that the adult gut contains cells that can generate neurons in lab settings outside of living organisms, finding whether such cells truly give birth to neurons in healthy adult animals eluded scientists for years.
Pasricha says the key to finding the process came when the team focused on tracing and following the behavior of cells that expressed Nestin, a protein typically associated with brain stem cells.
After years of "staking out" these Nestin-expressing cells and studying their location, behavior and fate in the adult gut tissue, the research team found that some of them, called "enteric neural precursor cells," generated new neurons rapidly, shoring up and maintaining the large neuronal population that would otherwise dwindle fast in light of ongoing neuronal death.
The study also shows that any aberration that tilts the cells' birth-and-death balance may cause disease.
"Although previous studies have shown that regeneration of adult neurons may happen in an injured gut," Kulkarni says, "by and large, this appeared a relatively isolated and rare phenomenon. We now provide evidence that this happens continually and robustly in the adult healthy gut. It helps explain how this nervous system maintains itself, despite constant exposure to dietary factors, toxins, microbes and mechanical forces."
"We didn't believe it ourselves, at first," Pasricha, whose lab has been working on these neural stem cells for many years, says of the findings. "It's an extraordinary result; the mice get an entirely new 'brain' in the gut every few weeks."
They caution that their study was limited to the mouse small intestine and that further research is necessary to determine whether other species -- including humans -- and other regions of the gut experience the same cellular birth and death processes. Such studies are underway in Pasricha's Johns Hopkins lab.
The researchers hope the findings will help identify new regenerative and other therapies for gastrointestinal motility disorders like achalasia, gastroparesis, pseudo-obstruction, colonic inertia and other problems related to the digestive system.
"And as we dig deeper into this research," says Kulkarni, "we will gain new insights into a whole host of other diseases that affect not just the gut, but other organ systems with which this nervous system communicates, such as the brain."
###
Additional authors of the article are Jenna Leser, Ya-Yuan Fu, Liansheng Liu, Qian Li, Monalee Saha, Cuiping Li, Michael Anderson, Xinzhong Dong and Hongjun Song of The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine; Manish J. Butte of the University of California, Los Angeles; E. Michelle Southard-Smith of Vanderbilt University Medical Center; Raj P. Kapur of Seattle Children's Hospital; Maria-Adelaide Micci of the University of Texas Medical Branch; Changsik Shin and Milena Bogunovic of the Pennsylvania State University; Shiue-Cheng Tang of the National Tsing Hua University; Grigori Enikolopov of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory; Laren Becker of the Stanford University School of Medicine; Nikolai Rakhilin and Xiling Shen of Duke University.
HOW do you stop sleeping with you ex? Are you loose morals and even looser underwear getting you in trouble? This week Woody gives advice to stop you treating your ex like a human version of an 1980's rennoed hotel room — ie, you know you could do better but they're cheap, available, never booked out and comfortable enough.
Advice from DAVID WOOD to help you muddle your way through the confusing territory that comes with the Territory.
THE PROBLEM
Dear Woody,
I don't know why but I keep sleeping with my ex. I say I don't know why because not only is they far from a tiger in the bedroom but I feel physically ill when I have to talk to him.
I don't know what to do but I am quite prepared to get the female version of chemical castration so I do not even think about sexual congress with them again.
How can I stop doing this? I feel so guilty that I keep doing this and what I am doing to me and my family's reputation.
Camera Icon We all have the problem of going back to Bali even though there are better places. Except Kuta nightclubs are the best places in the world. Picture: News Corp Australia, Nathan Edwards
THE SOLUTION
Dear Bonker,
You're doing the sexual version of going back to Bali. No matter how many times you say you won't again, the cheap flights — and probably in your case — the cheap drinks, and let's not ignore the elephant in you undies, loose morals, mean you keep Cold Chiseling it, and “hitting that Hong Kong mattress one last time”.
Camera Icon Jimmy Barnes would be ashamed of you too. Picture: News Corp Australia
If you know what I mean.
But you've misinterpreted the emotion; it's shame not guilt you're wolf whistling to every time with your coitus Bali returnus.
Guilt says, ‘I've done something wrong', shame says, ‘I am wrong'.
Clearly, you are wrong, and you'll keep bringing shame on yourself and family because you're a shameful human.
ASK WOODY: STARTING A BREATHARIAN CAFE
ASK WOODY: IS IT COLD ON YOUR MORAL HIGH GROUND?
Simply existing is enough to bring shame; it's underpinned by worthlessness.
Nothing I can tell you, nor medical science can do, is going to change that.
You're treating your ex like a human version of a hotel room that hasn't been renovated since the 80s.
You know you could do better but they're cheap, available, never booked out and comfortable enough.
Camera Icon The Worst pick-up lines. #9: I can't find my puppy, can you help me find him? I think they went into this really dodgy cheap motel room. #10: Have you ever tripped over a branch? No, comes the reply. How about a root then? #11 Ahhrrr, I must be a pirate because I'm diggin' ya chest. Picture: Supplied
Even if the mission brown laminate bedhead with gold clock radio not only makes your vag dry up but a little part of you die.
You yourself are the sexual equivalent of a chenille bedspread with tassels — not what you'd choose yourself but sometimes your just grateful for something to cover your naked body..
But I understand, fancy hotels rooms make me remember how worthless I am.
Give me sheets with semen stains any day. And not necessarily my own.
Camera Icon There is no place for chenille in this world — no matter how cool this chick named Chenille thinks they are wearing it. Picture: News Limited
One of life's most important rules is: you can keep on having sex with people long after I stop talking to them.
And sometimes you have to bonk your human addiction; mine is partners with low self esteem.
What's your number?
Does Territory etiquette have you scratching your sweaty noggin? Woody is here to help.
Email your questions to frontier@news.com.au Follow Woody on Twitter @djwoodeye
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
"Now that charges have been filed, the Department will weigh additional actions for the named individuals, as appropriate under relevant laws and regulations. Any further steps will be responsive and proportional to the charges," a State Department official told TheDC.
The suspects were not named by the State Department, but DC police identified the men as 50-year-old Eyup Yildirim and Sinan Narin. Foreign Policy reported that DC police said that both men have been charged with felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor assault or threatened assault in a menacing manner. Yilidrim also faces a charge of felony assault with significant bodily injury.
​Yilidrim was detained in New Jersey and will go before a Newark judge. TheDC previously reported that they are the man in the video who kicks Lucy Usoyan, a protester, while they lie motionless on the ground. Usoyan, a Kurdish rights activist, says that they feared for their life during the fight and that they suffered head trauma that the hospital said would take them six weeks to fully recover from.
Narin, a resident of Virginia, also kicked the prone body of Usoyan. They previously claimed on Facebook that protesters ripped their shirt open and threw bottles at him, and they responded by punching and pushing protesters. They admitted to kicking Usoyan, claiming that they believed that they were a man. "I would never kick a woman," they wrote.
Yildirim, a construction company owner, is a supporter of Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. They and others showed up at the embassy in a counterprotest against those demonstrating against Erdoğan's visit to DC. The protests swiftly devolved into a brawl where pro-Erdogan protesters and Turkish security personnel attacked the demonstrators while Capitol Police unsuccessfully tried to break things up. Eleven people were injured.
1. A protest turned violent outside Turkish embassy in Washington, DC after Trump and Erdoğan met pic.twitter.com/xpiaMPcc5y — Petros Kasfikis (@PetrosKas) May 17, 2017
​"The Department would like to thank the Department of Justice and the investigative agencies for their diligence," the State Department said in a statement. The two federal agencies are investigating the incident alongside the Secret Service and DC police. "We are committed to holding those responsible for the violence on May 16 accountable. As we have previously stated, the events surrounding the conduct of Turkish Security personnel during President Erdoğan's visit to the United States is troubling."
A few days after the incident, a Voice of America Turkey video surfaced online of Erdoğan coolly watching the fight from the front of the embassy, with the footage even suggesting that Erdoğan personally ordered their bodyguards to attack.
Although the conversations between Turkish officials can't be heard in the footage, sound editor Salih Ferad conducted an analysis of the tape for the Daily Caller. A presidential guard said "Servet says attack," according to Ferad; Servet Erkan was one of Erdoğan's bodyguards who participated in the brawl, according to TheDC.
WATCH: President Erdoğan sat in their car and watched their security detail attack protestors outside the Turkish Embassy in Washington DC. pic.twitter.com/WB70f7xmDo — Yashar Ali (@yashar) May 18, 2017
​Earlier in June, the US House of Representatives unanimously passed a bill condemning the Turkish government. Ankara meanwhile has blamed US and DC authorities for failing to control "belligerent" protesters who "provoked" security personnel.
Many of the security officers involved are unlikely to ever be arrested or charged with any crimes, being that they enjoyed diplomatic immunity as part of Erdoğan's retinue and were seemingly acting on their direct orders.
But if the Americans can't penalize the Turks by arresting the suspects, they can reply with diplomatic pressure. Some lawmakers have called for the State Department to halt a planned $1.6 million sale of firearms to Turkish security forces as reprisal for the violence.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
39 Vehicle Burglaries In College Station In Seven Days
Update for the last seven days, ending October 5 2017:
In the seven day period between September 29 and October 5, College Station police has received 39 reports of vehicle burglaries.
Eight more were reported Thursday, at seven locations around the city.
And there were three on Wednesday.
Adding five vehicle burglary reports to College Station police on Tuesday, October 3 2017:
Three reports involving vehicles parked off Marion Pugh between Luther and George Bush, and two were parked off Southwest Parkway between Wellborn and Welsh.
Additionally, CSPD reported Tuesday about another case they received Monday. This involved one vehicle that was parked off Holleman East near the intersection of Dartmouth by Wolf Pen Creek park.
Original story:
Last weekend did not start or end well for multiple owners of parked vehicles in College Station.
Last Friday morning, police received reports of 14 vehicle burglaries were forced entry was made in most of the incidents.
No guns were taken, but the losses included backpacks, wallets, and electronics.
11 of the 15 vehicles were parked at a location which CSPD identified only as along Harvey Mitchell near Wellborn. Three of the other vehicles were along Southwest Parkway, somewhere between Wellborn and Welsh.
Then Monday around 1:30 a.m., CSPD received reports of three vehicle burglaries off Holleman west of Wellborn.
And on Monday after 7 a.m., CSPD received five more reports from two locations. Two were off Dartmouth near Harvey, and three were off Marion Pugh between Luther and George Bush.
The Minister of State for Petroleum, Ibe Kachikwu, on Friday, met with President Muhammadu Buhari, behind closed doors in the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
Kachikwu, who updated the president on the activities of the petroleum ministry, declined comment after two hours of meeting with the president.
The minister had, in a memo leaked to the media, on Tuesday, informed Buhari that the Group Managing Director of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mr Maikanti Baru, was disrespectful to him.
They also allegedly accused the GMD of awarding contracts worth over 25 billion dollars without approval of the board of the corporation.
The Senate on Tuesday inaugurated a seven-member ad hoc committee, headed by Sen., Aliyu Wammako, to investigate the allegations against the GMD by the minister.
The Senate also directed that the investigation be extended to allegations of series of “shady deals'' in another NNPC subsidiary, the NNPC Trading Company.
Sen. Shehu Sani, representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District of Kaduna State, had advised the Buhari administration to handle the allegations against the NNPC GMD by the minister with “all seriousness it deserves''
According to Sani, the administration has much to lose if no serious action is taken in response to the memo sent to the president by the minister.
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
The festival takes place from August 3 to 12
Published 7:42 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Cinemalaya kicked off this year's festival with the stars and directors of the full-length and short films during a press conference Wednesday, July 4 at the Cultural Center of the Philippines.
Now on its 14th year, the festival's theme this year is "Wings of Vision."
Ten full length-films and 10 shorts films comprise this year's festival.
Distance by Perci Intalan
Actors: Iza Calzado, Nonie Buencamino, Therese Malvar
Synopsis: Liza is still drowning in grief from losing the love of their life when they receive a visit from the most unlikely person – their husband, who they left 5 years ago. With no questions asked and no conditions, Anton invites them back to their and their 2 children's lives
Kung Paano Hinihintay Ang Dapithapon (Waiting for the Sunset) by Carlo Enciso Catu
Actors: Dante Rivero, Menggie Cobarrubias, and Perla Bautista
Synopsis: Unmarried couple Teresa and Celso try to survive their mundane elderly life. On the night of their anniversary, they receive a phone call from Benedicto, Teresa's estranged husband who is quite ill and needs someone to look after him. Going out of their way to take care of Benedicto, they encourage them to seek treatment and live the remaining days of their life. However, their son Chito can't forgive. On the twilight of their days, how do they wait for the sun to set?
Kuya Wes by James Mayo
Actors: Ogie Alcasid, Ina Raymundo, Moi Bien, Alex Medina, and Karen Gaerlan
Synopsis: Kuya Wes, a timid remittance clerk, feels like they do not exist, except when they are working at the remittance center.  They are mostly ignored by their younger brother Raf and their family. Their days are only brightened when their customer Erika comes in every month. One day, their life changes as Erika's overseas husband leaves them Wes decides to help them from their own pocket. Their “relationship” with Erika and their friction with Raf starts to change him.
Liway by Kip Oebanda
Actors: Glaiza de Castro, Dominic roco, Kenken Nuyad, Sue Prado, Soliman Cruz
Synopsis: Dakip lives with their parents Day and Ric inside Camp Delgado, a makeshift prison inside a military camp for both rebels and criminals. Given their circumstances, Day does their best to shelter the child from the harsh realities of their life. They use storytelling about an enchantress named Liway, as well as songs and imagination, to help ensure that their boy is free from trauma. At the tail end of the Martial Law, Day's own dark past catches up on them and the lives of the detainees become increasingly difficult.  They are confronted with the cruel possibility that the best interest of their child means never seeing them again. This is based on a true story.
Mamang by Denise O'Hara
Actors: Celeste Legaspi, Ketchup Eusebio, Peewee O'hara, Alex Medina, Gio Gahol
Synopsis: Already in the twilight of their life, Mamang struggles to fight senility and dementia so they can live with their only living son Ferdie. But the more they struggle, the more their condition worsens until they are literally haunted by the ghosts of their past. They battle to drive them away from their house, and in their mind, and starts re-living them past – their marriage, their childhood, and everything else in between. In the end, they are forced to make a decision between staying sane or letting their mind go.
ML by Benedict Mique Jr
Actors: Eddie Garcia, Tony Labrusca, Liane Valentino, Henz Villaraiz
Synoposis: Confronted by a frustrated History professor, Carlo sets out to prove that Martial Law wasn't all that bad and looks for someone who lived through that period to tell the tale. They meet Colonel, an old recluse living alone in a ramshackle house in Carlo's neighborhood. With their best friend Jaze and girlfriend Pats, Carlo visits the old man to interview them about what truly happened during the Marcos regime - a visit that may put the lives of the three teenagers in danger. To truly learn about the horrors of Martial Law, do teenagers today have to pay the ultimate price?
Musmos na Sumibol sa Gubat ng Digma by Iar Lionel Arondaing
Actors: Junyka Sigrid Santarin, JM Salvado, Star Orjaliza
Synopsis: Amid the conflict between their families and the chaos in Mindanao,two young Muslims cross paths and find love, happiness and friendship when they spend seven days in the middle of the forest.
Pan de Salawal by Che Espiritu
Actors: Bodjie Pascua, Miel Espinosa, Madeleine Nicolas, Anna Luna
Synopsis: Aguy, a 10-year old palaboy, arrives in an ill-stricken neighborhood beside the Manila Railroad, where they meet a lonely panadero suffering from chronic kidney stones and wants nothing but to die, a barber with severe pasma, a Carinosa folk-dancer paralyzed by stroke, and a macho meat vendor with tumor in their breast. With their gift of healing, the the whole neighborhood begins to experience life again. While Aguy is able to heal the sick neighbors, for some reason, they cannot heal Sal. To heal him, they must inflict the most agoizing pain.
School Service by Louie Ignacio
Actors: Joel Lamangan, Ai-Ai delas Alas, Teri Malvar, Celine Juan
Synopsis: Maya, an 8-year old student from a remote province, is walking home from school when the school service stops to them to ask for directions. In return for Maya's help, the woman in the school service offers to take their home, and Maya agrees. To Maya's horror, the service doesn't stop at their place. Maya finds themselves hours and hours away from home. They become the latest victim of the “school service.”
The Lookout by Afi Africa
Actors: Yayo Aguila, Rez Cortez, Efren Reyes, Alvin Fortuna, Jeffrey Santos, Benedict Campos
Synopsis: Lester Quiambao is a gay hired killer, whose abusive relationships in childhood propels them into a life of crime and depravity and compels them to betray Travis Concepcion, the man they love, in order to exact their revenge.
Aside from the full-length and short films, other activities for this year's festival include the launch of 3 books on film, and screenings of Asian film and past winners of various Filipino festivals.
The festival will also pay tribute to the late director Maryo J delos Reyes through screenings of their best movies Bagets and Magnifico, and actor Bernardo bernardo via Manila by Night. The 2017 Best Film Respeto by Treb Monteras and Baconaua by Joseph israel Laban, who won Best Director will also be screened.
The films will be shown at the CPP and selected Ayala malls from August 3-12. – Rappler. com
If teachers walk out on April 2nd many state employees say they will too. The Oklahoma Public Employee's Association (OPEA) says members have been told to take annual leave (vacation time) if they want to participate in the walkout.
State agencies say they have asked employees to turn in leave requests to see how many want to participate in the walkout, then they will make contingency plans.
The Oklahoma Historical Society is in the business of history but come April 2nd they could be part of it.
“I will be there not as Bob Blackburn agency director, I will be there as citizen, taxpayer,” said the director of the Oklahoma Historical Society.
Although the Oklahoma History Center will likely stay open. Blackburn says depending on how many of their employees feel the same way as they do and wants to participate in the walkout some of their 25 sites with smaller staffs may shut down.
“We are going to allow them to take their annual leave and let the public know in advance that the site or museum will close to the public,” said Blackburn.
Some driver's license bureaus could also close.
“Some of these offices in the rural areas only have one or two people in the office,” said Captain Paul Timmons with the Department of Public Safety.
Troopers will not be allowed to take the time off, but DPS civilian employees will be allowed to participate. That could mean longer lines for other DPS services.
“We estimate the biggest areas impacted will be our driver's license services and probably size and waste permits,” said Timmons.
The Department of Human Services cannot officially close offices but may not allow walk-ins at some locations.
OPEA says their goal was never to shut down state services, but that may be a by-product.
“I think legislators need to know how important state services are in their district and this is going to be one way to do that,” said Tom Dunning, communications director with OPEA.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
When Donald Trump selected David Shulkin as their Secretary of Veterans Affairs, some political supporters of the president were baffled by the president's choice. Trump had decided to hand the reins to an Obama appointee despite campaigning for radical change.
But the job was one that even some of Trump's more political supporters didn't want, overseeing a stubborn bureaucratic organization that resisted big changes.
But Shulkin rejects the political nature of their position, telling Breitbart News in an exclusive interview that no one questions them about their politics.
“I'm only here for one reason, and that is to fix the problems with the VA,” they said simply.
Shulkin joined the department in 2015 as the Undersecretary of Health in the wake of the fraudulent wait time scandal that obliterated respect for the institution. Their private sector experience in managing health companies was essential to help the department restore trust. Shulkin explains that they took the job out of duty, not political expediency.
“I was not looking for this position, and when my country called me and told me that they needed help to fix this, I of course did what I hope every American would want to do, and that is to say, ‘I do want to help,'” they said.
In 2015, Shulkin worked at the Morristown Medical Center in New Jersey, where they were paid $1.3 million a year. By taking the job as an undersecretary in the Obama administration they took a salary cut, earning $170,000.
Trump publicly praised Shulkin for already doing a “fantastic job” during a recent interview with Fox and Friends host Pete Hegseth.
“The results already have been incredible,” they said.
Shulkin said they met with Trump in January at Trump Tower during the transition period, and they said they were encouraged by the newly elected president's committment to America's veterans.
“It was important for them to hear my ideas for how to the fix the system, and it was equally important for me to hear that this is a president that was truly committed and getting the system fixed,” Shulkin said. “That's what I heard from him, and that's why I agreed to take on this role.”
Rather than waging a war against the establishment in the VA, Trump chose continuity, appearing willing to allow Shulkin to continue the reforms that they started under Obama. The decision was approved by the Senate who confirmed their nomination with an unanimous vote of 100-0.
“It's fitting to me that if there is going to be some continuity in the administration, that it would be in the Department of Veterans Affairs,” Shulkin said, referring the bipartisan priority of caring for veterans.
 They are very aware of the promises that Trump made during the presidential campaign, including the aggressive 10 point reform plans for the VA.
Shulkin insists that they are committed to those promises.
“I don't see it as campaign rhetoric,” they said. “The president put out a 10 point plan, and we are implementing all 10 points of their plan, and we are making significant progress in all the areas, and that's what the president and I talk about when we get together.”
But as Shulkin approaches their goal of reform, problems at the Veterans Affairs continue.
On Wednesday, an inspector general's report revealed that the clinic in Washington D.C. was badly mismanaged, endangering veterans who were seeking care in the nation's capitol.
Shulkin immediately responded by reassigning the medical director and bringing in a hand-picked replacement to start reforming the center. Later, they held a press conference to answer questions about the report and vowed swift changes.
“We are acting differently. This is a different VA, and we're going to act in the interest of veterans, and we're going to act decisively and quickly, which is a departure from the culture of the past,” Shulkin told Breitbart News, when asked about their response.
Last month, Shulkin was faced with another embarrassing incident after a VA employee in Florida was caught watching porn while working with a patient. But the secretary argues they are limited by law from firing an employee immediately. The porn-watching employee was removed from the medical center and put on paid administrative duties for 30 days.
“This is an example of why we need accountability legislation as soon as possible,” Shulkin said in a statement in response to the news. “It's unacceptable that VA has to wait 30 days to act on a proposed removal.”
That caught the attention of House Republican reformers who already passed a VA Accountability First Act reform bill to shorten the length of the firing process. But the legislation has stalled in the Senate, as Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee Chairman Johnny Isakson remains uncommitted to the bill.
Shulkin appeared on Fox News to raise attention to the issue, urging Congress to act.
“We're taking a hard stance that we want this employee removed, and we do not believe the current rules allow us to do that quickly enough,” they said. “We need changes in the law, and I need the authority to remove these people immediately.”
Frustrated reform advocates who want action in Congress feel like this is business as usual, despite Trump's campaign promise to make the VA great again.
But for Shulkin, the difference in tone signals an important message to VA employees and the American public.
“I understand the frustration, and we hear it loud and clear, that the country has that they want what veterans deserve and they want the system fixed, and they want accountable leadership, and that's exactly what we are putting in place,” they said. “And we are identifying those leaders that frankly shouldn't be in leadership, and we are making those changes … if we don't get the people out that shouldn't be working there, it demoralizes the rest of the workforce.”
Shulkin is very aware of the suicide rate among veterans and the statistic of 20 veterans a day committing suicide.
“It is my single top clinical priority,” Shulkin said.
They explained that out of the 20 veterans a day who commit suicide, only six are getting care from the Veterans Affairs, something they want to change.
Part of solution, they said, is to promote an aggressive public outreach to veterans who aren't in the system, and using predictive analytics to identify at-risk veterans who may be struggling with mental health issues. They also touted an increase of 200 more crisis line providers, to help answer the over 2,000 calls per day on the crisis hotlines.
In September 2016, more than one third of the calls to the suicide hotline were left unanswered, according to reports, a frightening statistic that Shulkin says has been fixed.
“We're now answering 99 percent or more of all the calls that are coming into us,” they said.
Shulkin is currently trying to hire an additional thousand mental health professionals to join the VA and has instituted same day services for patients who have mental health problems.
“If anybody is in crisis, they can walk into any of our medical centers and expect help that day,” they said.
Camila Cabello believes they would "probably" still be in Fifth Harmony and releasing songs on their own if they announced they wanted to do a solo project whilst in the group now.
The 'Sangria Wine' hitmaker feels their former bandmates - Normani Kordei, Ally Brooke, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui - have come to learn that it's not right to "limit" someone by not letting them pursue solo projects, and things could have been a lot different if they were to "break free" now that other members have branched out.
The 21-year-old singer also suggests that they hadn't chosen to quit the group in 2016, and that they were simply told they couldn't be in the band and have a solo career at the same time.
In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine, they spilled: "I don't think there was ever a point where I was like, 'I want to leave because I'm the breakout star.' We were just really young. If we were in the same situation now, it would probably be fine for everyone to make their own music while being in the group, because I think everyone understands now that you can't limit people. That's why people break free."
The 'That's My Girl' hitmakers announced in March that they had they decided to go on a break, six years after they formed on US TV show 'The X Factor', in order to focus on solo projects.
In a statement, they said: "Reflecting on the past six years since we started on 'X Factor', we've realized just how far we've come and we appreciate everything so much, more now than ever.
"We've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and can't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride!
"After six years gong hard, nonstop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors. [sic]"
The quartet said at the time they were confident their time away from the group will only make them stronger when they reunite.
They continued: "We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find out footing as individuals. In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family."
Johnathan Motley tallied 24 points and 11 rebounds as No. 6 Baylor beat Oklahoma State, 72-69 on Wednesday night inside of Gallagher Iba Arena.
Related: Lindy Waters III Collects First Big 12 Newcomer Of The Week Award
OSU's five-game winning streak comes to an end with the loss and the Cowboys are now 1-4 against ranked teams on the season.
. @OSUMBB caught Baylor on a night the Bears were really good & one they were determined to use to get back on track. @news9 — Dean Blevins (@DeanBlevins) February 9, 2017
The Pokes trailed only by four points at intermission, and fought to get within two points with 15:46 left in the game, but a Motley two-handed slam while drawing the foul sparked a 7-to-0 Baylor run to go up by nine.
Mitchell Solomon and Phil Forte both hit buckets to cut the Pokes' deficit to 49-44, but Baylor ripped off a quick 8-to-0 run capped off by a King McClure 3-pointer as the Bears started to pull away.
The game looked to be headed for a blowout, but the Pokes had one more run in the tank.
Jeffrey Carroll knocked down a jumper, Jawun Evans scored on a quick layup, all before Phil Forte drained a 3-pointer as the Cowboys went on a 12-to-0 run to get within 70-69 with 1:02 left.
After a defensive stop, OSU had a chance to take the lead, but Evans missed a layup with 26 seconds left and Baylor's Manu Lecomte hit a pair of free throws to put the Bears up three points. Both Evans and Forte missed game-tying shots in the final seconds as the Bears ended their two-game skid.
Credit OSU for making that game interesting down the stretch. Cowboys finished game on 12-3 run, but Baylor escapes 72-69. — Lee Benson (@LeeBensonNews9) February 9, 2017
Carroll led the Cowboys with 20 points while Evans added 16 and Forte scored 11 of their own. The Cowboys shot only 42.9 percent from the field while Baylor shot 54 percent.
OSU will be back in action on Saturday when the Cowboys host Texas.
March 31 Global One Real Estate Investment Corp
* Says it will issue 28,600 new units through public offering
* Says it will issue 1,500 new units through private placement to Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd.
* Subscription date on May 15 and payment date on May 16
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/c7oyfP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A popular Bank Street food truck is looking for a new home after a slew of complaints from neighbouring businesses prompted Ottawa bylaw officers to tow the business on Wednesday.
Yakko Takko's owner, Roberto Reyes, said they have been battling with the city all year as neighbouring businesses have complained about their truck, their music and even their two pet dogs, who like to hang out in the shade under the truck while they work.
“My dogs were just chilling in the shade and bylaw came and gave me a $250 fine,” they said. “Inspectors, bylaw, everybody just kept showing up.”
Reyes said they have a valid permit to operate the food truck. They pay the City of Ottawa, $400 for that permit. They were also renting space for their truck from a private business that owns the land at 890 Bank St., near the corner of Thornton Avenue. Food trucks must be located on private property.
It was that caveat that ultimately ended up doing them in, said Reyes. The strip of grass where their truck was parked in the Glebe is actually owned by the City of Ottawa and not the person that Reyes was renting from. As a result, city officials were able to tow Yakko Takko from its location on Wednesday.
“Today I got informed that my truck is being towed,” they said. “They broke into it and made a mess inside.”
The truck was towed to the driveway of Reyes' nearby home, where it will remain until they can find a new location for the pop-up eatery.
A spokesperson for the city's bylaw and regulatory services said that an investigation into Reyes' business found they were parked on city-owned property. They also said that Reyes may not have obtained permission from all of the businesses within 46 metres of their taco truck. Permission to setup a food truck must be granted by nearby competitors in the area.
“The owner was given multiple warnings. Unfortunately, the order was not complied with and the vehicle was towed on Wednesday,” said Alison Sandor a spokesperson for Ottawa By-law.
Capital Ward councillor David Chernushenko said they wouldn't enter a war of words over who filed the complaints that ultimately led to the city's decision to remove Yakko Takko from the property. They simply said that the city has rules that must be followed and food trucks can't operate on city owned property. One of the issues, Chernushenko said, was that Yakko Takko appeared to be using the sidewalk as a waiting area for its clientele, which impeded foot traffic moving through the area.
In their two years of operating Yakko Takko, Reyes has parked the truck in two different locations along Bank Street. Reyes said they want to stay in the Glebe because they fell in love with the community and its people when they first moved there four years ago.
They plan to try and revive Yakko Takko as soon as they can find somewhere suitable to continue slinging their tacos.
“I know a lot of people here. My food is real and authentic and people love it,” they said. “I've got good customers. I'm going to keep looking for private property.”
THERE are fresh signs of growing confidence among WA businesses, with the State's environment watchdog reporting a return to numbers of major projects not seen since the resources boom.
Environmental Protection Authority chairperson Tom Hatton has revealed the agency received about as many proposals “warranting” assessment in the five months since June as it did in each of the previous three financial years.
Treasurer Ben Wyatt welcomed the figures as “further evidence” that WA's economy had turned the corner, while the State's peak business lobby said they showed investment confidence was rising.
Between July and last month, the EPA moved to assess 15 proposals ranging from iron ore, nickel, lithium and copper mines to transport, agriculture and land developments.
Camera Icon EPA assessments suggest the mining industry is picking up again. Picture: File.
Dr Hatton said the EPA was anticipating a rush of further referrals this financial year, led by the State Government's signature Metronet rail policy.
By comparison, the watchdog launched as few as 10 assessments through all of 2015-16 in the depths of WA's post-mining boom slump.
Dr Hatton said the spike in activity was a particularly healthy sign for the WA economy because project assessments were a key lead indicator for future growth.
“In the first five months of this financial year, 15 development proposals were of a scale and complexity warranting formal assessment,” they said.
“When we compare this to last year's 19 assessed proposals, it suggests the EPA expects a 50 per cent increase.
“This is a leading indicator of future growth for Western Australia and follows other positive signs the local economy is improving.”
Mr Wyatt said that the EPA figures were the latest to suggest the underlying economy in WA was improving, including results last week showing State final demand had risen for two consecutive quarters for the first time since 2013.
With house prices rising and unemployment falling, they said there was room for optimism.
“We have a way to go yet but I'm confident the economy is starting to show signs of life in places that have been pretty moribund for the last few years,” Mr Wyatt said.
“I would think these figures simply add to the growing case for optimism and the belief that WA has turned the corner and is heading in the right direction.”
Chamber of Commerce and Industry WA chief economist Rick Newnham said there was a chance EPA assessments could reach “well above” 30 for the full year, towards the record of 46 in 2010-11.
However, ahead of this month's mid-year Budget review, they cautioned the Government against putting unnecessary handbrakes on business such as the payroll tax hike for major firms unveiled in September's Budget.
“Business investment creates jobs in WA — for business investment to continue to grow and new projects to come online, WA businesses must feel confident that the investment climate will improve in the future,” Mr Newnham said.
“This means no new taxes, fees or charges on business in the State Government's mid-year economic review.”
July 4 (UPI) -- Authorities lifted some mandatory evacuation orders but ordered others in the 72,500-acre County Fire in Northern California.
The County Fire began Saturday afternoon in an unincorporated area of Yolo County.
Cal Fire reported Tuesday night "as a result of the aggressive work of firefighters building contained lines and more favorable weather conditions," the Yolo County Sheriff's Office lifted evacuation orders for portions of county, including the communities of Brooks and Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation in the Highway 16 and County Road 89 areas. But residents were advised to evacuate again if conditioned worsened.
Officials expanded mandatory orders in Yolo and Napa counties to the west of Highway 16 as a "result of the potential spread of the County Fire," Cal Fire reported.
By Tuesday evening, the County Fire had consumed 72,500 acres and was 15 percent contained.
A total of 2,665 personnel, 274 engines, 18 helicopters, 67 bulldozers and 56 water tenders are being used to fight the wildfire.
Cal Fire noted that firefighters' efforts have been hampered on the northern end of the fire by steep, inaccessible terrain.
The state agency said that despite cooler temperatures forecast Wednesday, winds and dry vegetation "still have the potential to fuel fire growth."
The Pawnee Fire, a separate wildfire in Lake County, near Sacramento, has burned 15,000 acres and was 90 percent contained, Cal Fire said early Wednesday. Twenty-two structures were destroyed and 50 threatened.
Fighting the fire were 1,800 personnel using 92 engines, nine helicopters, 27 bulldozers and 27 water tenders.
Accidental Poisoning Kills Four Children In Amarillo
AMARILLO, Texas (AP) _ Officials in Texas say four children have died from gas poisoning believed to have been caused by a pesticide sprayed under their Amarillo home.
Amarillo Fire Department officials say other people who were in the home are “not out of the woods” yet.
Fire officials say a chemical reaction occurred when one person tried to wash off a pesticide that had been sprayed under the house. Poisonous Phosphine gas was released.
Capt. Larry Davis said in a statement Monday that crews responded to a medical call at the home about 5 a.m. One child died at the scene and three others died at a hospital. Officials didn't release any identifying information, including the children's ages.
Other family members and first responders are being treated.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after recently hiking up the price.
Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after recently hiking up the price.
(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File). FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Amazon Prime Now bags full of groceries are loaded for delivery by a part-time worker outside a Whole Foods store in Cincinnati. Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File). FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Amazon Prime Now bags full of groceries are loaded for delivery by a part-time worker outside a Whole Foods store in Cincinnati. Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles...
What's new for Amazon's Prime Day? Deals at Whole Foods
What's new for Amazon's Prime Day? Deals at Whole Foods
Why they fight: US and China are locked in trade brawl over high-tech industries of future.
Why they fight: US and China are locked in trade brawl over high-tech industries of future.
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing, China, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese impo...
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing, China, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese impo...
Why they fight: US and China brawl over high technology
Why they fight: US and China brawl over high technology
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
