The original Smosh duo is breaking up: Anthony Padilla announced Wednesday that he's leaving the YouTube comedy video operation they started with their best friend, Ian Hecox.
In an interview with Variety, Padilla explained that he's been contemplating the change for several months, and that they were looking for a fresh start after working on Smosh for more than a decade. One of the key factors, they said, was that with Smosh being part of a larger media company — the brand is managed by Defy Media — all of the team's creative decisions have to be vetted and approved higher up the chain.
“I realized I haven't been as creatively excited about things recently,” they told Variety. “When I first started, it was just me being excited about creating things. It wasn't about numbers.”
As for how they broke the news to Hecox, who have been friends since they were in grade school, Padilla said “it was a really, really tough conversation to have.”
“I think they kind of knew, based on their intuition,” Padilla said. “It was so tough to tell them this thing we made together was going to change now. But they were very supportive. They understood where I was coming from.”
Earlier this year, Defy Media's chief content officer Barry Blumberg — who had worked with Padilla and Hecox since 2006, a few months after they began posting videos on YouTube — announced their departure from the company. Padilla said the timing was purely coincidental: The same week Blumberg broke the news to the Smosh co-founders they were leaving Defy, Padilla said he'd already decided to leave Smosh as well.
What's next? Padilla, 29, said they primarily will be focused on creating consistent content on their channel, youtube.com/AnthonyPadilla, which currently has 1.4 million subscribers. Their plan is to release a new video every Monday and Friday.
The content on Padilla's channel is going to be different from Smosh, they said. “People maybe know me for comedy,” they said. “That will be there, but I'm going to do a lot of different things.”
In addition to vlogs and sketches, Padilla said they want to “open up about some things in my life, and hopefully being able to relate to fans in a way they haven't seen me do on YouTube before.” Specifically, they said they plan to talk about their struggles with panic attacks and anxiety in future videos. “I hope things I say in my videos will help people who are dealing with that,” they said.
Padilla's first solo video, set to go up on June 19, will feature interviews with some other big-name YouTube creators, in which they ask them (somewhat tongue in cheek) for advice on what they should do now that he's left Smosh.
In addition to YouTube, Padilla said they want to pursue more voice acting roles. Their voiceover work has included “The Angry Birds Movie,” for which they were the voice of Hal; Hecox provided the voice of Bubbles in the movie.
Padilla said they also want to break into the TV business, and said he's in the beginning stages of writing a few television pilots.
As for the initial reaction from fans, they said, “I'd say overall people have been extremely supportive,” but added that many viewers are unhappy with their decision and they're urging them to change their mind. “But if I went back,” Padilla said, “it wouldn't be the same.”
Padilla is repped by UTA and and Scott Hervey at Weintraub Genshlea Chediak Law.
The Crimson Tide and the Tigers will face off for the third straight postseason in what has become a thrilling college football rivalry. (0:55)
We're still several weeks away from the College Football Playoff semifinals, but the early influential money is on the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Multiple Las Vegas sportsbooks reported taking bets from respected players on the Crimson Tide, who are growing favorites over No. 1 Clemson in the Allstate Sugar Bowl (8:45 p.m. ET, Jan. 1).
Alabama opened as a 1-point favorite last Sunday at the Westgate SuperBook. The Crimson Tide is now 2.5-point favorites over the Tigers.
"Alabama got some money from a group who moves numbers," Westgate Superbook assistant manager Ed Salmons said. "The public likes Clemson."
Editor's Picks Lines for all 40 bowl games It's bowl season. Here is the full list of game lines for the entire bowl game slate from the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook.
At MGM sportsbooks, eight times as much money has been bet on the Crimson Tide as has been bet on Clemson in the first week since the matchup was set. The number of bets on the Sugar Bowl, however, was equally divided among the two teams, MGM vice president of race sports Jay Rood said.
Las Vegas sportsbook operator CG Technology also reported taking early "sharp" action on Alabama. CG Technology vice president of risk Jason Simbal said Sunday that they had taken more bets on Clemson, but there was three times as much money on Alabama.
"The most action, by far, on any bowl game is on Alabama-Clemson," Simbal said. "That could end up being the most-bet game of the year. It might end being more heavily bet than the championship game."
In the other College Football Playoff semifinal, Georgia has settled as a small favorite over Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl (5 p.m., Jan. 1). The Sooners opened as high as 3-point favorites, but the line was sitting at Georgia -1.5 at most books on Monday.
Alabama remains the favorite to win the national championship. The Crimson Tide is listed at +160 to win the title at the Westgate. Clemson is +280, followed by Georgia at +300 and Oklahoma at +350.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ningbo Jifeng Auto Parts Co Ltd
* Says it was recognized as high-tech enterprise again and could enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent, from 2017 to 2019
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/47nSi2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
This was labeled the "Year of the Quarterback," thanks to a bevy of talent that includes Sam Darnold, Lamar Jackson, Baker Mayfield, Josh Rosen and more. One month in, how have the top signal-callers fared? (1:19)
Football is the ultimate team sport. But the biggest common denominator when it comes to having a successful football team is the quarterback. The play of your guy behind center is usually the biggest difference when it comes to building a championship team.
Even teams with the best defenses usually lose steam if that defense can't get some QB help.
So, as we enter October, we decided to take a deeper dive into whom the best quarterbacks have been in different scenarios.
Fourth quarter
With only a month's sample size, it's hard to make a definitive statement on who is the best in the final frame of the game. For instance, Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield might be the Heisman Trophy favorite from the quarterback ranks, but he's barely done anything in the fourth quarter through four games. Yes, he's been awesome this season, but they just hasn't had to play a lot in the fourth quarter. Still, they were a perfect 8-for-8 passing for 64 yards and a touchdown in the fourth quarter of the Sooners 31-17 win over then-No. 2 Ohio State in Columbus. Since then, he's attempted just three fourth-quarter passes.
So who's the best in the fourth quarter from a numbers standpoint? That would be UCLA's Josh Rosen. The future first-round pick has completed 58-of-86 for 755 yards and seven touchdowns, two interceptions and 13 completions of 20-plus yards. Thirty-seven of their 58 completions in the final quarter have gone for first downs.
Josh Rosen went 19-for-26 with 292 yards and four touchdowns in the fourth quarter of UCLA's comeback win over Texas A&M. Chris Williams/Icon Sportswire
Their best performance -- maybe ever -- came in the season opener against Texas A&M, when they resurrected UCLA after a 44-10 third-quarter deficit. In the fourth quarter alone, Rosen went 19-for-26 with 292 yards and four touchdowns. Thirteen of their completions went for first downs, and the Bruins won 45-44.
Without much of a running game, and with a struggling defense, Rosen has had to throw the ball a lot in the fourth quarter (17.2 attempts in the fourth). But he's certainly made the most of it with a Raw QBR of 82.1 and just two turnovers.
USC counterpart Sam Darnold also has been solid in the fourth quarter. Outside of that disastrous fumble in last week's loss to Washington State, Darnold has been at their best in the fourth quarter. In fourth quarters and overtime, they have completed 59.1 percent of their passes for 351 yards, with three touchdowns and an interception.
Darnold has 18 first-down passes, and their 9-of-21 performance in the fourth quarter and overtime might not seem sexy, but they made some outstanding throws for 134 yards and crushed all of Texas' momentum to lead the Trojans to a big early-season win.
Best red zone
Washington State's Luke Falk is climbing everyone's Heisman boards after that tremendous performance against USC. But we shouldn't be surprised that he's cranking out PlayStation numbers with Mike Leach as their coach. And when Falk gets near the end zone, it's hard to stop him.
Inside the opponent's 20-yard line, Falk is 22-of-37 for 157 yards and a nation-leading 10 touchdowns. They have just one turnover and has thrown for seven first downs.
Mayfield has attempted only 10 passes in the red zone, but their scoring efficiency is excellent. Of their eight red zone completions, seven have gone for touchdowns. Six of those TDs have been 10 or more yards.
Want surprise red zone threats? Purdue's David Blough and Vanderbilt's Kyle Shurmur are your guys. Blough is 12-for-13 passing for 69 yards and four touchdowns with five first downs. Shurmur is 8-for-12 and has six touchdowns.
Third-and-long
Falk and Louisville's Lamar Jackson know how to beat you deep in critical situations. On third-and-long (5-plus yards), Falk is 24-of-38 for 497 yards with 20 first downs and eight touchdowns. Ten of their completions have gone for 20-plus yards. They haven't thrown an interception in these situations, and he's thrown for more than 100 yards in these scenarios in each of the last three games.
For Jackson, he's been working to throw the ball more on third-and-long. Last year, they averaged 2.2 rushes per game on third-and-long situations. In September, Jackson ran the ball just six times on third-and-long, and their 305 passing yards are only 292 less than their passing yardage all of last season on third-and-long. They also have four total touchdowns this year, compared with seven all of last season.
Luke Falk has been at their best in third-and-long situations. James Snook-USA TODAY Sports
TCU's Kenny Hill has also stepped up big for the Horned Frogs on third-and-long. He's 18-of-25 (72 percent) for 258 yards with three touchdowns, an interception and 14 first downs. In 2016, they completed just 52.4 percent of their passes on third-and-long with two passing touchdowns.
Under duress
It's never easy to play well when under duress, but Washington's Jake Browning has quietly been very good for the Huskies. He's gone 14-of-28 for 190 yards and two touchdowns, and eight of those completions have been first downs. While he's been sacked four times, he's also completed four passes for 20-plus yards.
Oklahoma State's Mason Rudolph is completing only 35.5 percent of their passes (11-of-31) under duress, but they have six touchdowns to just one interception. Three of those touchdowns have gone for 14-plus yards, including a 69-yarder to Marcell Ateman against Pitt.
Arguably the best performance under duress so far? How about Indiana's Richard Lagow, who went 16-for-26 with 174 yards and a touchdown against Ohio State. They were sacked five times but still registered nine first downs.
Against the blitz
Teams have been trying to get after Rosen all season, but he's done a pretty good job of thwarting that so far. He's completed 53-of-85 passes against the blitz for 756 yards and six touchdowns without any interceptions. They also lead the country with 15 completions of 20-plus yards against the blitz and 39 first-down passes. He's completed at least 58 percent of their passes against the blitz in three games this season (at least 12 attempts).
The blitz has actually been good for Iowa's passing game after C.J. Beathard struggled against it as the starter last year. Nathan Stanley is completing 53.8 percent of their passes (28-of-52) for 468 yards and five touchdowns. Two of those touchdowns came against No. 4 Penn State, including a 70-yarder to Akrum Wadley.
Stanley also has eight completions of 20-plus yards and 18 first downs against the blitz.
Short passes
This is Darnold's wheelhouse. While he's struggled to throw downfield this season, he's been automatic on short passes. On passes 5 yards or fewer through the air, Darnold is 35-of-38 for 342 yards with 16 first downs and two touchdowns. Darnold has also gotten help from their pass-catchers, as 12 of their short completions have gone for 10 yards or more.
Passes 5 yards and shorter have been Sam Darnold's bread and butter this season. Adam Davis/Icon Sportswire
Auburn's Jarrett Stidham is gaining confidence in Gus Malzahn's offense in large part because of short passes. This season, Stidham has completed 22-of-23 for 194 yards with 11 first downs and a touchdown. They have been at their best with short passes on third-and-long (5-plus yards to the first-down marker); Stidham is 6-for-6 for 71 yards with four first downs and a touchdown.
Downfield passes
When it comes to passes that travel at least 20 yards through the air, Virginia Tech redshirt first-year student Josh Jackson has been on point. He's completed 60 percent of those passes (15-of-25) for 467 yards and five touchdowns with zero interceptions. Let's remember that this is all new to him. Against ranked foes Clemson and West Virginia, Jackson went 6-of-8 for 182 yards with a touchdown and no interceptions.
Mayfield and Rudolph aren't too far behind Jackson. Mayfield has completed 51.9 percent of these passes (14-of-27) for 516 yards and five touchdowns without a pick. Rudolph has 575 yards and six touchdowns with an interception on 13-of-26 passing.
The surprise here is Darnold. He's completing just 25 percent of their passes (9-of-36) for 295 yards with four touchdowns and four interceptions. Last year, Darnold completed 42.2 percent of these passes (19-of-45) for 579 yards with seven touchdowns and four interceptions. In the last two games alone, including last week's loss to Washington State, Darnold has gone 1-of-14 for 26 yards and an interception on these passes.
Play-action
Rudolph owns defenses out of play-action. He's 43-of-66 (out of 71 PA plays) for 903 yards and nine touchdowns. Fifteen of their throws have gone 20-plus yards downfield, and 36 of their 43 completions have resulted in a first down. Oklahoma State's incredibly balanced offense has helped Rudolph be efficient on these plays, as the Cowboys have thrown 184 passes and run the ball 184 times.
Mayfield is close on Rudolph's heels, completing a nation-high 82.9 percent of their play-action passes (29-of-35) for 656 yards and seven touchdowns. They have zero picks and 14 passes of 20-plus yards and 20 first downs, with a Raw QBR of 99. If you're Louisville, your best bet for getting first downs through the air come when Lamar Jackson operates out of play-action. He's completed 28 play-action passes, 20 of which have gone for first downs.
Scrambling
Last year, Jackson was the scrambling king, taking off 51 times for 493 yards. This year, Alabama's Jalen Hurts took the crown in September. They scrambled 20 times for 195 yards and a 27-yard touchdown. Hurts is averaging 9.75 yards per carry on scrambles this season and leads the nation with 10 rushes of 10-plus yards and four of 20-plus yards.
Clemson's Kelly Bryant is trying to duplicate Deshaun Watson's passing production, but he's looking more and more like the scrambling Watson from two years ago. Through the first month, Bryant scrambled 17 times for 173 yards (10.17 YPC) with seven runs of 10-plus yards. In 2015, Watson scrambled 50 times for 326 yards and 13 rushes of 10-plus yards.
Zone-read
There's no one better than West Virginia's Will Grier right now at throwing out of the zone-read. Grier is 22-of-25 passing for a nation-high 157 yards and two touchdowns out of the zone-read. They also lead the country with nine first-down passes out of the zone-read.
When it comes to yardage, Missouri's Drew Lock is the closest to Grier. He's gone 6-for-6 with 142 yards and a touchdown. Surprisingly, Tennessee's Quinten Dormady has performed well in the few reps he's gotten out of the zone-read. He's 6-of-8 for 114 yards, with a touchdown and an interception.
BEDMINSTER, N.J./BEIJING (Reuters) - China's President Xi Jinping said there needs to be a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue, and in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump they urged all sides to avoid words or action that raise tensions.
Xi's comments came hours after Trump warned North Korea that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" as Pyongyang accused the U.S. leader of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war.
The Pentagon said the United States and South Korea would proceed as planned with a joint military exercise in 10 days, an action sure to further antagonise North Korea.
China's foreign ministry said in a statement that Xi told Trump a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue was essential, and urged calm.
"Concerned parties must exercise restraint and avoid remarks and actions that escalate tensions on the Korean peninsula," it cited Xi as saying.
In their phone call, Trump and Xi "agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior," the White House said in a statement, and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula. It added the relationship between Trump and Xi was "extremely close" and "will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."
Trump, vacationing at their Bedminster, New Jersey, golf resort, earlier took to Twitter to warn North Korean leader Kim Jong-un that U.S. "military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely".
Again referring to Kim, Trump added, "If they utter one threat ... or if they do anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, they will truly regret it, and they will regret it fast."
In remarks to reporters on Friday after a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Trump said the situation with North Korea was "very dangerous and it will not continue".
They added, "We will see what happens. We think that lots of good things could happen, and we could also have a bad solution."
Despite the tough rhetoric, Trump insisted that "nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump."
South Korea's presidential Blue House said in a statement on Saturday the United States and China were working to resolve the North Korea crisis, and it hoped the two leaders' phone call "will be able to resolve the peak of tension and act as a catalyst for the situation to move on to a new dimension."
TRUMP TO GUAM: "YOU'RE SAFE"
Guam, the Pacific island that is a U.S. territory and home to a U.S. air base, a Navy installation, a Coast Guard group and around 6,000 U.S. military personnel, posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack.
North Korean state news agency KCNA said on Thursday the North Korean army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land in the sea 18 to 25 miles (30 to 40 km) from Guam.
Japan's government decided to deploy its Patriot missile defence system to four locations in the west of the country, media reported. No one at Japan's defence ministry was available to comment on Saturday.
People participate in a Pyongyang city mass rally held at Kim Il Sung Square on August 9, 2017, to fully support the statement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) government in this photo released on August 10, 2017 by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang. KCNA/via REUTERS
The governor of Guam, Eddie Baza Calvo, posted a video on Facebook of themselves speaking with Trump. "We are with you a thousand percent. You are safe," Trump told Calvo.
Washington wants to stop Pyongyang from developing nuclear missiles that could hit the United States. North Korea sees its nuclear arsenal as protection against the United States and its partners in Asia.
Trump said they were considering additional sanctions on North Korea, adding these would be "very strong." They gave no details and did not make clear whether they meant unilateral or multilateral sanctions.
U.S. officials have said new U.S. steps targeting Chinese banks and firms doing business with Pyongyang are in the works, but these have appeared to be put on hold to give Beijing time to show it is serious about enforcing new U.N. sanctions.
BACK CHANNELS
FILE PHOTO: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un reacts with scientists and technicians of the DPRK Academy of Defence Science after the test-launch of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang July 5, 2017. KCNA/via REUTERS
Trump said they did not want to talk about diplomatic "back channels" with North Korea after U.S. media reports that Joseph Yun, the U.S. envoy for North Korea policy, had engaged in diplomacy for several months with Pak Song Il, a senior diplomat at Pyongyang's U.N. mission, on the deteriorating ties and the issue of Americans imprisoned in North Korea.
But Daniel Russel, until April the top U.S. diplomat for East Asia, said this so-called New York channel had been a relatively commonplace means of communication with North Korea over the years, and was not a forum for negotiation.
"It's never been a vehicle for negotiations and this doesn't constitute substantive U.S.-DPRK dialogue," they said, using the acronym for North Korea's formal name, Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Both Moscow and Berlin expressed alarm over the rise in rhetoric over North Korea, and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov urged Pyongyang and Washington to sign up to a joint Russian-Chinese plan by which North Korea would freeze missile tests and the United States and South Korea would impose a moratorium on large-scale military exercises. Neither the United States nor North Korea has embraced the plan.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said there is no military solution, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer."
The French presidency said North Korea was engaged in a "dangerous escalation" of tensions.
President Emmanuel Macron "calls for all parties to act responsibly and prevent any further escalation in tensions," the Elysee palace said in a statement.
Trump and Macron spoke on Saturday. The White House said Trump reiterated the U.S. commitment to stop the "North Korean nuclear menace" and said Washington was ready with diplomatic, economic and military measures.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said blame for problems lay with North Korea, and that the international community was "shoulder to shoulder" in efforts to stop North Korean aggression.
"We are working with the US and our partners in the region to bring this crisis to a diplomatic end," they tweeted.
As the rhetoric has ratcheted up, South Koreans are buying more ready-to-eat meals for emergency use, and the government aims to expand nationwide civil defence drills planned for Aug. 23. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You would hard push to someone who doesn't want to win the lottery - and if you've bought a ticket then this could be your lucky week.
There's a big jackpot up for grabs, but if you don't have any luck matching six numbers, you might fare better in the raffle which creates one guaranteed UK millionaire every draw.
And if you only match two numbers, you can always use your free Lucky Dip to try again next week.
Check back here again after the draw to see results.
Lotto draws take place every Wednesday and Saturday at approximately 8.30pm .
The jackpot for today - May 30 - is an estimated £1.8million.
Think what you could do with all that money.
You can play Lotto online every day from 8am until 11pm.
On the days of the draws, Wednesday and Saturday, ticket sales close at 7.30pm - so make sure you've got your ticket before then.
Sales reopen at 9pm after the draw has taken place, so you can buy your ticket for the next Lotto.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Heidelberger Beteiligungsholding AG:
* FY EARNINGS AFTER TAX OF APPROX. EUR 0.9 MILLION (PREVIOUS YEAR: AROUND EUR 2.5 MILLION)
* FY EARNINGS BEFORE TAXES OF ABOUT 1.3 MILLION EUR (PREVIOUS YEAR: C. 2.6 MILLION EUR) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing Co and Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA would include the creation of a third company, a government source told Reuters.
Earlier on Friday, Globo TV reported that Embraer had accepted Boeing's new proposal to form a third company to make passenger planes, and that the new entity would not involve Embraer's defense division. (Reporting by Ricardo Brito Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Ingredients
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup brown sugar
2 eggs, beaten
2 1/3 cups mashed overripe bananas
How to make creamy coconut porridge
How to prepare vegetable fritters
How to make crab cakes
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
In a large bowl, combine flour, baking soda, and salt. In a separate bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar.
Stir in eggs and mashed bananas until well blended.
Stir banana mixture into flour mixture; stir just to moisten. Pour batter into prepared loaf pan.
Bake in preheated oven for 60 to 65 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf, comes out clean.
Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack.
Peter Polansky of Thornhill, Ont., lost 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded on Wednesday. Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday.
PARIS—The Canadian contingent is the men's singles draw at the French Open is down to one.
The loss leaves No. 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., as the lone remaining Canadian in singles. The 19-year-old faces Maximilian Marterer in a second-round match on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa is off to a winning start in doubles. The fifth-seeded team of Dabrowski and Yifan Xu of China downed Tessah Andrianjafitrimo and Fiona Ferro of France 6-3, 6-1 in a first-round match on Wednesday.
Daniel Nestor and Adil Shamsadin of Toronto and Vasek Pospisil of Vancouver play men's doubles matches later on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EUROPACORP SA:
* CONFIRMS AGAIN THAT IT HAS INITIATED DISCUSSIONS WITH VARIOUS POTENTIAL FINANCIAL AND/OR INDUSTRIAL PARTNERS IN ORDER TO REINFORCE ITS FINANCIAL CAPACITY.
* ALL OF THESE DISCUSSIONS ARE STILL AT A PRELIMINARY STAGE
* WILL INFORM THE MARKET ONCE A PROJECT WILL BE CONCRETE
* SAYS "AT THIS STAGE ANY “ANNOUNCEMENT” CONCERNING THE NAME OF ANY FUTURE PARTNER WHATSOEVER IS NOT AN INFORMATION BUT A SPECULATION. " Source text: bit.ly/2GIJ0Jl Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bravo has renewed their scripted series “Imposters” for a second season.
Season 2 will consist of 10 episodes, and will head into production this fall. No premiere date has been set for the sophomore season.
“Imposters” follows a persona-shifting con artist, played by Inbar Lavi, and their three most recent victims. Robbed of both their money and their hearts, the trio teams up to chase the woman who has left them questioning everything they believed to be true. Along the way, they learn the art of the con themselves, becoming embroiled in a thrilling game of cat and mouse that includes the beautiful grifter, their mysterious boss and their deliciously psychotic henchman, as well as the FBI.
The series is executive produced by Adam Brooks and Paul Adelstein, who stars on Bravo's “Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce.” Universal Cable Productions is the studio.
The renewal announcement was made Monday night during an FYC panel in Los Angeles, moderated by Adelstein, who surprised the cast with the Season 2 news. On hand at the event was star Lavi, along with cast members Rob Heaps, Parker Young, Marianne Rendón, Stephen Bishop and Brian Benben.
“‘Imposters' has truly resonated with our audience and critics alike with its unique brand of suspense and humor,” said Frances Berwick, president of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment's Lifestyle Networks. “We're excited to see what the future holds for this unlikely band of flawed, but lovable characters that our talented creators and actors have fully brought to life.”
“Adam, Paul and our wonderful cast and crew are delivering a mad and merry show that makes us all proud. We're excited that even more people will be able to join the party next season,” added Jeff Wachtel, president and chief content officer of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment
The first-year student season debuted in February and wrapped earlier this month. Averaging more than 1.4 million viewers in delayed viewing per episode, “Imposters” grew steadily throughout its first-year student run, and garnered the fastest in-season growth of any new scripted series on ad-supported cable with a 23% increase in the 18-49 demo from the first to second half of the season.
In Variety‘s review of the Bravo series, critic Sonia Soraiya wrote, “‘Imposters' walks a fine line between primetime soap and buddy comedy, with varying degrees of success.”
“Imposters” marks the third scripted show for Bravo, following “Girlfriends Guide to Divorce” and “Odd Mom Out.”
MADRID — Just three hours after female talent was amply awarded at Sweden's Göteborg Festival, Scandinavia's biggest film event, Isabel Coixet's “The Bookshop” topped the 32nd Goya Awards Saturday night, winning best picture, director and adapted screenplay.
Healthily sold abroad by Celsius, and a sturdy box office performer in Spain, where it has earned $2.9 million, “The Bookshop” is produced by Spain's A Contracorriente Films and Diagonal TV and Zephyr Films. A big-screen makeover of Penelope Fitzgerald's quietly subversive 1978 novel, about a widow opening up a bookshop in a sleepy coastal town, “The Bookshop's” triumph represents only the second time an English-language movie has won the best picture Goya. The first was Coixet's “The Secret Life of Words” in 2006.
A coming-of-ager – and ode to diversity – hailed by Variety as a “delicate sleeper,” Carla Simon's debut “Summer 1993” took first feature at the Goyas, as well breakthrough actor (Bruna Cursi) and supporting actor (David Verdaguer). It is one of the flagships of the newest generation of Catalán filmmakers, many of whom are women.
Related Raul Arevalo's ‘The Fury of a Patient Man' Tops Spain's 31st Goya Awards ‘A Monster Calls,' Sigourney Weaver, Penelope Cruz Among Spanish Academy Goya Nominations
Women did not, however, exactly sweep the board at the 32nd Goya Awards. A flagship for the modern Basque cinema, Jon Garaño' and Aitor Arregi's “Giant” produced by Irusoin and Kowalski Films swept most plaudits. Set in 1836 in a backward rural Basque Country, “Giant,” about two brothers' deep affective bonds surviving grinding poverty, romantic rivalry, war and wrenching modernization, swept original screenplay, breakthrough actor (Eneko Sagardoy), and seven technical awards.
Javier Gutiérrez's scooped the best actor for Manuel Martín Cuenca's “The Motive” where they play a talentless wannabe novelist, who manipulates the lives of their neighbors to inspire their prose.
Nathalie Poza took actor for their performance in dramedy “Can't Say Goodbye,” beating out Emily Mortimer (“The Bookshop”) and Penelope Cruz (“Loving Pablo), just as Bill Nighy and Javier Bardem lost out in the best actor race. Beyond Bardem's win for “Biutiful,” there is little tradition of the Goyas awarding foreign or Hollywood-based actors.
It was, however, women and their campaign in Spain to swell their presence in its cinema, which proved the insistent trending topic of the 2018 kudos ceremony.With female attendees sporting bright red fans with #masmujeres slogans, multiple Spanish film industry attendees, J.A. Bayona among them, called for women to receive 50% of governmental film subsidies in Spain. They waved them, making the auditorium look as if it had been invaded by red butterflies, roaring on Spanish Academy vice-president Nora Navas as they attacked gender violence in one speech.
“I'm in favor of all kinds of quotas and anything which can contribute to change,” Cruz said on the red carpet. “If a man earns 20 and a woman 10, the woman should denounce that, supported by the man,“ added Bardem.
Almodóvar muse Marisa Paredes (“The Flower of My Secret”) accepted an honorary Goya, bringing the Goya Awards audience to its feet.
In its battle for larger gender balance, Spain is a long way off, however. It was notable that the screenplay for a ceremony which served as a platform for the revindication of women's rights was written by five men. Of the 2,270 people making the 154 features presented for 2018's Goyas, 24% were women. Drilling down, women made up 16% of their directors and 26% of their producers, according to a study by CIMA, Spain's Women's Audiovisual Assn. Only four women have won the best director awards in 32 Goya editions. Of the 25 highest-budgeted Spanish films last year, none were directed by a woman, said actor Pepa Charro.
2018's highest-grossing Spanish movie, earning $21.3 million in Spain, and backed by Telecinco Cinema and Movistar +, Enrique Gato's adventure romp “Tadeo Jones 2,” won the best animation feature, as animation promises some of the biggest movie titles from Spain in upcoming years.
Julita Salmerón provided some of the best comedy of the night in a impromptu acceptance speech for son Gustavo Salmerón's docu-feature winner, of which they are the star, “Lots of Kids, a Monkey and a Castle,” which they dedicated to all mothers. The title already won the best documentary at Karlovy Vary.
Oscar-nominated “A Fantastic Women” took the best foreign Spanish-language film, accepted by its Chilean director Sebastián Lelio. “Rebellion, resistence and love,” said star Daniela Vega, in maybe the shortest acceptance speech of the night. Ruben Ostlund's “The Square,” a Palme d'Or winning Oscar nominee, took the best European film.
The longest applause of the night, however, went to Reyes Abades, the dean of Spanish VFX, who died this week, having won nine Goyas after learning their craft on such films as “Patton.”
2018 SPANISH ACADEMY GOYA AWARDS
And the winners are:
PICTURE
“The Bookshop,” (Isabel Coixet)
DIRECTOR
Isabel Coixet
FIRST-TIME DIRECTOR
Carla Simón, (“Summer 1993”)
ACTRESS
Nathalie Poza, (“Can't Say Goodbye”)
ACTOR
Javier Gutiérrez, (“The Motive”)
SUPPORTING ACTRESS
Adelfa Calvo, (“The Motive”)
SUPPORTING ACTOR
David Verdaguer, (“Summer 1993”)
ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
Aitor Arregi, Andoni de Carlos, Jon Garaño, José Mari Goenaga, (“Giant”)
ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
Isabel Coixet, (“The Bookshop”)
CINEMATOGRAPHY
Javier Agirre Erauso, (“Giant”)
ORIGINAL MUSIC
Pascal Gaigne, (“Giant”)
BREAKTHROUGH PERFORMANCE, ACTOR
Eneko Sagardoy, (“Giant”)
BREAKTHROUGH PERFORMANCE, ACTRESS
Bruna Cusí, (“Summer 1993”)
ANIMATED FEATURE
“Tad the Lost Explorer and the Secret of King Midas,” David Alonso, Enrique Gato
FOREIGN SPANISH-LANGUAGE FILM
“A Fantastic Woman,” (Sebastián Lelio, Chile, U.S., Germany, Spain)
EUROPEAN PICTURE
“The Square,” Ruben Östlund (Sweden)
DOCUMENTARY
“Lots of Kids, a Monkey and a Castle,” Gustavo Salmerón
HONORARY GOYA
Marisa Paredes
LIVE-ACTION SHORT FILM
“Mother,” (Rodrigo Sorogoyen)
ANIMATED SHORT FILM
“Woody & Woody,” (Jaume Carrió)
DOCUMENTARY SHORT
“The Inherited,” Laura Ferrés
EDITING
Laurent Dufreche, Raúl López (“Giant”)
LINE PRODUCTION
Ander Sistiaga, (“Giant”)
COSTUME DESIGN
Saioa Lara, (“Giant”)
ART DIRECTION
Mikel Serrano, (“Giant”)
SOUND
Aitor Berenguer, Gabriel Gutiérrez, Nicolas de Poulpiquet, (“Verónica”)
MAKEUP AND HAIR DESIGN
Ainhoa Eskisabel, Olga Cruz y Gorka Aguirre, (“Giant”)
SPECIAL EFFECTS
Jon Serrano y David Heras, (“Giant”)
ORIGINAL SONG
“La llamada,” Leiva (“Holy Camp”)
A Denton police officer was arrested Monday in connection with an alleged assault on a female caller, according to a press release from the Denton Police Department.
A patrol supervisor and patrol officer responded to the call and conducted an investigation. They determined there was probable cause to arrest the officer on a charge of assault related to family violence.
The officer, Eric Beckwith, was dispatched to an address in Denton at about 5:30 a.m. in reference to a physical disturbance reported the same night. The caller reported that Beckwith assaulted them They sustained a minor injury and did not require immediate medical attention, according to the press release.
Beckwith was transported to the City of Denton Jail and placed on administrative leave.  They are waiting to be arraigned by the magistrate.
Featured Image: File
McDonald's is testing a vegan burger!
McDonald's has just announced a new addition to its fast food lineup: The McVegan.
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO) – McDonald's has just announced a new addition to its fast food lineup: The McVegan.
McDonald's is famous for their hamburgers, cheeseburgers and fries. Now the company is trying their hand at a meatless burger.
But if you live in the U.S., hold off on the excitement, the new menu option is being tested in Finland.
McDonald's gave customers a first look at what the McVegan looks like on their Finnish website. The meatless burger features a soy patty and can be served with vegan fries,
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
Another very large entry of store cattle, weanlings and sucklers in Markethill on Saturday, 15th April continued to sell in an exceptionally strong trade.
190 store heifers attracted buyers and sellers from throughout Northern Ireland.
Good quality forward heifers sold from £200 to £228 per 100k for 504k Char at £1150 for a Newtownhamilton farmer. Top price £1260 for 600k for a Newry farmer. Main demand for forward heifers from £200 to £212 per 100k.
Midweight heifers sold to £239 per100k for 412k at £985 for a Nutts Corner farmer. Main demand from £200 to £226 per 100k.
Lightweight heifers sold to £249 per 100k for 394k at £980 for a Nutts Corner farmer. Main demand from £205 to £235 per 100k.
170 bullocks continued to sell in an excellent trade with forward bullocks from £200 to £226 per 100k for 504k at £1140 for a Belleeks farmer.
Good quality midweights from £210 to £233 per 100k for 488k at £1135.
Friesian bullocks sold from £145 to £159 per 100k for 648k at £1020 for a Rathfriland farmer, top price £1030 for 670k.
150 weanlings sold in a steady trade, good quality males from £230 to £282 per 100k for 284k at £800. Suitable hifer weanlings sold from £220 to £269 for 316k Char at £850 for an Armagh farmer.
A large entry of sucklers sold in excellent demand. Keady farmer sold a Lim cow and a bull calf at £1580, Gilford farmer sold Char cow and bull calf at £1520. Several more outfits sold from £1100 to £1460 each.
Forward heifers: Newtownhamilton farmer 504k £1150 229p/k: Gilford farmer 556k £1170 211p/k: Loughgilly farmer 602k £1260 209p/k: Cullyhanna farmer 526k £1100 209p/k: Cullyhanna farmer 560k £1170 209p/k: Jonesborough farmer 528k £1095 207p/k: Banbridge farmer 514k £1055 205p/k:.
Middleweight heifers: Nutts Corner farmer 412k £985 239p/k: Silverbridge farmer 470k £1060 226p/k: Loughgilly farmer 428k £945 221p/k: Cullyhanna farmer 488k £1055 216p/k: Nutts Corner farmer 408k £880 216p/k: Killylea farmer 416k £890 214p/k: Markethill farmer 402k £855 213p/k: Mullaghbawn farmer 410k £870 212p/k.
Lightweight heifers: Nutts Corner farmer 394k £980 249p/k: Milford farmer 342k £805 235p/k: Sixmilecross farmer 324k £755 233p/k: Keady farmer 332k £770 232p: Milford farmer 332k £765 230p/k: Nutts Corner farmer 380k £865 228p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 394k £885 225p/k: Nutts Corner farmer 394k £875 222p/k.
Forward steers: Belleeks farmer 504k £1140 226p/k: Outlacken farmer 504k £1130 224p/k: Tandragee farmer 518k £1125 217p/k: Armagh farmer 600k £1270 212p/k: Markethill farmer 538k £1135 211p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 536k £1125 210p/k: Jonesborough farmer 518k £1085 209p/k: Annaghmore farmer 542k £1130 208p/k.
Middleweight steers: Belleeks farmer 488k £1135 233p/k: Keady farmer 422k £965 229p/k: Keady farmer 406k £915 225p/k: Belleeks farmer 492k £1100 224p/k: Outlacken farmer 486k £1085 223p/k: Keady farmer 426k £940 221p/k: Annaghmore farmer 444k £970 218p/k: Jonesborough farmer 418k £910 218p/k.
Friesian steers: Rathfriland farmer 648k £1020 158p/k: 670k £1030 154p/k: Markethill farmer 550k £845 154p/k: Rathfriland farmer 656k £1000 152p/k: Lurgan farmer 516k £780 151p/k: Markethill farmer 526k £790 150p/k: Loughgall farmer 530k £790 149p/k: Markethill farmer 582k £865 149p/k.
Male weanlings: Newtownhamilton farmer 284k £800 282p/k: Loughgall farmer 244k £685 281p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 242k £645 267p/k: Markethill farmer 234k £615 263p/k: Portadown farmer 298k £770 258p/k: Crossmaglen farmer 280k £720 257p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 236k £605 256p/k: Loughgall farmer 282k £715 254p/k.
Female weanlings: Armagh farmer 316k £850 269p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 316k £815 258p/k: Portadown farmer 336k £840 250p/k: Newtownhamilton farmer 338k £840 249p/k: Markethill farmer 328k £770 235p/k: Loughgall farmer 326k £760 233p/k: Crossmaglen farmer 310k £715 231p/k: Poyntzpass farmer 308k £700 227p/k.
The provincial government has signed another quick deal giving thousands of civil servants a 7.5-per-cent raise over four years, prompting accusations the Liberals are buying labour peace for next June's election.Treasury Board President Liz Sandals said Wednesday that it made sense to negotiate contract extensions early to avoid any possibility of strikes and interruptions to government services.“No matter what the political context, it is always good news when you have a longer collective agreement because then you have a longer period of workplace stability,” they told reporters.“That's a good thing for everybody.”The deals with the Ontario Public Service Employees Union (OPSEU) and a separate bargaining agent, the Association of Management, Administrative and Professional Crown Employees of Ontario (AMAPCEO) representing managerial and professional employees in government must still be ratified by their members.Article Continued BelowProgressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown said renegotiating the two contracts many months before they were to expire is fishy with an election looming on June 7, 2018 and parties already jockeying for position.“It's no coincidence,” Brown maintained, suggesting the government could have bargained harder to get a better deal for taxpayers.“This is once again about the government looking at their own interests. This is about Liberal Party interest not the greater interest of the province of Ontario.”
The Philadelphia Phillies have reached agreement to bring back reliever Pat Neshek to bolster their bullpen, giving them a two-year contract worth between $16 million and $17 million, according to multiple reports.
Neshek was 5-3 with a 1.59 ERA in 71 relief appearances combined with Colorado and Philadelphia last season. They held right-handed hitters to a .201 average and had 69 strikeouts in 62 1/3 innings.
A two-time All-Star, Neshek was traded from the Phillies to the playoff-bound Rockies for three minor league players midway through the season.
Neshek, 37, has a 33-22 career record with eight saves, a 2.75 ERA and 447 strikeouts in 445 2/3 innings. They have pitched in 494 games -- all relief appearances -- for Minnesota, San Diego, Oakland, St. Louis, Houston, Philadelphia and Colorado.
Release of upcoming Jackie Chan film “The Knight of Shadows: Between Yin and Yang” is now confirmed for 2019, after the producers expanded the visual effects component. Now in post-production, the film is a fantasy martial arts comedy mounted on a vast scale, directed by Vash (aka Jia Lu) and produced by Kiefer Liu, one of the pioneers of 3D in China (“The Monkey King” series.)
The story involves a demon whose mission is to save humanity from fearsome invaders. Chan stars, along with Ethan Juan (“Monga”) and Elane Zhong, the actor who shot to stardom following Feng Xiaogang's “Youth.”
“Shadows” is presented by iQIYI Pictures, Sparkle Roll Media, and Golden Shore Films & Television Studio, with sales handled by Hong Kong's Golden Network.
The company is also pre-selling “Golden Job,” a Hong Kong crime-action film directed by choreographer Chin Ka-lok (“Cold War,” “Motorway”). The globe-trotting story involves mercenaries who attempt to steal medicine that the CIA is hoarding. Stars include Ekin Cheng, Jordan Chan, Michael Tse, Chin Ka-lok, and Jerry Lamb. Filming took place in China, Inner Mongolia, Japan, Montenegro and Romania. Presented by Beijing Sparkle Roll Media Corporation and The Entertainer Production Company the film is set for delivery later this year.
Golden Network also has Ding Shi's “The Ladybug,” which was released in China at the beginning of Feb., and Roy Szeto's “Shed Skin Papa,” which played recently in the Tokyo and Udine festivals and is set for imminent commercial release.
Kashmir issue has taken a central stage in the bi-lateral relations between Pakistan and India. Political point scoring by the two states as the Kashmir issue has been made such an imperative piece of their national minds that these announcements satisfy their jingoistic cravings. There are attempts by Pakistan to show to the world that the Kashmir issue is fuelled by local grievances for which India is responsible. However, India is endeavouring to shut all data leaving valley and attempting to pin fault on periphery gatherings which according to India have support from inside Pakistan.
Nonetheless, in the midst of this diplomatic wrangling, the voice of Kashmiris is notably absent and this is the part which needs to be worked on to give justice to them. Interestingly the resolution of Kashmir dispute lacks solid blueprint. For them starting from Dogra rule struggle hasn't ended and it will not unless they are given rights as free citizens enjoy. Hence this struggle shouldn't be made merely a territorial dispute but the lives of people be made better through settlement aimed at resolving the issue.
AMARA MAJID
Lahore
Related
Wizards, pies, hedgehogs and new genderless characters will all be arriving on your iPhone and iPad soon, thanks to an upcoming update to iOS 11.
Emoji have been a very bizarre — if not somewhat predictable — evolution in how we communicate, but the standard is always evolving. Though Unicode showed off the 2017 list back in March, today we have our first look at the designs Apple will be putting onto iOS, macOS and watchOS in future updates.
This is just a partial look; we'll be able to see the “hundreds of new emoji” when Apple seeds a beta of iOS 11.1 to developers and public beta users next week. These include new options like “Woman with Headscarf,” “Bearded Person” and “Sandwich.”
You can take a look at some of the new emoji below, including what could likely be the cutest emoji ever and the most deeply unsettling.
This year marks the centenary of the birth of legendary Swedish director Ingmar Bergman, which was celebrated at this year's 30th Göteborg Intl. Film Festival.
In 1976 Bergman had organized a press conference in Oslo, where they and Liv Ullmann would talk about their upcoming film, ”Autumn Sonata.”
On the day of the talk my good friend, Danish director Peter Refn, was set to open a French film festival at their Grand Theatre at Copenhagen. ”Perfect,” I thought: ”Brunch in Copenhagen, press conference in Oslo, then back to the party in Copenhagen.”
At the Grand, Refn introduced me to French actor Jeanne Moreau, who was there with their first film as a director, ”Lumière.” When I apologized for not being able to stay for the screening – and I told them the reason – they asked me: ”Can I come with you?”
“Pardon?”
“Can I go with you to see Bergman?”
“Of course I can't decide what you are doing, but I am sure Refn will kill me if I abduct their star director.”
“O.K. then, can you take them a letter?”
Moreau wrote the letter, and when I got to Stockholm, I left a message for Bergman saying I had a letter from Jeanne Moreau.
Related Amateurs' Tops the Goteborg Film Fest Göteborg: Eyewell Picks Up Antti-Jussi Annila's ‘The Eternal Road' (EXCLUSIVE)
After the press conference at the Royal Hotel, with several hundred journalists, Bergman rose. “I understand one of you has a letter to me from Jeanne Moreau.”
I went up and gave it to him, told them how I got it, and asked them for an interview later – they usually gave few.
“You sort this out,” they said to their secretary, asking me, ”Will you see Jeanne Moreau again?” When I told them I was going back to the festival in Copenhagen, they asked me to take them a letter. Now it was Bergman's turn to write, and later that day I gave it to them over a a glass of red at the Grand Café.
Three weeks later Bergman's Swedish production company, Cinematograph, called, saying I could interview them at Stockholm's Royal Dramaten Theatre, where they were head of drama. They were waiting for me at the entrance and we went to their office where they took of their shoes, put their feet on the table, and we talked for two hours.
A couple years later, Bergman donated 46 boxes of memorabilia to the Swedish Film Institute in Stockholm. A friend of mine, Aina Bellis, was sorting them out, and they showed me the script of ”Fanny and Alexander.” On each page they had drawn red devils, and on some shopping lists.
“It is true that whenever Bergman and Moreau are in the same city, they meet,” they told me, “I don't know why.”
I wondered what their relationship was, but it took me several years to find out from a Canadian film critic and Bergman expert, whom I met at the Cannes Festival.
After Moreau had ended a passionate love affair with French director Louis Malle, they felt they were the unhappiest woman in the world. ”Who will understand me? Ingmar Bergman,” they thought, having seen their film ”The Summer with Monika,” which was to them a revelation of cinema.
They wrote them a letter, then another, and finally after the third, they responded. They met for the first time in Berlin, which started a lifelong friendship. Unfortunately, as they once told Nice Martin in Cannes, ”I always wanted to make a film with Ingmar Bergman, but it never happened.”
Bergman died in 2007, aged 89; Moreau in 2016, also at 89.
Join Plus+ and get exclusive shows and extensions! Subscribe Today!
Cryptobotany and Cryptozoology are featured this week with mystical plants, murderous trees and the mystery creatures of China.
We then ambitiously try and connect ‘The Secret Fish Man from Guangdong' to MIB cases in the UK and the Phantom Social Workers that terrified a nation.
Sponsors
Altered Carbon – Based on Richard K. Morgan's cyberpunk novel, Altered Carbon is a hardboiled detective noir set 300 years in the future. Begins streaming February 2nd. Only On Netflix.
Audible – Click HERE to get a FREE audiobook with your 30 day trail!
Links
Plus+ Extension
The extension of the show is EXCLUSIVE to Plus+ members. To join, click HERE.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Meteorologist Kevin Arnone
More snow is in the forecast for eastern New England, an area that has been hit quite frequently the past week or so. Our neighbors to the north are expecting another system to drop plowable snowfall across much of the region. Above is a look at the RPM model for the next 48 hours or so.
Much of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont is already covered by over 2 feet of snow. Some areas are over 50 inches! Check out the snow depth map below. Areas highlighted in green are over 2 feet of snow pack. But Connecticut is going to miss out on even more snow. The snow pack in Connecticut ranges from a few inches along parts of the Connecticut shoreline to near 20 inches in areas of northern CT.
Two separate systems one to our north and one one to our south will phase too late to bring CT anything more than just a dusting of snow over the next 48 hours. However, as these two systems phase offshore, together they are forecast to blanket most of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont with close to a foot of snow and even more in the mountains. Very good for ski resorts and snowmobile trails but not good for those who are already tired of shoveling their driveways.
Thanks for reading!
Meteorologist Kevin Arnone
Facebook or Twitter!
Creaking systems are going to let down the NHS if the technological future of the health service is not secured, leading think-tanks have warned.
Calls are being made today for Theresa May to make good on their promise of investment in NHS technology – from earlier diagnoses to lifesaving apps and
devices – in order to give patients the best possible care in future.
Technology “has the potential to transform healthcare” if properly funded, the think-tanks said, just weeks after the Prime Minister's speech on the future of the NHS, in which they outlined the field as central to their plans.
'I'm a lucky boy': Sheffield man's praise for NHS after robot-assisted surgery
Mrs May pledged that the NHS in England will get an extra £20bn a year in funding by 2023 as it prepares to celebrate its 70th anniversary tomorrow.
It comes as a landmark report, led by former Health Minister Lord Ara Darzi, suggested the NHS could free up time by investing in automation technology.
Tom Kibasi, director of the IPPR think-tank, said: “It's essential that the Government follows through on Theresa May's promise to adopt our recommendation for a ‘tilt towards tech' across the health service.
"Our report looked hard at what the NHS needs in order to provide world-beating healthcare for a changing population in the decades to come.
"We recommended increased long-term funding, equivalent to around 3.5 per cent growth every year. The Prime Minister's funding commitment almost meets that target."
The Yorkshire Post says: NHS side-effects. Role of technology and after-care
During the Prime Minister's speech on the NHS' future last month, they pointed to the latest innovations in healthcare and said the nation has the chance to “lead the world” in the use of data and technology.
In conclusion, Mrs May said the Government's long-term plan for the NHS "needs to view technology as more than supporting what the NHS" is already doing.
“It must expand the boundaries of what the NHS can do in the future, in the fastest, safest and most ambitious way possible," they said.
Mr Kibasi said the IPPR think tank's research found that by investing in "far-reaching" automation technology, the health service could save up to £12.5bn a year in costs by freeing up time for front line staff.
"A further £6bn worth of professional time could be released through automation within social care, where 30 per cent of the work could be carried out by adapting technology that has already been proven," they added.
"Automating technologies will complement staff, enabling them to focus on the most highly skilled parts of their jobs, not replace them.”
Meanwhile, new studies produced this month by researchers from the Health Foundation, the Institute for Fiscal Studies, The King's Fund and the Nuffield Trust have shed new light on technology within the NHS.
In its key findings, the joint research report said that, while not a silver bullet for pressures facing the health service, "technological advances offer significant opportunities to improve health care".
Patients are embracing new technology and increasingly expect their care to be supported by it, the report found.
Sophie Castle-Clarke, report author and senior fellow in policy at the Nuffield Trust, said: "If the technological trends we have examined continue to progress, they have the potential to completely transform health care.
"Patients could see improved access to specialist advice, a better synergy between the information they collect daily about their own health and that held by the NHS, and, eventually, personalised treatments based on their own characteristics.
“What's more, our polling suggests that there is perhaps more willingness than we realised amongst the public of all age groups to embrace video consultations and health apps. That's a positive sign."
However, they warned that technology takes time to implement and choosing where to invest poses dilemmas.
A Department for Health spokesperson said: “To secure the future of the health service as it approaches its 70th birthday, the Prime Minister and Jeremy Hunt have recently announced they will increase NHS funding by an average 3.4 per cent per year, which will see the NHS receive £20.5bn a year in real terms by 2023.
"And just this week we have announced £215m for new research to tackle the biggest challenges facing our health system, to secure it for the future.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Late last month, the chief financial officer at Akamai Technologies Inc (AKAM.O) identified an emerging risk for the network technology company's profit outlook: the U.S. dollar.
FILE PHOTO: A money changer holds U.S. dollar bills at a street in downtown Lima, Peru, December 15, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo - RC1A544714A0
Specifically, the surprisingly strong American dollar.
“We do expect some currency headwinds from the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the last couple of weeks,” Akamai CFO James Benson told analysts on an earnings conference call at the end of April.
Akamai, like hundreds of big U.S. companies, enjoyed a sales and profit boost from the dollar's steep decline through last year and into the first quarter of 2018.
But the greenback's downtrend abruptly reversed course in April as U.S. interest rates shot higher and European economic growth slowed. It now stands at the highest level in nearly seven months, meaning foreign currency earnings of U.S. multinationals can be worth less when translated back to dollars.
The dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of six currencies, has gained nearly 6 percent since April 17 but remains down about 2.7 percent year over year, as of Tuesday's close.
“It's too early to say we're going to see that impact show up in this next quarter, but I think we'll probably see it if it persists in the third quarter,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago, referring to U.S. quarterly results.
Against the euro, the greenback is down 3.2 percent year-over-year, compared with a year-over-year decline of 14 percent in mid April. It hit a 10-month high on Tuesday as investors balked at the prospect of repeat elections in Italy, which may become a de facto referendum on Italian membership of the currency bloc.
Analysts expect profit growth for S&P 500 companies to begin to slow, according to Thomson Reuters data, with first quarter's 26.3 percent increase possibly representing a peak for the current earnings uptrend. S&P 500 earnings have gained year-over-year since the third quarter of 2016.
They are forecasting profit growth of 22 percent for all of 2018 and 2019 growth to slow to 9.5 percent, based on the data.
The first-quarter jump in earnings - the biggest year-over-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2010 - was largely due to the corporate tax cuts that went into effect this year.
But Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimates currency moves in the first quarter provided a 2 percentage-point benefit to sales growth, the biggest boost from currency changes in six years.
The bank has estimated that in general a sustained 10 percent appreciation in the dollar results in a reduction in S&P 500 earnings per share of 3 to 4 percent.
Companies from many industries pointed to the dollar as a benefit to sales and earnings in the first quarter, including Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY.N), Mattel Inc (MAT.O), PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL.O), Tapestry Inc (TPR.N) and Intuitive Surgical Inc (ISRG.O).
In Akamai's case, it added 5 percentage points to first-quarter profit and 2 points to its sales.
For Facebook Inc (FB.O), a weaker dollar in the first quarter added $536 million to its revenue, increasing the social media company's top line by 49 percent, instead of 42 percent without the foreign exchange effect.
S&P 500 companies that generate 50 percent or more of their revenue outside the United States are on track for a first-quarter earnings increase of 30.5 percent, while companies that generate less than 50 percent of their revenue outside the United States are on track for a 24.8 percent earnings increase, based on Thomson Reuters data.
Analysts estimate that between 40 percent to 50 percent of S&P 500 sales come from abroad, with Asia and Europe accounting for the biggest portion.
“If the political situation in Italy worsens, the longer-term spillovers would be felt in the U.S. via a stronger dollar and lower European growth. This would act as a headwind, especially for some multinationals' corporate profits,” said Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz in Newport Beach, California.
To be sure, many analysts are sceptical the dollar strength will persist.
Sameer Samana, global equity and technical strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis, said they expect the dollar to decline into the year end, citing pressure from the U.S. deficit.
Yet, at its current pace, the dollar index could turn positive on a year-over-year basis sometime later this quarter or early in the third quarter.
Karl Schamotta, director of global product and market strategy at Cambridge Global Payments, in Toronto, said they had seen an increase in hedging activity, particularly companies that are exposed to a falling euro and Canadian dollar.
“Both of these factors are driving a pretty pronounced increase in hedging activity using forwards and options,” said Schamotta, referring to companies' use of derivatives to minimize foreign exchange risks.
Some equity strategists said next year could be the bigger problem if the dollar continues on its current path.
“If you measure on a year-over-year basis, the comps are going to look terrible,” said Robert Phipps, a director at Per Stirling Capital Management in Austin, Texas.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's annual inflation rate in June spiked to 5.21 percent from 4.19 percent in May - the biggest increase in nearly four years, the Bureau of Statistics said on Wednesday.
A man selling vegetables waits for customers at their makeshift stall at the Empress Market in Karachi, Pakistan April 2, 2018. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro/Files
The acceleration in price growth from May was the fastest since October 2014, the statistics bureau said.
On a month-on-month basis, the inflation rate was 0.57 percent in June, the bureau said.
Food items such as tomatoes, bananas, potatoes, and onions, as well as bus fares and children's shoes were the main reason behind the increase in month-on-month prices.
Fans hoist Washington mascot Harry the Husky after the team's 78-75 win over Arizona in an NCAA college basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Seattle. John Froschauer AP Photo
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Manchester United 1 Marcus Rashford 45+2 Manchester City 2 David Silva 43, Nicolas Otamendi 54 Halftime: 1-1;Attendance: 74,847 - - - Liverpool 1 Mohamed Salah 42 Everton 1 Wayne Rooney 77pen Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 53,082 - - - Southampton 1 Charlie Austin 3 Arsenal 1 Olivier Giroud 88 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 31,643 - - - Saturday, December 9 Newcastle United 2 Joselu 4, Dwight Gayle 73 Leicester City 3 Riyad Mahrez 20, Demarai Gray 60, Ayoze Perez 86og Halftime: 1-1;Attendance: 52,117 - - - Huddersfield Town 2 Steve Mounie 12,43 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Halftime: 2-0;Attendance: 24,018 - - - Burnley 1 Scott Arfield 45 Watford 0 Red Card: Marvin Zeegelaar 39 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 19,479 - - - Crystal Palace 2 Luka Milivojevic 41pen, Scott Dann 44 Missed penalty: Christian Benteke 90+3 Bournemouth 2 Jermain Defoe 10,45+3 Halftime: 2-2;Attendance: 24,823 - - - Swansea City 1 Wilfried Bony 81 West Bromwich Albion 0 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 19,580 - - - Tottenham Hotspur 5 Ryan Shawcross 21og, Son Heung-Min 53, Harry Kane 54,65, Christian Eriksen 74 Stoke City 1 Ryan Shawcross 80 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 62,202 - - - West Ham United 1 Marko Arnautovic 6 Chelsea 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 56,953 - - -
Thousands of Kenyans are counting their losses and several others displaced following heavy rains pounding various parts of the country.
Transport along the Mai -Mahiu – Narok ,Kitui- Mutomo and Mombasa highways was paralyzed for several hours after flood waters rendered sections of the roads impassable with the Kenya National Highways Authority urging motorists to exercise extra caution.
The heavy rains forced President Kenyatta to cancel their trip to Kakamega for the devolution conference citing bad weather forcing them to address the conference from state house Nairobi.
By Nyesha Stone
Teran Powell has turned their fellowship with WUWM 89.7 into a full-time position as their Race and Ethnicity Reporter. WUWM announced the gracious news through a press release earlier this month.
Next month, Powell will step into their new role and officially become a member of the WUWM News team. Before this, they began their work with WUWM through a fellowship. Powell is the first recipient of the Eric Von Fellowship, that began last year.
Eric Von may have left their physical form two years ago when they died, but their spirit lives on through their well-respected work in journalism. According to a press release, “The Von Fellowship is a one-year program that gives recently graduated journalism students the opportunity to work in a professional news environment, preparing stories for broadcast and digital platforms.”
Powell's from the windy city, but she's found a home in Milwaukee through their work media outlets. Powell graduated from Marquette University where they worked as a reporter for Marquette student media and the Milwaukee Neighborhood News Service. They also did some freelancing, and now she's starting their journey into a long career of journalism.
WUWM is Milwaukee's NPR that covers local and national issues through broadcast to southeastern Wisconsin.
Powell's goal is to tell the stories they believe need to be told, and through their new reporter position, she'll continue to do so.
(Reuters) - The teen charged with shooting 17 people dead at their former high school in Parkland, Florida, boasted of plans to commit mass murder in a series of cell phone videos recorded by them before the rampage and released on Wednesday by prosecutors.
Nikolas Cruz sits next to their attorneys appointed by the Broward Public Defender's Office as a judge determines if they can afford their own lawyer, in Broward Courthouse in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, U.S., April 11, 2018. Taimy Alvarez/Pool via REUTERS/Files
In one of the three video clips, Nikolas Cruz, 19, calmly declares, “Hello. My name is Nik and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” They go on to say: “My goal is to kill at least 20 people with an AR-15,” referring to the assault-style rifle they are seen holding in the footage.
Brandishing the rifle at another point, Cruz says: “You're all going to die,” adding with a chuckle, “Can't wait.”
The video clips were part of an inventory of prosecution evidence recently shared with the defense team during the pre-trial discovery process, said Constance Jones-Simmons, a spokesperson for the Broward County state attorney's office.
The Miami Herald and other media outlets obtained copies through a public records request after seeing mention of the footage in court documents, they told Reuters.
The three videos, none longer than 90 seconds in duration, are believed to have been made a short time before the shooting rampage on Feb. 14 at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, but Jones-Simmons said they did not know precisely when they were recorded.
Cruz, a former Stoneman Douglas student expelled for disciplinary problems, has been described by former classmates as a social misfit and trouble-maker who was fascinated with guns. Police have said they responded to numerous calls related to the teenager in the years leading up to the massacre.
But authorities, who say Cruz confessed to the killings after their arrest, have never offered a possible motive for the bloodshed. Release of the video “selfies,” posted online by the Herald, shed little new light on that question except to suggest Cruz felt they were treated as an outcast.
In one video, Cruz said their former classmates thought they were “an idiot and a dumb ass.” They also professed their love for a girl they mentioned only by first name, and said they hoped to see them in the “afterlife.”
The gun seen in the video is apparently the rifle authorities say Cruz legally purchased from a licensed gun dealer last year and ultimately used as the murder weapon.
 They are charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder stemming from the Parkland killings, which rank as the second-greatest loss of life from gun violence at a public school in modern U.S. history, after a 2012 shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, that left 20 first-graders and six adult educators dead.
The Florida shooting triggered an extraordinary protest movement and lobbying campaign for tougher gun control restrictions led by student survivors of the Parkland massacre and parents of the victims.
Cruz, whose own lawyer had called them a “broken human being” who feels remorse for their crimes, is being held in the Broward County jail without bond in Fort Lauderdale, and is on suicide watch, officials said.
Leading bourses NSE and BSE on Friday said trading will resume in shares of Parsvnath Developers and three others from Monday. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Shares of Parsvnath Developers, Pincon Spirit, Signet Industries and three others plunged up to 20% after trading resumed at their counters on Monday after the SAT stayed curbs imposed on these companies.
The scrip of Parsvnath Developers tumbled 9.81% to Rs21.15—its lower circuit limit—on BSE. Shares of Pincon Spirit slumped 19.96% to hit its lowest trading permissible limit for the day at Rs57.35.
Signet Industries plummeted 19.96% to Rs8.94—its lower circuit limit, SQS India BFSI plunged 15.86% to Rs422, its 52-week low.
Besides, shares of two companies—Kavit Industries and Kkalpana Industries (India) Ltd—listed only on BSE also tanked 4.90% to hit its lowest trading permissible limit for the day at Rs36.80 and 19.92% to Rs30.35 (lower circuit), respectively.
Leading bourses NSE and BSE on Friday said trading will resume in shares of Parsvnath Developers and three others from Monday after the SAT stayed curbs imposed on these companies.
Besides, shares of Kavit Industries and Kkalpana Industries will also start trading, BSE had said. The shares of these companies will be moved out of GSM (graded surveillance measures) framework and will be available for trading with effect from 14 August, the exchanges had said in similarly-worded circulars.
The move came after the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on Friday stayed trading restrictions imposed on these companies, which figured in a list of 331 “suspected shell companies” referred by the government to Sebi.
Bradley Cooper arrives at the Warner Bros. presentation at CinemaCon 2018, the official convention of the National Association of Theatre Owners, at Caesars Palace on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Las Vegas. Photo by Chris Pizzello
A few weeks ago, it was announced that the #HanSolo anthology movie would be revealing that Han Solo isn't actually Han Solo's name—at least, that's how we all interpreted it. This revelation came courtesy of #Disney CEO Bob Iger, who casually shared that the movie, starring Alden Ehrenrich as the younger version of our scruffy-looking nerf-herder, would explain how Han got their famous name. This had the entire Star Wars fanbase up in arms, as the Han Solo name is, of course, incredibly iconic and is not to be messed with.
More information was recently revealed about the movie at this year's #StarWarsCelebration. One notable piece was given by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy. When asked about the name change, they replied
“I'm not sure that that's entirely what Bob meant. There's more to Han Solo's name, but it's not that it's not their name. It's obviously their name. It will always be their name (laughs).”
While it will still be Solo's origin story, it will not be showing a different person than the one we know and love. Most likely what Iger meant with this statement was that it will show how Han Solo became the person that they are. The movie is set in the timespan of them being 18-24 years old and will show both how they meet Chewbacca, and how they obtain the Millenium Falcon. But the big thing is that Han Solo will continue to be Han Solo.
See Also:
So if you were one of those fans up in arms, you can now rest a little easier, knowing that one of the most iconic characters in #StarWars lore—and pop culture history—will always have the name that made them iconic in the first place.
So what do you think? Are you glad that Han Solo's name will go unchanged? What do you hope to see from the movie? Let me know your thoughts down below!!!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESAPEAKE, Va. - Reggie Barnett Jr. is preparing for the fight of their life. The Virginia resident will fight in the featured bout in the first sanctioned U.S. bare-knuckle boxing match in 130 years.
"I'm in fight mode, Reggie Jr. tells WTKR as they make final preparations for Saturday's showdown in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
At 757 Boxing, the gym Reggie Jr. owns with their dad, they put themselves through brutal workouts to make sure he's ready. On Tuesday afternoon, he's going through what they call a "light workout" consisting of sparing and other exercises in the ring, then circuits outside, switching between skipping rope, push ups, jump squats and more.
"I finally have the opportunity I was looking for to fight in front of the entire world," said Reggie Jr. after the workout was complete.
It's been a long road for the fighter, both in and out of the ring. Reggie Jr. has battled alcoholism, which previously landed them behind bars. The promoter of the fight had to go through 28 states before finding one who would be willing to legalize the bare-knuckle fight. They also went through countless fighters before choosing Reggie Jr. and the others who will spar that night. The showdown will also be on pay-per-view.
When WTKR first spoke with Reggie in 2016, they were making their comeback.
"I struggled with alcoholism for years, I just was so down and out that I decided that before I got locked up, that I needed to do something," they said.
Reggie Jr. has been fighting their whole life. They picked up gloves when they were 4 years old, but their parents wouldn't let them pursue it until two years later. Then, they lost seven fights, resulting in them deviating from the ring and heading to the diamond.
But baseball just didn't cut it. They also did cheerleading but wasn't a fan of being a flyer. That's when they decided to get back into boxing. They were successful, taking home state titles, even Junior Olympic titles.
When they were 18 and no longer needed their parents' permission, they decided to try MMA. After a rough start, they convinced a friend of theirs who does MMA to trade lessons.
"I told them I would teach them how to box if they would teach me how to grapple and we've been inseparable for a decade. He's been in my corner ever since," smiled Reggie Jr., adding their friend will definitely be there in Cheyenne.
Reflecting on when it hit them that they would be in the first bare-knuckle fight sanctioned in the U.S. in 130 years, Reggie alluded to a promotional poster.
"When that first poster came out I was like, 'Yes! This is really happening, there is no turning back," said Reggie Jr.
They got to work. For the past few months, Reggie Jr. has been punching brick walls at full force to build the bone density in their hands. They understand fighting may not be for everyone, especially the bare-knuckle variety.
"Some people look at it as being barbaric. To be a part of the rawest form of fighting there is and to make history at the same time it's ... I can't even explain."
However, he's hoping their fight does more than put on a show.
"It's not about being famous, it's that my name being mentioned and my journey to get to that point will hopefully inspire others to chase what they really like to do," Reggie Jr. said.
At least three ministers have reiterated their demand for Sasikala to take over the reins of the AIADMK government along with two of their Cabinet colleagues at the memorial of Jayalalithaa.
Revenue minister R. B. Uthayakumar, information and publicity minister Kadambur Raju and Hindu religious and charitable endowments minister Sevvoor S. Ramachandran stressed that the posts of AIADMK supremo and Chief Minister were held by one and the same since the party's inception and this practice should be continued.
Sasikala has turned into the central figure that even senior partymen are projecting.
Three-time Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam, in stark contrast, is not on posters or hoardings even in their hometown of Periyakulam in Theni district.
On Saturday, Sasikala Natarajan, a long-time close aide to late chief minister J Jayalalithaa, formally took over as the general secretary of the AIADMK in Chennai.
In their address to party workers, Sasikala broke down while talking about the late chief minister.
“Amma is not with us now but our party will rule here for the next 100 years…For Amma, party was life and for me, Amma is my life,” they said in Tamil. Thanking party leaders and supporters for nominating them as the next general secretary, Sasikala assured them that they would work hard for the party and for the crores of people of Tamil Nadu.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cooper Companies Inc:
* COOPER COMPANIES INC SAYS CEO ROBERT WEISS' FY 2017 TOTAL COMPENSATION WAS $6.6 MILLION VERSUS $6.5 MILLION IN FY 2016 - SEC FILING Source text: (bit.ly/2GGvrtK) Further company coverage:
CAIRO (Reuters) - The head of Egypt's railway authority, Medhat Shousha, has resigned following a train collision in Alexandria that killed at least 41 people, Transport Minister Hisham Arafat told reporters on Sunday.
A prosecutor had earlier ordered the detention of both train drivers and their assistants for 15 days, the state news agency MENA said.
In addition to the deaths, at least 133 people were injured when the two trains collided in the coastal city on Friday, the latest in a string of crashes on an antiquated transport network that have outraged the public.
Egyptians have long complained that successive governments have failed to enforce basic safeguards for the railways.
A witness said the trains rose into the air, "forming a pyramid", as they slammed into each other just outside a suburban station.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has ordered an inquiry into the crash. MENA said blood and urine samples had been taken from one driver to check for drug use.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Since announcing their shock split with husband of 17 years Matthew Roberts, former Big Brother host Davina McCall hasn't kept under the radar - making many a public appearance in a defiant show of strength.
This week, however, they seemed downcast and melancholic as they were spotted out and about running errands.
Having ditched their wedding band only days after the split - showcasing a bare ring finger while attending the Grassroots Soccer Annual Charity Gala in London last Friday evening - they appear to have merely now switched it over to their right hand.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
Cradling a coffee near their home in Bedfordshire, the 50-year-old chatted on the phone, while also showing off an injured middle finger.
Suggested to be a broken finger, they seemed to be maneuvering it quite fine as they held an iPhone to their ear as they braved the chilly conditions.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
Rugged up in a woolen black and white coat, a brown bag was slung over their shoulder while their black hair was tied in a loose bun.
They wore a pair of cropped flare jeans, and a grey sweater under their woollen coat - while they completed the look with a simple pair of black, heeled boots.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
Still sporting their ring after their split with Matthew - who has been spotted without his.
Two weeks ago, Davina announced the pair had split.
In a statement they said: "I am very sad to say that Matthew and I have separated.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
"Our amazing children are our number one priority, above everything else so therefore we ask for as much space and respect from the media as possible while our family goes through this difficult time."
Davina has three children with Matthew, Holly, 16, Tilly, 14, and Chester, 11, after marrying the former presenter in 2000 at Eastnor Castle, Herefordshire.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
Last week the popular personality took to Instagram to share a post-workout selfie, clearly loving the hit of endorphins after their jog.
They said: "Was working early today so thought I'd run after work! Feels funny in the dark! But... chuffed I did it' like I always say ... I've never regretted a workout x"
Fans loved the glimpse into their fitness regime - something the mother has become known for - taking to the comments section in droves.
"An absolute national treasure love you Davina.... fantastic fit body and a lovely person I look sad but everything takes time," one said.
(Image: Getty)
Another said: "Well done Davina I wish I owned an ounce of your sheer determination. Best foot forward."
While others used the snap as an opportunity to reach out to the star following their separation, commenting that although they seemed happy their eyes hid sadness.
"Things will always work out in the end. If they've not worked out yet, it's not the end. Love to you," one said.
"The eyes can always tell. I do hope you are ok? You are a beautiful woman, stay strong," another added.
While a third said: "I see sadness in those eyes. I hope you are okay and surrounded by good friends and family right now."
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):SAARC CCI Senior Vice President Iftikhar Ali Malik Wednesday said Pakistan always strive to make SAARC an important vehicle for regional cooperation based on principle of sovereign equality and still remained committed to SAARC objectives.
They said as a founding member, Pakistan has played important role in efforts aimed at realizing objectives of the organization and it also expects serious and sincere response by the member countries especially from India to explore its true potential for development of the region's economy and for its prosperity, says a press release issued here today.
They said SAARC has immense potential for strengthening economies of member countries and to promote collaboration in various areas of mutual significance. They said SAARC should continue to strive for achieving economic, cultural and social growth of the region.
They said connectivity is very important issue today and SAARC can play a great role in connectivity for the region.
Answering a question about their recent cancellation of tour to India, they said Pakistan always gave positive gesture to India and it is now responsibility of Indian government to come forward to strengthen bilateral relations setting aside its narrowness and prejudice.
“Whether by a uniformed man or a civilian premier, one has to accept that Pakistan has never shied away from offering friendship to India. It has done so several times in the past and even this time; it has welcomed the resumption of dialogue more eagerly than India.
India, on the other hand, suspended dialogue after the Pakistani envoy met with Hurriyat leaders,” they added.
Iftikhar Malik said India always accused Pakistan for cross border terrorism and it always forgot that Pakistan has been a victim of terrorism and has lost over 80,000 lives up until now in the ongoing war
on terror.
The Pakistani army is currently fighting a war, not just against a few terrorist groups but against the entire terrorist infrastructure itself; to ensure Pakistan's survival, they added.
They further said it is imperative that the heads of both countries develop a sense of the situation and advance towards improving relations. The SAARC CCI SAARC Development Fund (SDF) conference has ended, but the process for establishing and enduring peace is waiting to be initiated.
Replaying another question, they said Pakistan welcomed China offer of trilateral dialogue to help de-escalate tensions between India and Pakistan but it was rejected by the Indian government on the ground that Kashmir and other issues between Pakistan and India is bilateral issue and no other country can be allowed to interfere in this matter. Similarly, Nepalese government too offered its role but India again rejected this offer.
They appreciated the SAARC CCI President Ruwan Edirisinghe for their efforts to bring all SAARC member states together and hoped that under their dynamic leadership, SAARC CCI will become an effective platform.
 They are utilizing their best leadership flair and available resources for the promotion of trade and industry in South Asian region.
Iftikhar Malik said they are much optimistic that all SAARC state members under Ruwan leadership will dissolve all their political and trade related issues realizing that over the next 10 years, countries in the Asia region will play a competitive role in competing with each other or in parallel.
Published:
The Federal Capital Territory High Court has sentenced a former governor of Taraba state, Jolly Nyame, to 14 years in prison without an option of fine. The presiding judge, Justice Adebukola Banjoko, found the former governor guilty of corruption charges after been charged by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) with 41 counts of misappropriating the sum of N1.64bn in 2007.
Nyame was also found guilty of breach of trust involving their alleged fraudulent approval of N250m for the purchase of stationery and office equipment of December 30, 2004. Earlier, the court's surroundings wore an unusual look with police officers checking vehicles on the road and at the gate leading to the court.
The trial had largely been stalled by the successive appeals by Nyame challenging the validity of the charges instituted against them by EFCC in July 2007. The trial began to gain some speed when the Supreme Court laid the defendant's appeals against the validity of the charges to rest by dismissing it in 2016.
The prosecution's case against Nyame revolved around alleged diversion of N1.64bn of Taraba state's funds while they were governor. It alleged that the alleged criminal breach of trust was in breach of section 315 of the Criminal Code Act, the act of criminal misappropriation.
The prosecution led by Rotimi Jacobs (SAN) had on November 22, 2016, closed its case against Nyame after calling 14 witnesses. Nyame, testified in defence of themselves and called additional three witnesses. The former governor decked in a dark brown kaftan with a cap entered the courtroom at about 9.02am.
Share This
ISLAMABAD : The Supreme Court of Pakistan (SCP) to tackle the issue of water scarcity has ordered the immediate construction of Bhasha and Mohmand Dam.
The SC under Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar on Wednesday heard a case related to scarcity of water and construction of new dams.
Water resources are pertinent not only for human lives but for the country's stability, the court orders said.
It further said that the Council of Common Interest did not express any reservation against Bhasha and Mohmand Dam.
During the hearing of case, the CJP remarked, “How much water are we wasting?”
The ministry of power and water responded that water worth millions of dollars is being wasted, adding that in one year 90 million acre-feet water is wasted.
They said that after Tarbela, a new dam should be built every ten years.
According to the ministry of power and water, one million acre-feet water costs $500 million.
During the hearing, the CJP asked why the government does not want dams to be built, to which the officials of the ministry responded that the underlying issue is that it isn't the government's priority.
Share on: WhatsApp
Researchers at BYU are the first to 3D-print a viable microfluidic device small enough to be effective at a scale much less than 100 micrometers. Microfluidic devices are tiny chips that can sort out disease biomarkers, cells and other small structures in samples like blood by using microscopic channels incorporated into the devices.
The accomplishment, which is a major breakthrough toward mass-producing the medical diagnostic devices cheaply, is detailed in the latest issue of the academic journal Lab on a Chip. Researchers Greg Nordin, a BYU electrical engineering professor, and Adam Woolley, a BYU chemistry professor, say the key to their innovation was two-fold:
New Delhi: Having stood by Iran in its tough times, India expects Tehran to reciprocate by awarding rights of the coveted Farzad-B gas field to its discoverer, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan said.
Upset with the $5.5 billion master development plan submitted by ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL)—the overseas investment arm of state-owned ONGC—Iran has signed an initial pact with Russia's Gazprom for developing Farzad-B gas field. “We value relationships. During difficult days of Iran, when the entire west imposed sanctions, we stood by them and bought substantial amount of crude oil. We also returned every penny when the banking channels reopened,” they said.
“Now, Iran has to reciprocate. We have that much expectation from Iran. I hope Iran will comply with that. Our relationship with Iran is not based on a single commodity or a single transaction,” they added.
With Tehran delaying the award of rights to develop the 12.5 trillion cubic feet gas field to its discoverer, OVL, India decided to cut oil imports from Iran by a fifth in 2017-18. Iran retaliated by first cutting by one-third the time it gave to Indian refiners to pay for oil they buy from it as also raising ship freight rates, and now by signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Russian gas monopoly Gazprom. The MoU was signed between Gazprom and National Iranian Oil Co (NIOC) in Kremlin on 28 March when Iranian President Hassan Rouhani met their Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin.
The agreement spans Farzad-B, the North Pars and Kish fields. Iran has been unhappy with the $5.5 billion investment plan of OVL as it will have to reimburse all of the money that is invested, together with a fixed rate of return. Tehran wants the investment to be lowered and OVL commit to buying gas at a price fixed by it. OVL, on the other hand, says it will take up development only if the terms are economical and cannot absorb any cost and the price of gas should be comparable to rates in current market.
People familiar with the matter said that Indian refiners have cut oil imports from Iran by a fifth to 1,90,000 barrels per day (bpd) in 2017-18 from 2,40,000 bpd in the previous fiscal. Iran, India's third biggest oil supplier, used to give a 90-day credit period to refiners like Indian Oil Corp (IOC) and Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) to pay for the oil they would buy from it. Now, Tehran has reduced this to 60 days, essentially meaning that IOC and MRPL would have to pay for the oil they buy from Iran in 60 days instead of previous liberal term of 90 days, they said.
Iran oil sale terms were the most attractive for Indian refiners. Besides a liberal credit period, it also shipped the oil to India for a nominal 20% of normal ocean freight. Other Middle East sellers offer not more than 15-day credit period. People familiar with the matter said NIOC has also decided to cut the discount it offers to Indian buyers on freight from 80% to about 60%. Since the lifting of western sanctions, Iran has played hardball over award of the field which was discovered by OVL.
The two nations were initially targeting concluding a deal on Farzad-B field development by November 2016 but later mutually agreed to push the timeline to February 2017. Now, the deal is being targeted to be wrapped up by September after the two sides agree on a price and a rate of return for OVL's investments. Farzad-B was discovered by OVL in the Farsi block about 10 years ago. The project has so far cost the OVL-led consortium, which also includes Oil India Ltd and Indian Oil Corp (IOC), over $80 million. The field in the Farsi block has an in-place gas reserve of 21.7 trillion cubic feet (tcf), of which 12.5 tcf are recoverable.
New Delhi is keen that the gas from the field comes to India to feed its vast energy needs.
The hospital in Malaysia where Kim Jong-nam's body is being kept (Yonhap)
It was at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport that Kim Jong-nam, the estranged elder half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed Monday.Over the past years, the North Korean figure has made frequent appearances in Kuala Lumpur, triggering rumors they had permanently moved to the country.In January 2014, a Japanese media outlet reported that they ate at a Korean restaurant in downtown Kuala Lumpur. In December 2012, a South Korean media outlet even attempted to interview them at a hotel lobby in the city.Though the precise period and reason for Kim's stay there at the time are unknown, observers suggested that Malaysia may have been a favorite hangout of the estranged Kim. The country holds diplomatic ties with both Koreas and is located within four hours by flight from Macau, their home after leaving North Korea.For North Korean agents, it would be easier to carry out an operation like this in Malaysia than in the Chinese city of Macau, where the authorities are well aware of the risks Kim was facing and provided security services to them and their family.Ranking officials with experience in inter-Korea affairs, such as opposition lawmaker Rep. Park Jie-won who formerly served the late President Kim Dae-jung, said Malaysia has often been considered an ideal spot for North Korea's espionage.Kim died Monday morning after the two suspects attacked them with poison. The suspects were reported to have fled the scene.By Bae Hyun-jung ( tellme@heraldcorp.com
WWE Rumours: Reason why WWE nixed the Emmalina character
Why did they nix the character so quickly?
@JamesJVaccaro by Jamie Vaccaro News 15 Feb 2017, 10:11 IST
They didn't even give it a full chance, but why?
What's the story?
According to a story from prowrestlingsheet.com, the Emmalina character was nixed after multiple rehearsals before Raw last night.
In case you didn't know...
Emma suffered a ruptured disc in May of 2016 and had to have surgery to repair it. Debut vignettes for the Emmalina character started airing on October 3rd, 2016.
The heart of the matter
Based on the report from Pro Wrestling Sheet, there were supposedly some pretty big plans for the character. However, after going through several rehearsals, WWE producers came to the realisation that Emma could not deliver on their vision for the character.
The story's sources told them that the Emmalina character was supposed to be somewhat of a tribute to characters such as The Kat and Sable. Unfortunately for the future of the character, delays occurred when officials thought that Emma wasn't fully committed to the role.
Also read: WWE News: Emma comments about not getting opportunities in WWE
Therefore, the WWE appears to have decided to just allow Emma to go back to their evil heel character that they were playing before they left for surgery.
It was also noted that producers are still behind the concept of the character completely, so it is entirely possible that the character will be reserved for a talent that can pull off what the WWE officials are envisioning.
Emma did indeed return to Raw last night and debuted the character of Emmalina, saying that we had waited for seventeen weeks for the transformation of Emma into Emmalina. Now that the transition had been made, it was time to transform from Emmalina to Emma. They then abruptly left.
What's next?
As of now, there is no official word on whether Emma will be back soon, or if it's going to take another seventeen weeks for them to transition back into their old persona.
Sportskeeda's Take
Emma is an immensely talented women's wrestler, and they may have just avoided the death of their career. The Emmalina character had already become sort of a running joke in many circles of professional wrestling fans.
There's nothing to say on whether the character would have succeeded or failed, but a talented wrestler such as Emma doesn't need that kind of over the top character.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with the character that they were playing before they left and the only reason we can think that this was even attempted is because Dana Brooke has moved on to being Charlotte's protege now.
It's possible that the higher-ups in WWE didn't want Charlotte or Emma to look bad by having Dana choose between them in character, so this may have been their answer to that issue. Regardless, we can't wait to see Emma back in the ring... whenever that may be.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Published:
The Progressives Congress (APC) has maintained that the lawmaker representing Kogi West in the National Assembly, Dino Melaye, is still a member of the ruling party. Melaye on Wednesday made a dramatic appearance at the Senate, declaring their intention to move to the minority wing of the chamber.
Reacting to the development, the National Publicity Secretary of the APC, Bolaji Abdullahi, said Melaye was still a member of the Party since they have not fulfilled the requirements for defection having been elected to the Senate on the platform of the Party.
Speaking to newsmen, Abdullahi said: “Senator Dino Melaye merely expressed the desire to seat on the wing of the opposition during plenary. “I am also aware that for their desire to qualify as defection, they have to formally notify the Senate President, which as far as I know, they have not done.”
Share This
A payment plan to resolve a $31 million court judgment owed by Detroit Public Schools to Sodexo Management will be considered by the board of education on Tuesday. (Photo: .)
A payment plan to resolve a $31 million court judgment owed by Detroit Public Schools to a contractor will be considered by the board of education on Tuesday.
A federal judge in Detroit and an arbitrator have both ordered DPS to pay Sodexo Management, a company hired in 2011 for physical plant operations, but the district has fought making the payment since August 2016.
The district hired Sodexo in January 2011 on a five-year, $43.5 million contract to provide custodial, building repair, maintenance, engineering and grounds services through seven subcontractors. By late 2011, the district had fallen behind on payments, court records show.
DPS originally owed $23 million in outstanding invoices to Sodexo, and now owes an additional $8 million in contractual interest.
In 2015 an arbitrator ordered the district to pay Sodexo. The delay in the case is costing taxpayers more than $7,500 per day in interest while the district fails to clear the debt.
According to a proposal by DPS general counsel Phyllis Hurks-Hill, the district would make payments to Sodexo of $16 million in August, $2 million in February and in April and $8 million in August 2018, for a total of $28 million.
According to board documents, the settlement will eliminate more than $3 million in interest in the case, which stands as a $31 million judgment.
Hurks-Hill is recommending approval of the settlement and the payment plan to the board because the company has a federal court judgment against the district and the fact that DPS did receive $22 million in services from the company.
The proposed settlement also says by “asserting our defenses, the financially distressed district was able to utilize those funds for school related purposes” for such building repair, school supplies and materials, payroll expenditures.
“The payment of $28 million to resolve this matter seems reasonable, prudent and in the best interest of the district,” the proposed settlement says.
Sodexo attorney Timothy J. Fazio was not immediately available for comment Monday.
Attorneys for the district and Sodexo have been in settlement talks in recent weeks over the matter. The case is before U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith on Thursday for a status conference.
According to attorneys for Sodexo, DPS was supposed to spend $24 million authorized and earmarked by Michigan lawmakers on the court debt, but instead used it to pay other bills.
Attorneys for Sodexo, said in court Aug. 2 that Michigan Department of Treasury emails show that at least $24 million of the $150 million emergency loan authorized by Michigan lawmakers for Detroit's school district in 2016 was specifically allocated to satisfy the court judgment.
In an email, state Treasurer Nick Khouri said former DPS emergency manager Steven Rhodes “was convinced the district didn't legally owe the money and wanted to keep fighting in court. That's their decision, as long as the district doesn't come back now and try to hit taxpayers for the $30m twice by agreeing to a judgment levy. I'll reach out to the city and the school today to reinforce that message.”
DPS attorney Hans J. Massaquoi said in court Aug. 2 the district has spent the entire $150 million on transitional costs from when the district changed to the Detroit Public Schools Community District. DPS remains to pay off the district's debt.
Massaquoi denied that the legislation specifically required DPS to pay Sodexo.
Attorneys for Sodexo asked Goldsmith to enforce the judgment for a second time in August. The first was in January.
The lawsuit is against DPS and does not involve DPSCD.
Sodexo said DPS has delayed and missed payments, leading to a payment agreement in July 2013 that called for arbitration to settle any disputes.
The arbitrator, retired Judge Valdemar Washington of Genesee County Circuit Court, entered an interim partial award in 2015 ordering DPS to pay $25.1 million.
Washington ruled DPS had failed to dispute and pay the invoices at issue within the allotted time and therefore had waived its right to dispute the invoices. Payment was owed and past due, they said.
Goldsmith confirmed the arbitrator's award in August 2016 and denied attempts by DPS to vacate the debt.
JChambers@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHWtup
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
St. Cloud police say a 4-year-old girl suffered injuries when they were dropped by a relative from a third-story balcony.
WJON reports Assistant Police Chief Jeff Oxton says a witness told officers the man was holding the child by their wrists while standing on the balcony before dropping them about 5 p.m. Sunday. The girl was taken to St. Cloud Hospital.
Police later identified the man as the girl's uncle. They were arrested and taken to the Stearns County Jail.
Confirmed cases from Aug. 1, 2016 - Dec. 7, 2017. (Photo: Michigan.gov)
Southeast Michigan is in the midst of a "serious outbreak" of hepatitis A cases, with health departments reporting about 10 times the number Michigan health officials usually see.
The Michigan health department reports 583 hepatitis A cases and 20 deaths in southeast Michigan since August 2016. Brought into the public eye by an unusual number of restaurant cases, health officials say the majority of cases are among drug users, the homeless and current and former inmates.The majority of the outbreaks occurred in July through October and since then has fluctuated but overall has been declining from the summer peak.
State and public health officials are rallying to contain the outbreak. Health departments have increased awareness efforts by notifying the public and urging vaccination, which imparts lifetime immunity, to prevent the outbreak from spreading.
"This is extremely unusual. It's about 10 times the amount of our normal cases," said Angela Minicuci, spokesperson for the state Department of Health and Human Services. "We are dealing with a serious outbreak and our goal is to contain it" and make sure those exposed are vaccinated.
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley announced on Nov. 1 the activation of the State Emergency Operations Center to coordinate the state's response to the outbreak. The Community Health Emergency Coordination Center, a federal government agency which provides emergency community healthcare, also was activated Oct. 31 by the state health department to help in prevention and investigation of cases.
Hepatitis A is a vaccine-preventable disease. If given within two weeks after exposure, the vaccine can prevent the illness. The outbreak, however, comes at a time when there is a limited supply of the vaccine due to a national shortage, health officials say.
Symptoms include abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dark urine, clay-colored stool, fever, chills, yellow skin and eyes (jaundice). Symptoms occur between 15 and 50 days after exposure and can last for several weeks to months.
The virus is usually spread from person to person by consuming something that has been contaminated with the stool of a person with hepatitis A.
Minicuci said there is no particular source of infection in the recent cases, but it is being transferred directly person-to-person and through illicit drug use.
"Those with a history of injection and non-injection drug use, homelessness or transient housing, and incarceration are thought to be at greater risk in this outbreak setting. Notably, this outbreak has had a high hospitalization rate," according to the state health department's website.
Hep A can also be spread by infected restaurant workers, which is why health officials spread the word when restaurant cases are discovered.
A food handler could take their phone to the bathroom, properly wash their hands, but get germs on their phone. Food handlers could also be parents and may not wash well after changing a diaper, said Dr. Ruta Sharangpani, the Wayne County health department's medical director.
The most recent cases in Metro Detroit were reported at Greektown Casino in Detroiton Nov. 30, Andy's Pizza & Subs on Dec. 1, and Paul's Pizza in Detroit and Papa Romano's on Nine Mile at Telegraph Road in Southfieldon Tuesday.
As of Dec. 7, 583 cases have been reported, with 482 hospitalizations and 20 deaths linked to the outbreak. Macomb recorded the most cases with 177; Detroit reported 143, with 104 elsewhere in Wayne County and 86 reported in Oakland, according to the state health department.
Wayne County typically has two or three cases a year, said Sharangpani.
"It's very unusual to have this large of an outbreak and we don't have an exact pinpoint of where it's coming from," said Sharangpani. "Now that we are seeing it in food handlers, the best way to protect yourself is got vaccinated." The medical director for Macomb's health department said normally they see five to 10 cases a year.
"Of the 177 cases, only five were reported food handlers," said Kevin Lokar.
Despite the publicity and public fear when Hep A is discovered at a restaurant, that's just a small percentage of the problem. Officials say the majority of the cases include drug users, homeless and the inmate population.
Lokar said the majority of Macomb's cases – 87 – were due to substance abuse. Eleven percent represented those who are or were inmates at some point contracting it in prison and 8 percent linked to the homeless population.
Related articles:
Despite the outbreak, Minicuci reassured diners. Generally, those who eat out often should not worry about contracting hepatitis A in restaurants: the cases found in food handlers are a small percentage of the total, said the state's spokesperson Minicuci.
srahal@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @SarahRahal_
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BaRKYu
On Wednesday night ABC will be airing the CMA Music Festival, Nashville's paean to the boot-scootin', honky-tonkin', hoedown throw-down music that the Grand Ole Opry helped build.
As part of the celebrations, some of country music's rising and established stars are going to be streaming in 360 video on YouTube — airing select songs from their performance as if you were there.
As far as modern country goes, the songs aren't terrible (it's modern country, so don't ask for much).
The Cole Swindell song “Flatliner” (featuring Dierks Bentley) wouldn't have been missed on a middling Poison album (because every record has its thorn) and Brett Eldredge's “Somethin' I'm Good At” is good at being inoffensive country pop (as an old Southerner, I like my country music gnarled and ancient like Willie Nelson or Hank Williams).
The 360 video features only work on YouTube in the desktop or mobile version, so don't expect to be able to see it in the embedded videos below.
At best, watching the videos in 360 gives you a sense of the scope and scale of a live performance in a way that somewhat approaches the euphoria an artist must feel in looking out into a crowd of thousands. At worst, with poor direction, a viewer can end up spending a lot of time staring at the armpits of a sea of upraised arms.
Luckily, in both videos directors spend most of their time on the wide shots.
Still, 360 video suffers from the simple fact that it's not as immersive as virtual reality, and the distance between the two is a gulf that's too far to bridge (even in VR, live events lack the… vitality… of an actual live event). It may be the next best thing to the next best thing to being there, but if a fan can, it's probably still better to go there.
Obligatory stuff here: The ABC event airs from 8-11 on ABC on Wednesday the 16th. It's going to be hosted by Thomas Rhett and Kelsea Ballerini and will feature 28 performances from a who's who of country music's hottest stars.
Filmed earlier this summer during CMA Music Festival, the event features Dierks Bentley, Garth Brooks, Brothers Osborne, Luke Bryan, Eric Church, Lady Antebellum, Miranda Lambert and Little Big Town.
Featured Image: ABC Networks/ABC Networks
Lee Johnson's side were taught a harsh lesson by Harry Redknapp's Birmingham City side.
Having taken the lead in the first minute of the game, and dominating the lion's share of the first 45 minutes Bristol City would have expected to have come away with at least a point but a drop off in performance in the second half and some poor defending saw Birmingham score two in the second half and take home all three points.
Whilst it was hugely disappointing to come away from the game with nothing there were plenty of positives.
Some of the football that the Robins played in the first half was superb. the quick, incisive football was great to watch.
Time and time again they opened up Birmingham but were unable to find the end product and put Redknapp's team to the sword.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
City started brightly and were incredibly 1 up in the only first minute.
Famara Diédhiou showed a great piece of skill to beat their man before cutting inside and hitting a flashing shot which beat David Stockdale in the Birmingham goal all ends up but cannoned off the bar.
Josh Brownhill reacted quickest and their half volley also hit the woodwork but Bobby Reid was on hand to tap the ball in.
City were bright and Marlon Pack was controlling the game, with their short and long passes. Alongside them Korey Smith was winning the majority of their 50/50's and it seemed a matter of time before City would score again.
They didn't and Birmingham got back into the game with Frank Fielding making a fine save followed up by a superb goal line clearance from Joe Bryan.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
City as they had done last week against Barnsley started to drop deeper and just needed to hold out but couldn't.
Marlon Pack and then Bailey Wright (twice) failed to deal with a long throw into the box and former Premiership player Craig Gardener hit a sweet drive from the outside of the box which an unsighted Fielding could only watch into the net.
City didn't let their heads drop and Diédhiou and Jamie Paterson were both denied late in the first half.
The wily old fox Redknapp made a couple of substitutions at half time, adding a more experienced and physical presence to their team.
Birmingham were the better team in the opening exchanges of the second half but City should have taken the lead again when Bobby Reid found themselves free in the box but failed to hit the target dragging their shot wide.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Shortly after Reid's miss, Birmingham scored the goal that would prove to be the winner.
Jacques Maghoma was allowed to cut in from the left and run across the edge of the box before finding the bottom corner of the net with a great shot.
Maybe Jens Helleger's defensive qualities were exposed but to be fair no one else really got close the Maghoma.
Calum O'Dowda and Niclas Eliasson were brought on, with City fans getting their first glimpse of our new Swedish signing.
The youngster showed some nice touches and sent in a number of decent crosses that were crying out for a Djuric type of striker or dare I say Aden Flint. Neither being an option on the day.
The Flint situation needs to be concluded, Johnson implied after the game that Flint needs to say that they want to stay and they would be back in the squad.
This will rumble on until the transfer window closes. I hope that Flint stays as for me they are head and shoulders above Bailey Wright.
Final word to Joe Bryan who was for me City's best player. The Bristolian was class both in defence and attack.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp said CEO Kazuo Hirai would be handing over the reins to finance chief Kenichiro Yoshida, while it also hiked its annual profit forecast further to a record that highlights the revival in fortune they have both engineered.
The change in helm, while a major surprise, is expected to go down well with investors who have been pleased with Yoshida's no-nonsense approach to restructuring after they became CFO in 2014.
Once a market leader in consumer electronics, the maker of the Walkman and Trinitron TV fell behind the likes of Apple in innovation after the release of the iPod in 2001 and then the iPhone in 2007. It then also lost out to more nimble Asian rivals in price competition.
Hirai and Yoshida together streamlined Sony's unprofitable electronics businesses and then capitalised on the spread of smartphones with image sensors.
People familiar with the 58-year old Yoshida describe them as a reserved foil to the more flamboyant “Kaz” Hirai, but also a forceful partner who pushed through many controversial changes, including the sale of its Vaio PC division and spinning off its TV business.
Vindicating those measures, Sony quadrupled its profits to mark its best-ever third quarter, helped by robust demand for image sensors as smartphone makers increasingly adopt dual-lens rear cameras, as well as strong sales of gaming software for the PlayStation 4 console.
That prompted the 72-year old company to lift its annual operating profit to 720 billion yen ($6.6 billion) for the year through March, versus a prior forecast of 630 billion yen that would have also been a record high.
Yoshida's next challenge is to make sure Sony keeps up this momentum even after the impact of restructuring and demand for image sensors wear off, analysts said.
“The part where he's still not tested, and we really have to see, is whether or not they can inspire the creative aspect of Sony,” said Macquarie's Damian Thong.
“There's a need to inspire a new generation of engineers who are meant to take Sony technology and Sony know-how to create breakthrough products in new markets, and this is the crucial test that they face,” Thong added.
Yoshida told a news conference Sony needed to become more competitive globally as it is now dwarfed by rival tech companies in terms of market value. The Japanese firm is worth some $63 billion - less than a tenth of Apple's market capitalisation.
“Market value is not everything but if we do use this yardstick, then the world's biggest companies are all technology companies...As Sony is a tech company, I do feel a sense of urgency about this,” they said.
Known for imposing discipline and getting the job done, Yoshida had rattled some parts of the company, including its Hollywood studio business.
Leaked emails from a hack at Sony Pictures show the then CEO of Sony Entertainment, Michael Lynton, confiding to studio co-chair Amy Pascal that they were under “enormous pressure” after Yoshida sought a review of executives' pay.
Yoshida will be taking on the top job at Sony on April 1, replacing Hirai who has been CEO since 2012. Hirai, 57, will stay on as chairperson.
Sony's stock rose nearly 2 percent on Friday while the broader market was down about a percent.
AMSOIL INC. has introduced three new products to better meet the needs of modern brake system maintenance and operation.
AMSOIL DOT 3 & 4 Synthetic Brake Fluid delivers maximum ABS and traction-control performance. The specially designed high response fluid provides improved cold-weather performance and excellent ABS and traction-control responsiveness. It helps extend the life of essential components, including calipers, wheel cylinders, seals, lines, master cylinders and ABS control valves. Even in severe operating conditions, its low compressibility results in a firm, consistent brake pedal feel. AMSOIL DOT 3 & 4 Synthetic Brake Fluid is a DOT 5.1 product that meets and exceeds the specifications of DOT 3 and DOT 4 formulations, providing excellent protection against water contamination. Recommended for use in passenger car/light truck and non-racing powersports applications.
AMSOIL Dominator DOT 4 Synthetic Racing Brake Fluid is specially formulated for intense racing applications. It features the ultra-high boiling points required during extreme racing conditions, providing exceptional vapor lock protection. AMSOIL Dominator DOT 4 Synthetic Racing Brake Fluid resists brake fade for a confident brake feel all the way to the finish line.
AMSOIL Brake & Parts Cleaner is a professional-strength product that quickly and effectively removes oil, grease, brake fluid and other contaminants from brake parts and automotive components. Leaves no residue, helping to reduce or eliminate brake squeal and chatter. AMSOIL Brake & Parts Cleaner has a quick-drying, chlorinated formulation that gives drivers and auto technicians the peace-of-mind that they are using one of the strongest and most effective formulas available in the marketplace. This product is unavailable in California or New Jersey.
For more information about AMSOIL synthetic motor oils and performance products contact your nearest AMSOIL distributor, or call AMSOIL at (715) 392-7101 or 1-800-777-8491, or go to amsoil.com.
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (WVEC) — Police said two people were hurt in a shooting after a fight started in front of a hotel at the Oceanfront Wednesday morning.
Emergency dispatchers received a call about the incident at 11th Street and Pacific Avenue around 2:10 a.m.
Police said there was a dispute in front of Best Western Plus Sandcastle Beachfront Hotel on 1307 Atlantic Avenue.
Master Police Officer Tonya Pierce told 13News Now one person was shot and had injuries not considered life-threatening. The second person who was hit by the gunfire was grazed and refused help.
Pierce said officers took three people into custody.
© 2018 WVEC
* Hang Seng index ends down 0.1 pct
* China Enterprises index HSCE rises 0.8 percent
* HSI financial sector sub-index is flat; property sector down 0.5 percent
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended Friday marginally down, but posted its biggest weekly loss in two months, as rising bond yields triggered volatility in global equities.
** At close of trade, the Hang Seng index was down 40.31 points or 0.12 percent at 32,601.78. The Hang Seng China Enterprises index rose 0.78 percent to 13,538.66.
For the week, the Hang Seng lost 1.7 percent, its biggest weekly fall in two months. **The sub-index of the Hang Seng tracking energy shares rose 4.5 percent while the IT sector dipped 0.91 percent, the financial sector was 0.18 percent lower and the property sector dipped 0.51 percent. ** The top gainer on Hang Seng was AAC Technologies Holdings Inc up 7.6 percent, while the biggest loser was China Merchants Port Holdings Co Ltd which was down 5.29 percent. ** China's main Shanghai Composite index closed up 0.46 percent at 3,462.9372 points while its blue-chip CSI300 index ended up 0.61 percent. ** Around the region, MSCI's Asia ex-Japan stock index was weaker by 0.43 percent while Japan's Nikkei index closed down 0.9 percent. ** The yuan was quoted at 6.2753 per U.S. dollar at 08:13 GMT, 0.34 percent firmer than the previous close of 6.2965. ** As of the previous trading session, the Hang Seng index was up 9.1 percent this year, while China's H-share index was up 14.7 percent.
** The top gainers among H-shares were People's Insurance Group of China Co Ltd up 7.05 percent, followed by China Shenhua Energy Co Ltd gaining 6 percent and Air China Ltd up by 4.26 percent. ** The three biggest H-shares percentage decliners were Huaneng Power International Inc which was down 0.60 percent, Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd which fell 0.5 percent and Bank of China Ltd down by 0.4 percent. ** About 2.65 billion Hang Seng index shares were traded, roughly 104.6 percent of the market's 30-day moving average of 2.53 billion shares a day. The volume traded in the previous trading session was 2.85 billion. ** At close, China's A-shares were trading at a premium of 30.84 percent over the Hong Kong-listed H-shares. ** The price-to-earnings ratio of the Hang Seng index was 14.87 as of the last full trading day while the dividend yield was 2.7 percent. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom)
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
Infiniti
If the automotive world has an equivalent to the Met Gala, it would be the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance. It takes place later this week in Monterey, California, and each year it features an assortment of classic and historic cars that are more akin to four-wheeled works of art than the more mundane stuff you or I drive on a daily basis. (Unless you're Ralph Lauren, in which case, carry on.) It's not just car collectors that bring along their machines to show off; the OEMs get in on the act, too. In Infiniti's case, that's a "what if" called Prototype 9, a 1940s-inspired electric race car.
"We discussed the idea of 'chancing' upon an unrecognized race car, hidden away for decades in a barn, deep in the Japanese countryside," explained Alfonso Albaisa, SVP of Global Design at Nissan (Infiniti's parent company). "We wanted to explore what this looked like, what it would have been made of. Open-wheeled racers of the age were beautiful machines, elegant and powerful and with a wonderful purity of purpose. It's an automotive fantasy, but the notion captured our imaginations enough to put pencil to paper."
Forget about modern materials like carbon-fiber composites or 3D printing. Prototype 9 was hand-made by Nissan artisans called Takumi, with hand-beaten steel body panels on top of a steel ladder frame. It's an intriguing-looking vehicle, calling back to the days when a racing car's engine was found in front of the driver. From the sides and rear there's a definite hint of Mercedes-Benz's prewar Grand Prix cars. But head-on, with its bluff grill, the view is more reminiscent of American hot rods.
The suspension design is similarly old school, a rigid axle with transverse leaf springs up front and a De Dion axle with another set of transverse leaf springs at the rear.
But underneath that handmade exterior is a 21st century powertrain. In this case, a 120kW (148hp) prototype electric motor, powered by a 30kWh lithium-ion battery. To go with those 1940s looks, Prototype 9's performance is quite in keeping with the period, too: 0-62mph (0-100km/h) in 5.5 seconds and a top speed of 106mph (170km/h).
A production run seems extremely unlikely, given that this was a passion project for the engineers and artisans who built Prototype 9. But stranger things have happened, and it's possible a very well-heeled enthusiast might wave a sufficiently large check at the company in the hopes of getting one of their own.
Listing image by Infiniti
The rocky first few weeks of Donald Trump's presidency may have gone more smoothly with the help of a proofreader.
Even before they officially assumed the nation's highest office, President Trump was making iconic spelling blunders like their use of “unpresidented” in a tweet where they accused China of stealing a U.S. Navy underwater drone in the South China Sea. But that wasn't the end of misspellings that have been plaguing their White House their first month in office.
Within the past few days, a number of typos (that any college student should have caught) have been linked to the Trump Administration, making some further question the legitimacy of the office.
One recent #TrumpTypo that caught fire appeared in bright white font on Trump's official inauguration poster, which is marketed through the Library of Congress. The poster incorrectly used “to” instead of “too” in part of a quote by the president:
“No dream is too big, no challenge is to great.”
Apparently, correct spelling was too great a challenge.
There is a glaring typo in Trump's official commemorative portrait https://t.co/becqnJkBA2 pic.twitter.com/uDbaIo58eg — Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) February 13, 2017
Oops. The typo on Trump's official inauguration is "to great" https://t.co/9j5fXbsrl2 — USA TODAY (@USATODAY) February 13, 2017
The Library of Congress has since taken the poster down from their website and said in a statement Monday they will refund anyone who purchased the erroneous version of the poster.
“The Library regrets that its staff did not catch the error in the marketing materials for the poster, which were provided by the third-party vendor that created the product,” the statement says.
While the typo may not be caused by Trump directly, it comes right after a series of grammar mistakes that were directly caused by Trump's administration. In the last week, for example, a White House list of 78 terrorist attacks that had allegedly gone underreported in the media misspells numerous words such as “attaker” (instead of “attacker”) and “San Bernadino” (instead of “San Bernardino”), according to the Washington Post.
And then there was the Department of Education's Twitter misstep on Sunday, when they spelled W.E.B. Du Bois' name incorrectly, issuing an apology tweet 30 minutes later.
Education must not simply teach work – it must teach life. – W.E.B. DeBois pic.twitter.com/Re4cWkPSFA — US Dept of Education (@usedgov) February 12, 2017
And when you think it can't get worse — it does. In the apology tweet, the Department of Education made yet another spelling error.
The Department of Education just tweeted "our deepest apologizes for the earlier typo." Seriously. https://t.co/3louBmImKt pic.twitter.com/wuMkZ31pv4 — Gizmodo (@Gizmodo) February 12, 2017
The NAACP fired back, also quoting Du Bois but spelling their name correctly with capitalized letters.
"In the Days of Loose & Careless Logic, We Must Teach Thinkers to THINK." – William Edward Burghardt DU Bois 👏🏽 https://t.co/3m03Vnt5C1 — NAACP (@NAACP) February 12, 2017
The Department of Education has been in the public eye since the last week, as the Senate narrowly confirmed DeVos last Tuesday through a historic tie-breaker vote by Vice President Mike Pence. The confirmation hearings came amid numerous complaints about DeVos lacking qualifications for the position.
Can you spot the multiple typos here?
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017
There have been what you might call verbal typos too.
Sean Spicer just now: "Yesterday the president had an incredibly productive set of meetings and discussions with PM Joe Trudeau of Canada." — Daniel Dale (@ddale8) February 14, 2017
And when U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May came over to visit, the White House misspelled their name. More than once.
WH: Pres. Trump holds joint press conference with UK PM "Teresa May" at 1:00 pm ET – misspelling their name 3x on the guidance just sent out — Jared Rizzi (@JaredRizzi) January 27, 2017
And to top it all off, on Tuesday USA TODAY found the White House has published incorrect versions of Trump's executive orders.
USA Today finds that several executive orders posted on the White House website don't match the official version: https://t.co/OfuDQ6nZre — Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) February 14, 2017
The USA TODAY review turned up at least five instances in which the text of an executive order sent to the Federal Registrar — the version that is legally valid and enforceable — does not match the corresponding text of the White House online version. According to the review, some discrepancies including minor grammar errors while other, more significantly, included “inaccurate or non-existent provisions of law.”
Some have taken to Twitter to reflect on what all these careless errors mean.
He's too impulsive to proofread a tweet. Not a great quality in a leader. — Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) February 11, 2017
not to go back to all the dumb typos coming from WH but attention to detail is so important especially with security https://t.co/lePB6GwB1o — Charlie Warzel (@cwarzel) February 13, 2017
Whatever one's opinion, it's clear that while some minor grammatical errors may be trivial in a college essay, they can have a much bigger impact when committed by #POTUS, or in connection with the presidency. What do you think about the #TrumpTypos?
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phillips 66:
* REPORTS FOURTH-QUARTER EARNINGS OF $3.2 BILLION OR $6.25 PER SHARE
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $6.25
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.07
* MIDSTREAM‘S FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $139 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $117 MILLION IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2017
* REFINING‘S FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $371 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $550 MILLION IN Q3 OF 2017
* REFINING‘S ADJUSTED NET INCOME WAS $358 MILLION IN Q4 OF 2017, COMPARED WITH $548 MILLION IN Q3
* CHEMICALS' FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME WAS $27 MILLION, COMPARED WITH $121 MILLION IN THE THIRD QUARTER OF 2017
* “OUR STRATEGY FOR LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION REMAINS UNCHANGED”
* IN MIDSTREAM, AN ADDITIONAL 3.5 MILLION BARRELS OF CRUDE STORAGE IS EXPECTED TO BE IN SERVICE BY THE END OF 2018
* DCP MIDSTREAM'S EXPANSION OF THE SAND HILLS NGL PIPELINE CAPACITY FROM 280,000 BPD TO 365,000 BPD EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETE IN Q1 2018
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.86 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* CORPORATE AND OTHER FOURTH-QUARTER NET INCOME INCLUDED A $2.7 BILLION BENEFIT FROM U.S. TAX REFORM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MURFREESBORO — MTSU head football coach Rick Stockstill has dismissed two football players who are being investigated for animal cruelty.
Defensive lineman Justin Akins and linebacker Shalom Alvarez, both being investigated by Murfreesboro Police, were dismissed on Friday.
“When confronted with situations of inappropriate conduct, it is easy for a coach to simply dismiss players in trouble without taking time to study the situation,” Stockstill said in a statement. “I feel it is important to consider the facts carefully, and seek input from others with information and expertise, before reaching a decision.
“After reviewing the matter further, and speaking with authorities with the appropriate expertise, I have decided to dismiss Justin Akins and Shalom Alvarez from our football team. Their actions were in violation of the values and standards of our program.
“I appreciate the work by the Rutherford County Pet Adoption and Welfare Services and Murfreesboro Police Department. Their expertise was invaluable in this process and will help educate our players.”
The dismissal comes after a video was posted on Akins' Snapchat account in which Alvarez can be seen repeatedly striking a puppy, according to an MPD police report.
The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, better known as PETA, issued a statement Thursday evening calling for both players to be charged.
No arrests have been made and no charges have been filed against either of the players.
Akins played in all 13 games last season and recorded 27 tackles and led all linemen with four pass breakups.
They recorded 1.5 sacks over the past two seasons.
Alvarez joined the Blue Raiders in 2016 but did not play in any games.
Reach Aldo Amato at 615-278-5109 and on Twitter @Aldo_Amato.
(Yonhap)
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon on Monday threw their hat in the race to be the next president of South Korea, saying “his mind is made up.”“This year will be a pivotal time for South Korea. We need to build a new country through political, economic and social innovations,” Park wrote via Facebook.“I have decided to follow the call of the time and devote myself to the innovation of South Korea.”A civil rights lawyer-turned-activist-turned administrator, Park has been the mayor of Seoul since 2011, a post once considered a springboard to the presidency. Previous President Lee Myung-bak was Seoul mayor before they were elected to the nation's highest office in 2007.Park is a member of the main opposition Democratic Party of Korea and had last week signaled their intention to seek the party's presidential nomination.In polls on the Democratic Party's potential presidential candidates, they lag behind Moon Jae-in, the party's former leader, and Seongnam Mayor Lee Jae-myung. Neither of those two have declared their intentions.“The 2017 presidential race must be a competition among candidates who can present visions for the new era,” Park said.“I have always dreamed of a new era with people and lived a life for it. I have always showed it through actions,” they added, presenting themselves as a strong candidate with ample experience.By Kim Da-sol (ddd@heraldcorp.com)
The Chargers will be without rookie wide receiver Mike Williams and running back Branden Oliver for the team's Week 5 road game against the Giants Sunday.
Williams has yet to make their NFL debut but could wind up playing next week against the Raiders. Los Angeles' first-round draft pick missed all training camp with a herniated-disc injury in their back, which they suffered during the offseason.
There is no question that the Bolts could use another big receiver on the field for quarterback Philip Rivers to throw to.
Meanwhile, Oliver did not participate in practice all week due to a hamstring injury that they probably nicked up during the team's 26-24 loss to the Eagles. With Oliver ruled out for Sunday's game in the Big Apple against the Giants, undrafted rookie running back Austin Ekeler will get more snaps at running back behind Melvin Gordon.
Below fans can find the Chargers full injury report for Sunday's road game in New York, courtesy of the team's Twitter account.
Out
WR Mike Williams (back)
RB Branden Oliver (hamstring)
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Chargers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Questionable
T Joe Barksdale (foot)
LB Jatavis Brown (ankle)
WR Tyrell Williams (neck)
TE Sean McGrath (foot)
In the first post on DDoS, I considered some mechanisms to disperse an attack across multiple edges (I actually plan to return to this topic with further thoughts in a future post). The second post considered some of the ways you can scrub DDoS traffic. This post is going to complete the basic lineup of reacting to DDoS attacks by considering how to block an attack before it hits your network — upstream.
The key technology in play here is flowspec, a mechanism that can be used to carry packet level filter rules in BGP. The general idea is this — you send a set of specially formatted communities to your provider, who then automagically uses those communities to create filters at the inbound side of your link to the 'net. There are two parts to the flowspec encoding, as outlined in RFC5575bis, the match rule and the action rule. The match rule is encoded as shown below:
There are a wide range of conditions you can match on. The source and destination addresses are pretty straight forward. For the IP protocol and port numbers, the operator sub-TLVs allow you to specify a set of conditions to match on, and whether to AND the conditions (all conditions must match) or OR the conditions (any condition in the list may match). Ranges of ports, greater than, less than, greater than or equal to, less than or equal to, and equal to are all supported. Fragments, TCP header flags, and a number of other header information can be matched on, as well.
Once the traffic is matched, what do you do with it? There are a number of rules, including:
Controlling the traffic rate in either bytes per second or packets per second
Redirect the traffic to a VRF
Mark the traffic with a particular DSCP bit
Filter the traffic
If you think this must be complicated to encode, you are right. That's why most implementations allow you to set pretty simple rules, and handle all the encoding bits for you. Given flowspec encoding, you should just be able to detect the attack, set some simple rules in BGP, send the right "stuff" to your provider, and watch the DDoS go away. ...right… If you have been in network engineering since longer than "I started yesterday," you should know by now that nothing is ever that simple.
If you don't see a tradeoff, you haven't looked hard enough.
First, from a provider's perspective, flowspec is an entirely new attack surface. You cannot let your customer just send you whatever flowspec rules they like. For instance, what if your customer sends you a flowspec rule that blocks traffic to one of your DNS servers? Or, perhaps, to one of their competitors? Or even to their own BGP session? Most providers, to prevent these types of problems, will only apply any flowspec initiated rules to the port that connects to your network directly. This protects the link between your network and the provider, but there is a little way to prevent abuse if the provider allows these flowspec rules to be implemented deeper in their network.
Second, filtering costs money. This might not be obvious at a single link scale, but when you start considering how to filter multiple gigabits of traffic based on deep packet inspection sorts of rules — particularly given the ability to combine a number of rules in a single flowspec filter rule — filtering requires a lot of resources during the actual packet switching process. There is a limited number of such resources on any given packet processing engine (ASIC), and a lot of customers who are likely going to want to filter. Since filtering costs the provider money, they are most likely going to charge for flowspec, limit which customers can send them flowspec rules (generally grounded in the provider's perception of the customer's cluefulness), and even limit the number of flowspec rules that can be implemented at any given time.
There is plenty of further reading out there on configuring and using flowspec, and it is likely you will see changes in the way flowspec is encoded in the future. Some great places to start are:
One final thought as I finish this post off. You should not just rely on technical tools to block a DDoS attack upstream. If you can figure out where the DDoS is coming from, or track it down to a small set of source autonomous systems, you should find some way to contact the operator of the AS and let them know about the DDoS attack. This is something Mara and I will be covering in an upcoming webinar over at ipspace.net — watch for more information on this as we move through the summer.
By Russ White, Network Architect at LinkedIn
Related topics: Cyberattack, DDoS, Security
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger will get all their attacking players into their new-look Arsenal line-up, because it is in their DNA.
Wenger completed a record £56million deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this week, has also signed Henrikh Mkhitaryan, persuaded Mesut Ozil to put pen to paper on a new £350,000-a-week contract and has summer arrival Alexandre Lacazette.
It will be a mission to get them all into the starting XI — especially with the Gunners leaking goals at the back — but manager Wenger confessed they are desperate to do it.
They said: “That's our DNA. We are an attacking team. The danger is when you are an attacking team that you don't score and then of course you create your own problems.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty)
(Image: AMA/Getty)
“That's the challenge I have. I will try to find a way to do it. We play so many games that everyone will get games. It's always possible. Will I do it? Maybe. I don't know. But I think it's possible, yes. You need at least two top strikers in the Premier League, because if one is injured then you have a problem.
“Would I rather win 4-3? That is not the solution I like — I like the four, but I don't like the three.
“We have to improve our defensive record, absolutely, and everybody has to contribute. That is why we have to work on that and find the balance. Without destroying our defensive power, we have to find the balance so we are better defensively.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wenger has also had to do their sums before signing Ozil to a new contract as Arsenal have gone into financial territory which even made the Gunners boss puff out their cheeks.
But, incredibly, Wenger insisted that re-signing Ozil to a new three year contract was cheap compared to trying to sign a replacement.
“When you let a player go you have to buy somebody of the same calibre and if you add the transfer needed and the wages will be similar. On top of that we have to pay a transfer,” said Wenger.
“So overall, I think Mesut for us was the cheapest option. On the other side all of our players are well paid. Very well paid. To feel sorry for them - I'm not sure that it's the most objective assessment!
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
(Image: Getty)
“As long as we are paying what we can afford, it is not a problem. I did try my whole life to pay the players good wages, so I am not against that. I am just against the fact that you live on credit.”
Wenger admitted that they feared at one stage the whole transfer merry-go-round would collapse like a pack of cards with Borussia Dortmund waiting on getting a replacement before they would let Aubameyang.
But Wenger insisted they would not give any reassurances to Lacazette even though they may find themselves out of the team and has no concerns about the 28-year-old's bad-boy image.
The France-born Gabon international is not guaranteed to start against Everton in Saturday's late game because they had a fever at the start of the week.
They have even given a medical certificate to a German court after missing a hearing about the terror attack on the Dortmund team bus, to avoid paying a £900 fine.
Wenger said: “I have to assess how they are physically and how well they feel.
“I don't reassure people because I think we are in a competitive world. We have all chosen a job that is about competition and you have to fight for your place.
“You have to show them respect, and that you rate the players but as well they have to accept that we live in a competitive world.”
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): Ministry of Railways is carrying out feasibility studies for upgradation of existing Main Line-II and upgradation and extension of Main Line-III.
Giving details, official sources said on Monday the projects including new lines from Gwadar to Besima and Besima to Jacobabad via Khuzdar would be part of China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
The sources said approved cost of feasibility study of this project is Rs 135.5 million and added Request For Proposal (RFP) has been advertised to engage consultants for preparing and submitting feasibility study along with preliminary design.
The second line is from Bin Qasim Station to Port Qasim.
The approved cost of the project is Rs 1,568 million and physical
progress is eight per cent.
The other line is Peshawar to Jalalabad. The approved cost of
feasibility study of the project is Rs 67 million and feasibility study is in progress.
Similarly, another line is Chaman to Spinboldak. The approved
cost of project is Rs 1262.95 million. The work is held up for
commencement of work from Kandhar to Spinboldak by government of
Afghanistan.
The sources said physical work on above mentioned projects has
not yet been started being in planning phase.
The sources said PC-1 in connection with upgradation of Main
Line-1 (ML-1 including laying new tracks) under China Pakistan
Economic Corridor has been prepared and submitted for obtaining
approval from ministry of planning and development.
The work for doubling/improvement of existing track from Port Qasim to Bin Qasim Station has been awarded to National Logistic Cell (NLC) and is under progress.
The position for upgradation of existing lines announced during last two financial years included: upgradation of ML-I (including new line between Karachi-Kotri, second line between Shahdara-Peshawar and new re-aligned track between Kaluwal-Pindora.
The PC-I of the project is under consideration with the planning
commission.
Regarding upgradation of ML-2 (Attock to Kotri), the sources
said feasibility study has been launched while procurement of
consultants completed and work has been awarded to an Austrian
consultant firm through an international competitive bidding process.
The other project is upgradation and extension of ML-3
(Rohri to Taftan via Quetta) and new line (Western Corridor) from
Quetta to Kotlajam via Dera Ismail Khan). The feasibility study has
been launched.
Feasibility study for upgradation of Wazirabad-Narowal
Shahdara section has been launched. The procurement of consultants
completed and work has been awarded.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Hero Motocorp Ltd:
* SAYS JAN TOTAL SALES OF 641501 UNITS VERSUS 487088 Source text - bit.ly/2rYIOSX Further company coverage:
Pakistan Tourism Development Corporation (PTDC) will organize a Buddha Heritage exhibition in October in which eleven Buddists countries including Nepal,Thailand,China and many others would be a part of this exibition. Talking to APP, an official said the reason for organizing exibition in the month of October was due to the pleasant weather,because the buddhists will be visiting all the historical sites in the day time,PTDC would facilitate them with every angle. They said exibition would aim to highlight the Buddhist historical and religious sites at Taxila, Takht Bhai and Swat. They expressed the hope that the exhibition would attract the tourists to visit Pakistan and see the religious sites. They said that Pakistan was the custodian of Gandhara Buddhist civilisation and there were numerous holy places in this country of great value for Buddhist people from across the world.—APP
Related
West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph insists the Hammers' confidence remains intact ahead of their clash with Manchester United.
They host United on Monday after Saturday's 1-0 loss at Leicester ended a three-match winning streak.
Defeat at the King Power Stadium halted their mini revival, which had moved Slaven Bilic's side eight points clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
But Randolph, who was beaten by Islam Slimani for the winner at Leicester, is ready to start another run.
"If we'd won, I'd have said we'd 100 per cent have turned the corner, because it would have put a little bit of extra space between Leicester and us and the other teams below us," they said, speaking to the club's official website.
"It would have been four wins in a row, but it wasn't to be so we'll regroup and get ready for the next one.
"It was a tough start to the season, but the last few results obviously helped us a bit, so we go into the new year and will start fresh and push on again."
Battle Creek — A Michigan man's World War II dog tags have been found in France more than seven decades after the war.
Texas manufacturer Garrett Metal Detector recently contacted Jan Siddall to tell them that someone using a metal detector discovered their father's dog tags in France, WOOD-TV reported.
“They were contacted by the person who found this, and they wanted to get it back to the family,” Siddall said.
Siddall said the dog tags are a nice way to reconnect with their father, Rex Young, who died in 2006.
“To us, it's part of our heritage and legacy,” Siddall said. “Our grandkids are interested in it. Everybody thinks it's just great.”
Young lost their dog tags sometime while serving in World War II as a U.S. Army radio operator in Europe, where they fought at Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge. Their discharge papers show they had a number of awards, including a Bronze Star.
“It's just amazing to think that anyone could go through those battles, and come back and have, you know, built our country, really,” Siddall said.
Dog tags have important contact information on them in case a soldier is injured or killed. The copper and nickel finish on Young's tags has worn away, but the inscription is readable.
“(They're) A little rusty, but they're in perfect condition,” Siddall said.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w4yY2k
ABC has pulled the plug on the revival “Roseanne.”
The move comes after series star and creator Roseanne Barr made a comment on Twitter Tuesday morning referring to former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett as looking as the offspring of the “Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes.” Jarrett, an African-American, was born in Iran to American parents.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement.
Disney chairperson and CEO Bob Iger voiced their support for the cancellation, tweeting, “There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing.”
Barr deleted their tweet about Jarrett not long after posting it. They followed it up with an apology that read, “I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. I am now leaving Twitter.”
Just after Barr's statement on Jarrett, Wanda Sykes, who worked as a consulting producer on the first revival season, announced they would not be returning for the show's next season. Series co-star and executive producer Sara Gilbert then condemned Barr's comments, saying, “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in their actions to say the least. This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love — one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member.”
Related Analysis: 'Roseanne' Without Roseanne Would've Been a Tough Sell Trump Sounds Off on 'Roseanne' Cancellation
Series showrunner Bruce Helford said in their own statement: “On behalf of all the writers and producers, we worked incredibly hard to create an amazing show. I was personally horrified and saddened by the comments and in no way do they reflect the values of the people who worked so hard to make this the iconic show that it is.”
Earlier this month, stand up comedian and “Roseanne” co-showrunner Whitney Cummings also announced they would not return to the show. They said that they would be unable to come back due to “work commitments and [her] tour schedule.”
The revival of the classic sitcom was set to air a 13-episode eleventh season this fall. The move represents a remarkable turn of events for the network, Barr, and a show that finished the season as the No. 1 scripted primetime television series in the 18-49 demo, according to Nielsen live-plus-same-day numbers. The one-hour premiere in March stunned industry experts when it opened to a staggering 5.2 rating and 18.4 million viewers. The premiere rose to 27.3 million viewers in Live +7 ratings, the largest-ever seven-day lift for any show on any network.
Just two weeks ago at ABC's upfront presentation, Barr introduced Disney-ABC Television Group president Ben Sherwood, joking that they were “the guy responsible for most of my tweets.” Sherwood and Barr hugged onstage, and the the exec noted that ABC had not had television's No. 1 show in 24 years. Dungey, during their portion of the presentation, bragged that “The premiere ratings even took us by surprise,” claiming that one in 10 Americans has seen the “Roseanne” revival premiere.
The statement by Barr would have demanded a strong response from any network. In the case of ABC, Dungey's promotion in 2016 made them the first African-American woman to serve as entertainment president at a Big Four network.
RELATED VIDEO:
Lawanda Brown, of Fernandina Beach, Florida, was charged with attempted murder on May 29, 2018. Nassau County Sheriff's deputies say they shot their husband in the head in their home after they didn't like their tone in the way they asked them to do a Google search. Nassau County Sheriff's Office
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady took the field on Saturday to get photos with their family and friends ahead of Super Bowl LII. They and their wife, Gisele, posted photos from the field.
Brady's photo had their crew, which included their kids, their father and their mother. Gisele's photo was of just them and Brady.
Family and Football ❤️ #gopats A post shared by Tom Brady (@tombrady) on Feb 3, 2018 at 10:36am PST
❤️ A post shared by Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) on Feb 3, 2018 at 11:27am PST
PARIS (Reuters) - Nantes manager Claudio Ranieri suffered a second straight defeat on their return to Ligue 1 as the Italian's injury-ravaged team were beaten 1-0 at home by Olympique de Marseille who scored a late goal to snatch the points on Saturday.
Marseille's Argentine Lucas Ocampos, back from loan spells at Genoa and AC Milan, scored the only goal three minutes from time to hand Marseille their second victory of the season.
Ranieri, back in France after coaching Greece and taking unsung Leicester City to a surprise Premier League title in 2016, had very few options as within the space of 20 minutes, the Canaries lost three players to injuries.
Samuel Moutoussamy, Valentin Rongier and Yacine Bammou all had to come off in the first half.
Marseille dominated but Nantes' debutant goalkeeper Ciprian Tatarusanu made a couple of good saves to deny Florian Thauvin and Valere Germain.
The hosts had a good chance on the hour but Marseille keeper Steve Mandanda saved Diego Carlos's attempt with their feet.
In the 87th minute, second-half substitute Ocampos latched onto a cross from Thauvin to give Marseille all three points.
The Provence side are second in the standings on six points, behind Olympique Lyonnais on goal difference, while Nantes are second from bottom after their two defeats.
US President, Donald Trump, has confirmed their telephone conversation with President Muhammdu Buhari.
The White House Press Secretary and Communications Director, Sean Michael Spicer made the confirmation on Tuesday.
Spicer said this in their introduction of Tuesday's White House Press Briefing.
They mentioned that President Trump “on Monday spoke with President Buhari of Nigeria, President Jacob Zuma of South Africa”.
Spicer also noted that Trump received the Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau.
President Buhari who is in the United Kingdom spoke with Trump on telephone at the request of the latter.
Their spokesperson, Femi Adesina, said the chat was cordial.
They said President Buhari congratulated Trump on their election as President of the United States and on their cabinet.
Adesina added that both leaders discussed ways to improve cooperation in the fight against terrorism through provision of necessary equipment.
Adesina quoted Trump as encouraging President Buhari to keep up “the good work they are doing.”
They said Trump also commended Buhari for the efforts made in rescuing 24 of the Chibok Girls and the efforts of the Nigerian military.
Recall that human rights group, International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), had advised Nigerians not to believe the reported conversation until the US confirms
Tesla dropped the price on their entry-level Model S, with a $7,500 discount to the 75kWh version, which now starts at $69,500. The price drop comes as Tesla stops selling the 60kWh model, which it discontinued recently and sold only until remaining stop ran out.
The price drop also comes with upgraded standard equipment, meaning you'll get a better value overall. These include the all-glass overhead roof, and an automatic powered rear lift gate as standard features across all Model S battery options. Electrek reports that in addition to those changes, some other tweaks mean you can only get certain options on higher-priced models now, which it looks like are designed to help make sure the company continues to see a healthy mix of buyers at all points in its pricing matrix.
The Model S still isn't “cheap” by any stretch of the imagination, but the pricing and option changes do mean your money goes farther at the entry-level for the vehicle lineup. The lesson is this: Patience is rewarded for would-be Tesla buyers – but of course, you need to take the plunge at some point if you want the car, so waiting forever isn't an option.
Tesla also reached out to tell us it'll increase prices slightly at the top end of the range, so that the average selling price of vehicles actually ends up being very similar to before. Here's the full list of changes, including the increases coming April 24:
Model S
75: $69,500
75D: $74,500
90D: $87,500
100D: $97,500 (beginning 4/24)
P100DL: $140,000 (beginning 4/24)
Model X
75D: $82,500
90D: $93,500
100D: $99,500 (beginning 4/24)
P100DL: $145,000 (beginning 4/24)
Tesla also provided this official statement from a spokesperson:
The worlds might be fake, but these savings aren't!
This bundle on Amazon includes the HTC Vive, the Deluxe Audio Strap, and a $100 Amazon gift card all for $599. The HTC Vive alone is $599 at most retailers, including Best Buy and Amazon. So you're essentially getting the audio strap, which retails for $100 by itself, and the gift card for free.
The HTC Vive is one of the most popular virtual reality systems out there, and VR Heads has a great guide if you've never used one before. The games you play will track the movement of your headset and the controllers you hold, giving you a full body virtual reality experience.
The Deluxe Audio Strap is designed to give you 360-degree realistic sound while still being comfortable and convenient. You'll even be able to adjust the padding with a dial to get it just right.
See on Amazon
NEW YORK -- Charge the error to the manager.
With one out and the winning run in scoring position in the bottom of the ninth inning Sunday night, Boston Red Sox manager John Farrell emerged from the dugout and motioned to the bullpen to bring in closer Craig Kimbrel. But umpire crew chief Fieldin Culbreth denied the request.
According to Rule 8.06(c), a manager or coach is prohibited from making multiple mound visits while the same batter is at the plate. Because Red Sox pitching coach Carl Willis had just gone out to the mound to speak to reliever Addison Reed as New York Yankees pinch hitter Jacoby Ellsbury was coming to the plate, Farrell wasn't allowed to make a pitching change until the next batter.
"I messed up," Farrell said after the Red Sox won 3-2 in 10 innings on an RBI single by Andrew Benintendi. "I know the rule. I messed up trying to get Kimbrel into the game."
Farrell has received incessant criticism for their use of the bullpen throughout the season. On Sunday night, eyebrows were raised when they called on Matt Barnes rather than Reed to begin the eighth inning. Barnes has a 5.20 ERA in 28 road appearances compared to 1.55 in 27 games at home.
Reed, acquired at the trade deadline from the New York Mets to be the primary setup man for Kimbrel, came in to start the ninth and issued a leadoff walk to Chase Headley. After retiring Ronald Torreyes on a sacrifice bunt, Reed was visibly angry to see Farrell walk onto the field. When Farrell was told they couldn't make the change, Reed got Ellsbury to ground out to second base.
At that point, Farrell brought in Kimbrel, who struck out Brett Gardner to strand Headley at third base. Kimbrel pitched a perfect 10th inning to pick up the victory.
Asked if they considered bringing in Kimbrel in the eighth inning, Farrell said, "It was a thought. But that's something we have not done at all in a tie game or without a lead, certainly. It was a thought, but didn't go to it at that point."
SIALKOT, July 4 (APP)::Former foreign minister and PML-N backed candidate for NA-73, Khawaja Muhammad Asif on Wednesday expressed
their hope the PML-N would win general election.
Addressing the party workers at UC Imam Shaib, they said the people
of Pakistan know who could beneficial for them. They said that respect
of vote should be restored and the people would cast vote in favour
of PML-N during forthcoming elections.
They said that it was a time when the respect of vote should be
restored in the country.
Criticizing PTI Chief Imran Khan, they said that Imran filed a
suite against them in a court but did not produce any evidence.
They said that PTI could do nothing except leveling tall claims
and elections would decide their future.
They said the people of Sialkot gave votes to them during five
previous elections and now they would also give vote to the PML-N.
They said that despite hurdles, PML-N would win forthcoming
general elections with heavy margin.
President Donald Trump revealed on Twitter Sunday that they had sent a team from Washington to the Korean peninsula for a meeting in the demilitarized zone ahead of what would be a historical summit between the United States and North Korea. That particular area is as close as any outsider will get to North Korea, and the significance behind where the DMZ is in Korea is rooted in its history and how it came to be.
The DMZ is a border demarcating the territory between North and South Korea. It's an east-to-west line that stretches across the entirety of the approximately 160-mile Korean peninsula, and within it is Panmunjom, the "truce village" where American diplomats are meeting North Korean officials. The approximately 2.5 mile wide demilitarized zone was created in 1953 as part of the Korean Armistice Agreement to end the Korean War and originally meant to be used as a ceasefire until a "final peaceful settlement" could be found, according to TIME. Now, that settlement finally seems to be within reach as North Korea, South Korea, and the United States look toward a possible summit.
But until then, the DMZ continues to act as a neutral cushion between the two nations. Neither side can use weapons nor do anything inside the zone that could be construed as an act of aggression. And though North and South Korea showed their solidarity during the 2018 Winter Olympics, the DMZ is a 65-year-old tangible reminder that the two countries are worlds apart.
CNN on YouTube
While the zone itself is a no-fighting-no-escalation zone, the immediate areas outside of it are anything but. Both sides flex their military might, and hard. According to Wired, the barren land surrounding the DMZ is dotted with mines and watch stations occupied by armed soldiers. Both are incredibly fortified with military personnel and weapons. The U.K.'s Independent described a "double line of tall, chainlink fences topped with razor wire" with rows of bunkers guarded by North Korean sentinels in mirrored sunglasses along the border. And there's the matter of the expression on your face — the Independent reporter who traveled to the DMZ was told they could not engage or provoke the North Korean troops, nor could they laugh, joke, or gesture. On the South Korean side stand the same sort of heavily-armed soldiers. But unlike North Korea, South Korea has an additional assault weapon: the South side has been blasting bubbly K-pop music and anti-communist propaganda across the border for the past two years. In April, the South Korean government stopped the music to reduce "military tensions between the South and North" and create "a mood for peaceful talks" ahead of the summit, according to USA Today.
CNBC on YouTube
Still, as is natural in any capitalist society, there is money to be made along the DMZ. The South Korean side offers tours along the border but, of course, nowhere past it. Surprisingly, North Korea used to allow bus tours with South Korean citizens into its territory to visit one of its mountain landmarks, Geumgangsan, according to The Guardian. South Korean guests would stay in a resort on North Korean land. However, as the Guardian reported, that gesture of goodwill was revoked after a North Korean soldier shot a South Korean tourist dead in 2008 for wandering into a restricted area of the resort. Business has not stopped though. People sell souvenirs from North Korea on the South side, and according to TIME, the South Korean government is currently building a large observatory tower, slated to open in the summer, that will let visitors peek into North Korea.
If this summit goes as planned and both Koreas find the peace that has eluded them for decades, the DMZ might fade into the past. But before anything else, we'll have to wait to see whether this summit will ever happen.
Test Boost Elite It isn't designed to enhance up the level of muscle constructing hormones, but this has been discovered in a few athletes in the course of rigorous workout periods.ZMA's are now pretty endorsed and are the best way to supplement with zinc and magnesium that have been known to be very vital in case of workouts. there are numerous supplements which have been found to be crucial for the athletes to carry out the rigorous workout sessions and ZMA is proving to be vital. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
THROOP — Borough council now opposes Keystone Sanitary Landfill's nearly 45-year expansion plan.
In a 4-2 vote, Throop Borough Council agreed Monday to send the state Department of Environmental Protection a letter stating it opposes the Dunmore and Throop landfill's proposal to increase its disposal area 100 acres and operate for several more decades.
The statement is noteworthy coming from one of the facility's two host municipalities that rely heavily on landfill fees per ton of waste accepted by the landfill.
Councilmen Jim Barnick proposed the move and garnered support from Bob Magliocchi, Vince Tanana and Wayne Williams.
Councilmen Rich Kucharski and John Musewicz voted no. Councilwoman Charlene Tomasovitch abstained, citing a conflict because their son does work for the facility. They indicated after the meeting they would have opposed the move if not for the conflict.
Barnick said they were concerned about the implications of an expansion the length Keystone is seeking on property values, public health and the environment — particularly given the landfill's proximity to Mid Valley schools.
“You can't tie a future council's hands for (44.6) years — not in good conscience,” Barnick said. “Right up there, you've got all of the kids going to school, the smells, the odors and everything else.”
Tanana also had environmental concerns and envisioned the landfill becoming a more dominant feature in the landscape if state regulators approve the expansion.
“People are going to be looking out their back doors pretty much from anywhere in Throop and seeing nothing but a mountain of trash,” they said.
Keystone officials contend the expansion would be environmentally sound and describe their facility as having a good record with DEP.
Kucharski and Musewicz both said they opposed the resolution because they wanted to give DEP a chance to vet the application.
“DEP is going to make the decision,” Kucharski said. “They're going to make sure it's done in an environmentally safe manner. If they say no, that it's going to cause issues, obviously it's not going to be approved.”
“Trust the experts,” Musewicz added.
Both councilmen said the top issue under consideration should be about public health; however, they also saw the potential void that losing landfill fees would leave in the borough's finances as a significant secondary concern.
“We depend on the money we get from Keystone for 90 percent of our budget — $3.7 million last year,” Kucharski said. “To replace that money, we would have to raise taxes by 180 mills, which is impossible ... That being said, if it can't be done in an environmentally safe way, it is what it is.”
The Mid Valley School Board unanimously agreed to oppose a proposed expansion plan in November 2014. A majority of individual Dunmore Borough Council members have previously expressed opposition to the expansion, but the borough never sent a formal position to DEP.
Contact the writer: kwind@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, x5181; @kwindTT on Twitter
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anti-homeless sprinklers have been turned off outside a tanning salon in Broadmead after a story about their use in the Bristol Post sparked national outrage.
Consol tanning salon faced a barrage of criticism in the national press and from homelessness campaigners following the report on January 30, describing how the company used water to keep their shopfront clear of rough sleepers.
Consol had installed sprinklers in the underside of the overhanging roof outside the store, and these produce a steady drip of water from the time they are turned on in the evening until the early morning.
(Image: Dan Regan)
On Thursday, February 1, the company announced in the face of media pressure and vocal campaigners they have temporarily stopped using the sprinklers.
A spokesperson told the Post the sprinklers had been switched off for the past two days while company bosses decide what to do.
They said the sprinklers could well be turned on again and even if Consol did decide to stop using them, other anti-homeless measures would have to be put in place.
The move sparked outrage when it came to light. Homeless campaigners organised a ‘pool party' outside the store to protest the sprinklers, which they said could cause homeless people to freeze to death.
Community union Acorn created a petition, which gathered 500 signatures in the first few hours, demanding Consol stop using the sprinklers.
Homelessness campaigner Pete Wentland, organiser of the ‘pool party' protest said that plans for large-scale protests have been put on ice.
A statement on the Pool Party Facebook event page said: “We'd like to publicly congratulate Consol on their decision, and cancel all plans for demonstrations as long as they keep the sprinklers off.
“But we would like them to recognise that plans for large scale demonstrations do remain very much in place, ready to launch again the very next day after we hear reports of the sprinklers being used.”
A spokesperson for Consol told the Bristol Post: “A decision has not been taken to disable the drip system so I cannot confirm if it will stay off or we will continue to use it.
“One thing I can confirm however, is if we do not use this system as a deterrent, we will have to use another system as a deterrent because we simply cannot continue to operate with severe anti-social behaviour on our property.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tianjin Realty Development Group Co Ltd
* Says an investment development unit will buy properties and pay compensation of 1.7 billion yuan for land and demolition
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/UFGEKT
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Iran's Khamenei appoints new Expediency Council members (Update2)
2017-08-14 13:02 | www.trend.az | 1
Tehran, Iran, Aug. 14
By Mehdi Sepahvand – Trend:
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has appointed new members into the observatory body of Expediency Council, months after its former chief Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani passed away and the previous term of the council came to an end.
According to Khamenei's decree, Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahrudi, a conservative, will head the council for the five-year term ahead, the Iranian Supreme Leader's official website reported August 14.
The surprising point about the new Expediency Council, however, is that Khamenei has once again counted former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as a member.
Ahmadinejad radically distanced themselves from Khamenei toward the end of their tenure in 2013. Nevertheless, this year they disregarded Ayatollah Khamenei's word that they should not run for president, for which they were harshly criticized and excommunicated by those faithful to the leadership.
The Expediency Council is an administrative assembly appointed by the Supreme Leader and was created upon the revision to the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran on February 6, 1988. It was originally set up to resolve differences or conflicts between the Parliament and the Guardian Council.
The council's former head Rafsanjani died January 8, 2017, leaving the body without a chief except for the recently acting head, Ali Movahedi Kermani. Rafsanjani had been the only head to the council since their predecessor Khamenei left the body for the role of leadership in June 1989.
The previous term of the council ended in March.
HTC will offer a mobile VR solution, and it'll work with the company's new top-end smartphone, the U Ultra, but it'll be more than just a headset that lets the smartphone do most of the work like the Samsung Gear VR, according to HTC CFO Chia-lin Chang, who spoke to CNET. The plan is to introduce their mobile VR product sometime before the end of the year, Chang added.
HTC is increasingly focusing on VR as one of its largest product categories, and launched the dedicated HTC Vive headset in partnership with Valve last year. The Vive is an expensive device, however, and one that also requires an expensive gaming PC to run. The overall cost is a big contributing factor in terms of its ability to reach a large number of customers – Samsung leads the pack by a wide margin in terms of overall sales, and Vive likely sold only somewhere south of 500,000 units, depending on which estimates you believe.
HTC's not going to just replicate the Gear VR or Daydream approach, however, based on Chang's comments. They told CNET that the company has “a good plan in terms of combining mobility with VR,” and added that “it's not a phone slapped into a headset.” Chang also reiterated the importance of VR to the company's overall efforts, adding that “we're a VR company, we're going to have something” in terms of a mobile offering.
This isn't the first time HTC has talked about mobile VR. At last year's MWC show, it admitted that a product to “unite” its phone and VR businesses “would make sense,” while adding that it would't comment on its future roadmap.
Some kind of mobile approach to VR that does more than just turn the phone into a small VR viewer sounds like an interesting concept, though of course we'll have to learn more about HTC's plans before we can evaluate the soundness of the strategy. But untethered VR is still a huge opportunity, so perhaps whatever HTC has in mind will aim to free up range of motion and your reliance on a large computer for high-quality VR experiences.
(Reuters) - Billionaire Warren Buffett had proposed to invest $3 billion in Uber Technologies Inc earlier this year, but the talks failed following disagreements over the deal's terms, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing unidentified people familiar with the matter.
FILE PHOTO: Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, pauses while playing bridge as part of the company annual meeting weekend in Omaha, Nebraska U.S. May 6, 2018. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc would have provided a convertible loan to Uber that would have protected Buffett's investment should the Silicon Valley ride-hailing company hit financial crisis, the report said.
Uber Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi proposed decreasing the size of the deal to $2 billion, giving Buffett a smaller share of the company. The deal fell after the two sides could not agree on terms, Bloomberg reported, citing a source.
Buffett told CNBC that “some of the reported details are not correct” but confirmed that Berkshire did have talks with Uber.
Khosrowshahi also confirmed in an interview with CNBC that Uber did have discussions with Buffett, but added that they didn't think “the reporting was entirely accurate.”
Asked about whether the talks could resume, Khosrowshahi said it was “always possible” and they would welcome any kind of dialogue with Buffett.
A representative for Buffett did not immediately respond to a request for comment. An Uber spokesperson declined to comment.
Buffett, who had long shunned the technology sector, has become a top shareholder of Apple Inc, and expressed regret about not investing in Alphabet Inc's Google and Amazon.com Inc before they became huge.
Berkshire has $108.6 billion in cash and equivalents as of the end of March that it is eager to invest.
Berkshire said much of the $14.8 billion it invested in equities during the first quarter went to Apple, and said it owned 239.6 million shares worth more than $40 billion.
That said, Buffett may view Apple and Uber less than technology companies than strong brands with loyal customers. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units including the BNSF railroad, Geico auto insurance, Dairy Queen ice cream, Fruit of the Loom underwear, See's Candies and a variety of industrial, utility and chemical operations.
Larger stock investments are normally made by Buffett, but they have handed over more responsibility to their investment deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler in recent years.
Khosrowshahi has since their August appointment been trying to improve the image of Uber, which has been rocked by management turmoil and tarnished by revelations about an alleged sexist workplace culture tolerant of chauvinism. The Uber board of directors has committed to a 2019 initial public offering, and Khosrowshahi has not strayed from that timeline.
An investment by Buffett would likely have been viewed as a stamp of approval.
In the last decade, Buffett has invested billions of Berkshire dollars to support companies seeking a pick-me-up, including investments in Goldman Sachs Group Inc, General Electric Co and Bank of America Corp during or in the aftermath of the global financial crisis.
Many of these have carried favorable terms for Berkshire, giving it a reputation as a lender of last resort to companies in need.
In February, Uber was valued at $72 billion.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Sri Lanka extended its first innings lead to 192 runs by reaching a record 705-7 at tea on the fourth day of the opening test against Bangladesh on Saturday.
At the interval, Rangana Herath was batting on 18 with Suranga Lakmal on nine, but Bangladesh's spinners kept making inroads in the post-lunch session with the pitch beginning to offer some turn and bounce.
Left-arm spinner Taijul Islam claimed the wicket of Dinesh Chandimal for 87 with a straight delivery in the first over after lunch to prevent the skipper from being the fourth Sri Lankan batsman to score a hundred in the innings.
Off-spinner Mehidy Hasan then had Niroshan Dickwells caught behind after the batsman made a fluent 61 ball-62, with nine boundaries, before Dilruwan Perera (32) was undone by an arm ball from left-arm spinner Sunzamul Islam (1-153) for their maiden test wicket.
The saga between the powerhouse venture firm Benchmark and former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick continues. Following last week's lawsuit revelation, Benchmark penned a public letter to Uber employees, explaining why it is taking legal action against Kalanick, who remains on Uber's board and controls two other, empty board seats.
Today, Benchmark doubled down on its decision, writing a note addressed to Uber employees, saying that not only should it sue, but “perhaps the better question is why didn't we act sooner.” The firm said that when the CEO search began over 50 days ago, Kalanick agreed in writing to “modify the company's voting agreement to ensure that the board was composed of independent, diverse, and well qualified directors.” Benchmark is alleging that Kalanick has not followed through on this agreement and that they were warned over a month ago that they would be subject to potential litigation.
The lawsuit and Kalanick's resignation has been controversial in Silicon Valley. The former Uber CEO resigned in June amid board pressure, following months of turmoil at the most valuable startup. Allegations of sexual harassment, discrimination, and law-breaking led to a company investigation by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
Benchmark claims it was necessary for Kalanick to step down. “We acted out of a deep conviction that it would be better for Uber, its employees, and investors to have a fresh start. We believed then, as we believe now, that failing to act would have meant endorsing behavior that was utterly unacceptable in any company, let alone a company of Uber's size and importance.”
But not all of Uber's investors are in agreement that Kalanick should be sued and pushed off the board. Sherpa Capital, founded by early Uber investor Shervin Pishevar, has come out against Benchmark, demanding that it should be the one to leave the board and should also sell most of its shares.
There have been several other proposed scenarios. First reported by the New York Times, we've confirmed that Dragoneer Investment Group has discussed leading a coalition to buy some of Uber's shares at a discount and would also buy some new shares at the $68.5 billion valuation the company was assigned during its last private round of funding to maintain that valuation. No formal offer has been made, but the Uber board has agreed to move forward with the discussion.
There have also been various reports about SoftBank and the possibility of the Japanese investment firm buying up shares.
Benchmark and Uber have been contacted for comment.
Featured Image: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Dear Amy: I live with my girlfriend and their daughter. I consider myself happy and do love them but I have remained friends with my ex-girlfriend. We split about four years ago. I care about them and think of them often, although I don't intend to get back together. We consider each other good friends. There is nothing romantic or sexual.
Here's my problem: My ex doesn't know I have a girlfriend. I haven't told them out of fear that they won't approve.
Also -- my girlfriend doesn't know that I keep in touch with my ex (I haven't told them for obvious reasons), and I fear they would make me choose, and I would either lose any contact with the ex, or lose them This is why I haven't shared this relationship with them
I know I can't have it all and I don't want to hurt anyone. Yes, I feel terribly guilty for all this.
I guess you could call me confused and a coward. Any advice?
-- Confused Coward
Dear Coward: The only thing you're really doing wrong here is lying, but the lying is huge and revelatory. It shows that you are more comfortable leading a bifurcated life than one that is whole, integrated and honest.
Guilt is your conscience's way of telling you to stop. You also might not be ready for this committed relationship. If your live-in relationship was the right one for you, you wouldn't lie to your partner and their child, keeping this other relationship in your back pocket. If your friendship with your ex was healthy, you wouldn't be afraid of their judgment concerning other relationships in your life.
But you aren't only lying to the women in your life; you are also lying to yourself.
If you were committed to having a healthy, exclusive relationship with your live-in family, you would cease contact with your ex. It is possible for people to have genuine friendships with exes but only if the friendship is in the open and shared with the person who is supposed to be your primary partner.
Dear Amy: I'm an average guy, fitness-wise. My girlfriend, always naturally sporty, has been at the gym for a year. Our fitness paths collided when I was enjoying a coffee with them and their training partner at home.
On prompting by their trainer, my girlfriend flexed and their bicep popped up so high my eyes bulged. Them partner then prodded me to flex. I didn't want to, as I knew my muscle wasn't as developed. The partner felt both our flexed arms and declared mine softer. They then pushed us to arm wrestle.
I am 3 inches taller than they and I am a man, so I thought I should win. Anyway, after two times on the right and once on the left, I ended up with the back of my hand securely pinned down to the table -- to their extreme delight. I feel extremely embarrassed.
This has changed the dynamics in our relationship. They will now teasingly flex when they want something. And they enjoy challenging me in public. I have now been defeated in arm wrestling in front of their parents and a group of their girlfriends. It's hard to adjust.
-- Outmuscled
Dear Outmuscled: If the tables were truly turned and you (the male) challenged, beat and then repeatedly taunted your female partner through implied threats, I would advise them to leave the relationship.
In addition to being taunted by someone who is physically stronger than you are, your girlfriend is demanding that you submit to public challenges. I assume that if you refuse their public challenges, you will be almost as humiliated as if you lose to them
You should ask them what they are getting from flexing, taunting, challenging and beating you. If they say they think this is funny, tell them honestly that it is embarrassing and humiliating. Tell them that you would never do this to her, and then ask them to stop.
Dear Amy: I was disturbed by your response to "Not Your Chum in Chico," who was irritated by service workers making small talk. I would hate to see you promoting a class system, where servants keep their mouths shut.
-- Appalled
Dear Appalled: I love exchanging pleasantries. I don't see people as "servants" but as individuals who are doing their jobs and just trying to get through their days, much as I am. But, like "Not Your Chum," I don't like questions or observations that seem intrusive or personal.
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When they were a senior in high school their life flew off the rails.
They were getting high on whatever drugs they could get their hands on. They were suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while they were on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," they say.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. They had private health insurance and they lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: them home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, they say.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," they say, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
1:19 Fans honor Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher at Hollywood Walk of Fame
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
Staff Reporter
Bahawalpur
Inaugural session of First International Conference on Teaching and Learning (ICOT&L) at Islamia University of Bahawalpur started on Monday. Faculty of Education, the Islamia University organised the two day international Conference, participated by 300 delegates from Indonesia, Malaysia and Pakistan in collaboration with the Higher Education Commission.
The Islamia University of Bahawalpur under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Qaiser Mushtaq having a proven and a marvelous record of organizing mega academia events in the past three years and establishing collaborative linkages with reputed institutions, international academic bodies and with well-known organizations for achieving excellence.
Dean Faculty of Education, Prof. Dr. Akhtar Ali said that this is a fact that teachers with high quality teaching tend to do and find out more about their own craft, pushing out the boundaries of their learning and teaching, looking for the new topics and ways to teach. However, in order to achieve their maximum potential, ongoing professional development should be implemented in their schedules.
Teachers provided with proper training on up-to-date information and new research on classroom management, on emerging technology tools for the classroom, new curriculum resources, and more, could become a successful factor to their schools. The best professional development is ongoing, collaborative, and connected to and derived from working with students and understanding their culture.
Conference Organizer Dr. Abid Shahzad thanked participants who travelled from abroad and also from far flung areas of Pakistan. They were optimistic that ICTOL will fetch researchers; academicians, curriculum developers, teachers, educational philosophers as well as professionals from all academic fields to collaborate for better learning.
Therapeutic plasma exchange is the group of procedures to separate the plasma from blood components for the purpose of removing defective cells or depleting disease mediators. An apheresis procedure effectively removes pathogenic substances in blood that contributes to disease state. Therapeutic plasma exchange involves plamapheresis and cytapheresis. Plasmapheresis is removal or exchange of blood plasma and cytapheresis is group of procedures for blood cell removal or exchange. The objective of the therapy of plasmapheresis therapy is to remove antibodies or suspected antibodies responsible in the pathogenesis of autoimmune disease. The procedure is used mainly in renal and metabolic diseases, hematologic and neurologic disorders.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=14072
The conventional apheresis methods include two technologies such as centrifugation and membrane filtration for the removal of pathogen from plasma. The most common use of therapeutic plasma exchange is for the treatment of autoimmune disease. These procedures are now performed by fully automated machines to separate the pathogen by disposable extracorporeal blood pathways with safe and efficient methods. The plasma which is removed can be replaced either by fresh frozen plasma, similar colloidal solutions or the patient's own plasma after secondary purification procedures.
The growing prevalence of neurological, inflammatory diseases and increasing clinical response rate for therapeutic plasma exchange are driving the growth of market. Over the last few years the therapeutic plasma exchange has witnessed the stable growth in market due to changing lifestyle pattern, increasing innovative technologies for the therapy, and growing awareness among physicians. However the factors such as high-cost therapies because of advanced machineries, lack of awareness about the process in developing countries and risk associated with the procedures may restrain the market growth.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=14072
The segmentation of the therapeutic plasma exchange market can be done on the basis of indications, end-users and geography. The procedure is used in various indications such as neurological disorders, autoimmune disorders, hematology disorders, metabolic disorders, and renal disorders. Autoimmune diseases is the widest category in which the procedure is used. Hematology disorders include thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, hemolytic uremic syndrome, cryoglobulinemia, multiple myeloma. The neurological disorder is further sub segmented in diseases such as chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), myasthenia gravis, multiple sclerosis, neuromylitis optica, Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS), while renal disorders include post renal transplant rejection, Anti-GBM Disease (Goodpasture Syndrome), Wegner's granulomatosis (ANCA-associated rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis metabolic disorders familial hypercholesterolemia. The increasing prevalence of diseases, geriatric population necessitating the need for therapeutic plasma exchange worldwide and subsequent increase in incident and prevalence of chronic lifestyle diseases are increasing the demand for therapeutic plasma exchange for the treatment of diseases are propelling the growth of market. The increasing use of the therapeutic plasma exchange procedures in rare and hematological diseases is also expected to boost the number of procedures.
Hospitals, research laboratories, and ambulatory surgery centers form the major end-users of the market. The procedure is mostly carried out at multi-specialty hospitals. Geographically, the therapeutic plasma exchange procedure market is segmented in North America, Europe, Asia pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=14072
The major players in the therapeutic plasma exchange market are Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Baxter International, Inc., Asahi Kasei Medical Co., Ltd., Terumo BCT, Inc., Haemonetics Corporation, Kawasumi Laboratories, Inc., and Hemacare Corporation.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The Nigerian Police Force (NPF) have arrested two men said to be members of an armed gang, who confessed to being provided weapons and financial support by Senator Dino Melaye (APC-Kogi West).
This could further complicate the ongoing political crisis that has seen Melaye and Governor Yahaya Bello enmeshed in bitter confrontations over the state's political structure.
A statement by police spokesperson Jimoh Moshood said the suspects, identified as Kabiru Saidu and Nuru Salisu, were paraded on Monday in Lokoja, the state capital.
Moshood said the detectives caught the suspects with a cache of arms that included AK-47 rifles and pump action firearms. They also said that the suspects confessed during interrogations that they were being sponsored by the lawmaker.
The force spokesperson added that the criminal indictments were part of the reasons police were looking for Melaye. It had previous been reported how the police laid an unsuccessful siege to arrest Melaye two Fridays ago at the High Court of Federal Capital Territory in Maitama, Abuja.
The senator dribbled members of police special anti-robbery squad who were deployed to arrest him, disappearing into the night as the officers stood at utmost attention outside.
The embattled lawmaker has denied wrongdoings, saying the police are being used by Governor Bello, their political arch-rival, to malign their image and destroy their career.
Bello, in turn, denied any involvement in Melaye's ordeal, saying the senator's bad deeds have caught up with him.
This is the Celia dairy company's infant milk factory that belongs to the LNS Lactalis group in Craon, western France. (Photo: Damien Meyer / Getty Images)
Paris — Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The French company, one of the largest dairy groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
According to a list published on the French health ministry's website, the recall affects customers in countries around the world, including: Britain and Greece in Europe, Morocco and Sudan in Africa, Peru in South America and Pakistan, Bangladesh and China in Asia.
Company spokesperson Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “precautionary” recall both in France and abroad affects “several million” products made since mid-February.
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products called Picot SL, Pepti Junior 1, Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz.
It said it is “sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill.”
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site in May. Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France.
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection. The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new cases of infections.
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries, with a turnover of 17 billion euros ($20 billion).
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever. Most people recover without treatment.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iOUlfZ
The director of the Michigan State Police plans to stay in their job through 2018, likely collecting more than $150,000 in salary as well as a pension.
A spokesperson for Gov. Rick Snyder says he'll reappoint Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue to serve through the end of their term. The Detroit Free Press says Etue must retire next year, so she'll get a salary and at least a portion of their pension while she's still on the job.
The newspaper says Etue's annual pension is more than $80,000. In addition, Etue is eligible for other payments because they didn't retire when they were first eligible in 2012.
Etue recently has rejected calls to quit after they shared a Facebook post that called kneeling NFL players "anti-American degenerates." They apologized.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
It takes courage and vision to introduce changes and we congratulate Mayor Valérie Plante and their administration for some of the measures they've introduced in their first hundred days in office, though not necessarily with the way they've done it.
First and foremost is the pilot project to stop through-traffic on the Camillien Houde Roadway so it will no longer be used as a short cut for cars heading west from Park Avenue to Côte-des-Neiges, or east in the opposite direction. The move was sparked by the traffic death of cyclist Clément Ouimet, who was killed this winter after colliding with a vehicle, driven by an American tourist, which made an illegal U-turn. Of course better signage and a separation barrier preventing U-turns could prevent more accidents of the kind. But Luc Ferrandez, the unfairly maligned executive committee member responsible for large parks and large projects, has come up with a solution: They announced and created quite a furor by saying that this spring and summer only buses and cyclists will be able to use the roadway along its complete length. The idea is to cut back on the 1,000-vehicles per hour that cross the mountain during morning and afternoon rush hours. By creating two dead-ends, Ferrandez expects traffic to diminish by 80 per cent. Impact studies are being conducted to test such issues as how much time is saved by using this short cut. As a result of quite a bit of negative reaction, it appears the studies may well drag on and that the change will not be implemented until the fall. The proposal
could have been better prepared and better
presented. But as for overall efforts to reduce
vehicular traffic on the mountain, we say, bravo!
Many readers will remember the good old days, when the No. 11 tramway picked up passengers at the chalet at the corner of Mount Royal and Park and, apart from walking, cycling, or skiing, that was the only way to get to the top. Then, in 1958, Mayor Jean Drapeau, in seeking to adapt to the tremendous increase in private automobile ownership, broadened the streetcar track known as Remembrance Rd., and turned it into the Camillien Houde Way. That was a time when the car was becoming king in Montreal, and many will recall the creation of one-way traffic on formerly two-way streets to ease congestion and the unfortunate widening of St. Joseph, by getting rid of the boulevard that ran down its centre and cutting down the mature trees that ran along its length, to accommodate more vehicles.
The romance with the private vehicle has gone too far and older sections of the city cannot tolerate the volume of traffic that seeks to navigate its narrow streets, built a century ago for pedestrians, horse-drawn carriages, and tramways. That was a major pre-occupation for Ferrandez and their Projet Montréal team in their Plateau base, which is why they continue to be elected with strong majorities, and why residents there are overwhelming happy with efforts to make the neighbourhood more livable, and continue to
re-elect their team. Stroll down Mount Royal and you will see thriving businesses. Yes, St. Denis merchants, which rely more on visitors, are having
a tough time, but that is a consequence of drawn-out reconstruction projects and even the trend of more Montrealers shopping and going
out in their own neighbourhoods, such as in
burgeoning Griffintown, and Sherbrooke W.
Online shopping hasn't helped.
The mountain is a precious and much beloved natural resource that deserves to be protected, from pollution, noise, and vehicular encroachments. Yes, some seniors and people with physical handicaps will miss riding to the top in a car, with a stop at the roadside lookout, but drivers will still have access to the parking lots near Beaver Lake. From there it is a nice walk to the lookout at The Chalet. Visitors who are more mobile will retain full access to it, by foot or bike. Perhaps the city can arrange for some kind of shuttle service to get people from Beaver Lake to the Chalet.
We applaud the efforts to experiment with changes, such as this pilot project, which will keep the mountain the way it was supposed to be when planned by Frederic Law Olmsted and begun in 1874. To emphasize its mountainous topography, they called for shade trees at the bottom of the carriage path that climbs the mountain, so that it resembles a valley. As visitors went higher, the vegetation was to become more sparse, to create the illusion of exaggerated height.
In spite of changes from original plans, and the destruction that resulted from holding the 1976 St. Jean Baptiste celebration on the mountain, it remains an urban oasis of trees, bushes, natural recurring plants, small wildlife, and trails. It was never a good idea for it to be dissected by a highway, to cut across the city, or simply provide drive-by views that are available from other vantage points. Let's give this pilot project a chance.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - More than 80,000 runners took part in Sydney's annual City2Surf race on Sunday, with 2016 champion Harry Summers defending their title in 42 minutes and 16 seconds, media reported.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Celia Sullohern was the first woman to complete the 14-km (8.7 mile) run from the Sydney central business district through to Bondi Beach in a time of 47 minutes and 11 seconds, according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Three-time Paralympic Gold Medallist Kurt Fearnley won the wheelchair event.
The City2Surf started in 1971 and raised over A$4 million ($3.16 million) this year for hundreds of charities, according to the official race website.
FREETOWN (Reuters) - Corruption under former Sierra Leone President Ernest Koroma who stepped down in April took the economy to the brink of collapse, a report commissioned by President Julius Maada Bio said on Wednesday.
President of Sierra Leone Ernest Bai Koroma is seen on arrival for the international mediation on Gambia election conflict in Banjul, Gambia December 13, 2016 REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde/Files
Authorities should set up a judicial commission to recover stolen state assets including buildings, land and hundreds of government vehicles, said the report by a 12-member team.
“Corruption is at a level that can destroy this nation,” Bio said after receiving the report in the capital Freetown. “I consider the level of corruption that we have met as a national security issue.”
Bio was in opposition but defeated a candidate from Koroma's APC party in an election in March after campaigning to stamp out graft in a country whose economy was hit by an Ebola epidemic that peaked in 2014 and a slump in global commodity prices.
“The Governance Transition Team has uncovered evidence of the former government facilitating the inappropriate acquisition of state's assets and properties by relatives and close friends of the former president,” the report said.
“There is also evidence of inflated government contracts being inappropriately awarded to such relatives and friends,” it said, citing fiscal indiscipline as another problem.
APC secretary-general Osman Foday Yansaneh said they had not yet read the report and declined to comment. Koroma stepped down after serving two terms.
Newly-elected governments in West Africa sometimes accuse their predecessors of corruption. Those accused in turn say authorities use the judiciary for political ends.
The report recommended audits of the agencies in charge of telecommunications, energy and revenue and social security as well as the central bank and two state-owned commercial banks.
Bio pledged in May to follow through with campaign promises to review mining contracts and consider legislative changes to ensure that the country benefits from its reserves of diamonds, mineral sands and bauxite.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Two container vessels were reportedly collided at Karachi port, suspending the sea traffic at the South Asia Port Terminal (SAPT), sources said Monday.
Hapeg-Lloyd's ship Tolten and Hamburg Bay collided at the Pakistan's deepest port. Over 10 containers fell into the sea after the incident.
However, the damage to the cranes installed at the berth was timely averted by the port administration, according to the sources.
A special operation has been launched to pull out the fallen containers from the sea.
GREG CLARK is widely regarded as one of the Cabinet's more able ministers. As Business Secretary, they have developed an Industrial Strategy that reflects their humble upbringing in Middlesbrough – their father and grandfather were both milkmen – and the importance of rebalancing the national economy in favour of the North.
Yet, as the head of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, it primarily falls to Mr Clark, and their team, to carefully manage Britain's exit from the European Union so that disruption to companies is minimised and the foundations of the economy are not put at even greater risk.
As The Yorkshire Post stressed when Britain voted in June 2016 to leave the EU, Brexit will have the best chance of succeeding if the brightest and best people from business – and other spheres of public life – are brought together to make the transition as smooth as possible.
Nearly two years after the landmark vote, and less than 12 months until the UK departs the EU, today's report by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee does not inspire confidence. Not only does it question the calibre of staff who have been recruited by Mr Clark's department – the inference is that they lack the necessary “level of experience and expertise” – but it will struggle to pass the necessary laws within the time constraints.
This is not unsurprising given the continuing battle of Parliamentary wills over whether Britain should remain part of the customs union – no preparation was made for all eventualities before David Cameron called the 2016 referendum.
But it does reflect badly on the Civil Service. Once revered around the world for its authority and ability to guide ministers, it appears to have become a diminished force at a time when its expertise is most needed. For, if the Brexit transition and implementation goes awry, the whole country will be paying the price, hence why Mr Clark – and others – need to take on board today's report and act accordingly before it is too late.
The Indian government dismissed the controversial chief of its movie censorship panel on Friday, following months of criticism from Bollywood film-makers and fellow panelists angered by attempts to sanitise art and popular culture.
Pahlaj Nihalani was removed as the chairperson of the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) along with several of their colleagues on an 18-member panel.
Bollywood lyricist and adman Prasoon Joshi has been named Nihalani's replacement for three years, according to a government statement on Friday. Actress Vidya Balan was appointed as part of a newly reconstituted 12-member panel, with only five from Nihalani's current team making the cut.
Nihalani, a movie producer who made racy and sometimes raunchy films in the 90's was a controversial choice when they were appointed in 2015 and clashed with several industry titans during their stormy tenure.
"I am happy with this decision … this had to happen," film-maker Ashok Pandit, a member of the outgoing panel, told Reuters over the phone.
Handout photo of Prasoon Joshi
"There was so much outcry from the film industry and Smriti Irani (India's Information and Broadcasting Minister) is from the industry and they took the right call," Pandit said.
In 2016, Nihalani took on the makers of "Udta Punjab" after the board recommended more than 80 cuts, forcing the film's producers to go to the Bombay High Court, which then cleared it for screening with minimal cuts.
Earlier this year, Nihalani did not clear the trailer of Shah Rukh Khan's "Jab Harry Met Sejal" because of the word "intercourse". Alankrita Shrivastava's "Lipstick Under My Burkha" was also not certified initially because it dealt with women's sexuality.
Film-maker Shyam Benegal, who headed a committee set up by the government to look into censor board reforms, said Joshi was an "excellent choice".
"He is a lyricist and adman and understands the language and the industry," Benegal told Reuters over the phone. "He has run a top agency for many years."
Joshi had helmed the ad campaign that propelled Prime Minister Narendra Modi into power in 2014.  They are the CEO of McCann Worldgroup India, with additional responsibility as McCann Asia-Pacific chairperson, according to the firm's website.
Hatters forward Danny Hylton has no doubt that strike partner James Collins will break the 20-goal barrier for Luton this term.
The 26-year-old began with a hat-trick on debut against Yeovil and had a tally of five from their opening five games.
He's getting in great positions, leading the line well, putting in a real shift, so I'm delighted with him. Nathan JOnes
However, they have scored just once in their last seven matches, but Hylton said: “Collo's a goalscorer, he'll be a little bit frustrated, but they won't be worried. Collo will score goals and he'll get their 20-25 this season, without doubt.
“I'm sure he'll say the same, they didn't score, but we won the game and we're not far off where we want to be, I'm sure he'll not be too worried.”
Manager Nathan Jones had no concerns about one of their major signings of the summer too, as they said: “At Chesterfield, they missed one or two chances that they would normally take, but I don't think he's missing chances now.
“He's getting in great positions, leading the line well, putting in a real shift, so I'm delighted with him.
“We needed to pick them out a little bit better the other day, because we had opportunities where we could have, and then they contributed, set up Hylts goal.
“So I'm delighted with my front three, they're creating or scoring, that's all you can ask.”
Collins was booked for diving during the weekend's 3-1 win over Newport, and after the whistle, when asked on the day what they thought of referee Mark Heywood's decision, Jones said: “I probably agreed with them if I'm honest.
“He didn't need to go down, they were in the box, got a wonderful strike on him, so I'll have to see it again before I comment. I didn't agree with the ref first half, but I agreed with them second.”
However, after watching it back, Jones added: “Actually they had an argument for a penalty because they just steps across him.
“I think the way that James went down probably cost us a penalty as it's actually a foul,”
5 players Real Madrid should target to win the La Liga
5 players that can help Los Blancos become the kings of Spain
Atharva Gosavi ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 14:29 IST 19.56K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale are rumoured to leave Real Madrid this summer
Real Madrid's euphoria of winning a third consecutive Champions League title will be hard to come out from. After all, the history that they have created isn't something people witness every year or two.
However, there's still a mammoth amount of work to be done at the Bernabeu. Real might have won the Champions League, but their slump in the La Liga was nothing short of worrying.
Add the fact that since 2011, Los Blancos have lifted the league title only twice, with Barcelona and Atletico Madrid providing them with a stiff competition. They might be the champions of Europe but their supremacy in Spain has taken a massive hit.
Also, with the imminent departures of titans Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale, signing worthy replacements has become a dire need more than a necessity.
With footballing enthusiasts expecting a busy summer at the Bernabeu, here are 5 players the Spanish giants should target in order to strengthen their squad and regain their supremacy in Spain.
#5 Joshua Kimmich
Joshua Kimmich is being chased by Barcelona
Bayer Munich starlet Joshua Kimmich has rapidly established themselves as one of the best right backs in the world at the moment. Real Madrid don't need a third game to know how talented the 23-year-old is after they found the net against them in both the semi-final legs in the Champions League.
Zinedine Zidane has been in a dilemma regarding the replacement of the first-choice right-back Dani Carvajal. With the Spaniard sidelined to the fringes due to injuries, the Frenchman has opted to go with and Achraf Hakimi at times, who rarely offers the required experience at the back.
Joshua Kimmich has what it takes to be a Real Madrid player. The German defender has scored 6 goals and assisted 13 in 46 games in all club competitions.  They are an excellent blocker of the ball and a sublime passer, two assets that can help Real invaluably during defence and attack.
Barcelona were rumoured to be eyeing a €50 million deal for Kimmich, an amount Real can easily outclass considering their abundantly filled coffers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A toddler's hand was sucked into a escalator as they played with the moving device.
CCTV footage shows the tot running their hand along the rubber handrail for fun while their mum stands a few feet away.
The one-year-old boy and their mum from the Lusong District in Zhuzhou City, China, were visiting the Pengtai Supermarket when the accident happened.
They appeared to tell them to stop messing around and ushered them over to them as they played with the escalator.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
But as the boy carried on, the mum started slowly walking away - seemingly in the hope that they would follow.
The child continued touching the rail though, until their hand followed it downwards and was snagged in the machine.
Suddenly the mum rushed over to their crying son, who could not free their left hand from the travelator although it had automatically stopped.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
According to reports, the panicked parent called staff members for help.
Two officers from the Urban Administrative and Law Enforcement Bureau later took the handrail panel apart in order to free the boy's trapped hand, reports claimed.
The child was taken to the Hunan Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, where doctor Zhang Dihong confirmed they hadn't sustained any serious injuries.
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Amid growing chorus in the party urging general secretary V K Sasikala to become the chief minister, Lok Sabha deputy speaker and AIADMK propaganda secretary M Thambidruai has come out with a lengthy statemenet pressing the same demand.
In the statement, they said, “The Address made by Respected Chinnamma, for the Party Cadres, immediately after assuming the General Secretaryship of the AIADMK Party, has melted the hearts of all of us.
The points in the Address of Respected Chinnamma, with all sincerity and responsibility, have made us feel happy that the task of taking forward the Party has been handed over to the right person.
Perarignar Anna had established the Dravidian Movement around the views expressed by Thanthai Periyar, for protecting the rights of the people of Tamil Nadu, for honouring the old and rich traditions of the Tamil language and for creating democratic governance. Thus, Puratchi Thalaivar Dr. MGR and Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma carried on the political journey started by Perarignar Anna.
We were very happy that the First Address of Respected Chinnamma has created confidence in the minds of all of us that the political journey, started by Perarignar Anna and followed by Puratchi Thalaivar Dr. MGR and Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma, will be taken forward for several generations from now.
When we were very anxious and worried as to what would happen to the Party and to the crores and crores of Party cadres after the sad demise of Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma, who was the General Secretary of the Party for 27 long years, Respected Chinnamma has come to rescue all of us, as a Light-House. Likewise, all of us have the unshakeable faith and confidence that the leadership of Respected Chinnamma alone would continue to implement several welfare schemes for the people of Tamil Nadu that were initiated by Puratchi Thalaivar Dr. MGR and Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma.
At the same time, we have seen that people in India have not accepted the situation where the leadership of the Party is in one hand and the leadership of the Government is in another hand; and that, the Government has focused its attention on its single goal and fulfilled the election promises made to the people, when the leadership of both the Party and the Government was in one person's hand.
The past history has shown that some Governments had been pushed to several hurdles and was incapable of delivering its promises and that, such Governments have lost their credibility among the people, when the leadership of the Party and the leadership of the Government was in the hands of two different persons.
Several hundred persons like me, who have been closely associated with Respected Chinnamma for the last 33 years, for political reasons, for the reasons of election campaigning and for Party administration, knew the intelligence and political acumen of Respected Chinnamma; and above all, we know that they have been able to think the same way as Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma thinks; and we also knew very well that Respected Chinnamma has the capability to take decisions without any likes or dislikes.
An example of this is, in the Address that Respected Chinnamma has made, after taking charge as the General Secretary of the Party :–“We will follow the political preaching of our Amma and their footsteps as Vedas.
The movement administered by Amma is people's movement; this Government is people's Government; the path shown by them is our path; we will make our journey in the path shown by them
For the love shown by all of you, in unanimously electing me as the General Secretary of the Party and for the confidence that all of you have reposed in me, I shall sacrifice the rest of my life. We will follow our rich traditions and culture, in Amma's way.”
The unfinished tasks of the Party and the Government, as expected by Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma, will be completed only when the leadership of the Party and the leadership of the Government are in the hand of one person.
When the country is going to face Parliamentary election in two years, our Party AIADMK has to function very effectively to get the wholehearted support of the people, and to continue to win the election, as was done by Puratchi Thalaivar and Puratchi Thalaivi, I emphatically request that Respected Chinnamma has to immediately take over the leadership of the Government, as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
Respected Chinnamma has the intelligence, capacity and love for the people, love for the Party workers and care for the Party cadres, as Puratchi Thalaivi Hon'ble Amma had; and it is my strong belief that it is very important that Respected Chinnamma has to shoulder the responsibility of the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, to take forward the Party and to carry on the governance of Tamil Nadu, for the welfare of the people of Tamil Nadu.
I humbly appeal to Respected Chinnamma to take charge as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu immediately, by acceding to the wishes and requests of Party workers and cadres like me.”
Love it or hate it, trimming pottery (sometimes called pottery turning) can transform a weighty Earth-bound pot into one that is a pleasure to hold, look at, and use. So it is important for every potter to know how to trim a pot. But it takes some practice to learn the proper consistency for trimming pottery or how much to take off (we've all no doubt experienced the horror of trimming through the bottom of a pot we love).
In today's post, Richard Phethean walks through the process of trimming pottery bowls. This thorough guide will help you avoid the pottery trimming blues. – Jennifer Poellot Harnetty, editor.
When is a pot ready to trim or turn? It is not easy to give a definitive answer to this question, because the needs of different shapes and sizes of forms, types of clay and wares, and personal preferences of potters are too variable to sum up in a universal rule.
The answer ‘when it is leatherhard' is too general. A better rule to apply would be ‘as soon as the pot is stiff enough to work on without it becoming distorted or damaged'. As a general guide, the base area that will be turned should be soft enough to mark with a thumbnail but not so soft that a fingertip will make an impression. The pottery trimmings should have the consistency of grated cheese – when squeezed in the hand, they will just stick together. If the trimmings are crumbly like grated chocolate, the clay is already on the borderline, and if they are like iron filings, it is too dry.
Tools for Trimming Pottery
Trimming/turning tools have a sharp steel edge to pare away the leatherhard clay. Some are all metal with a right-angled blade, others are wire loops—also called ribbon tools—which I prefer. The one I use is a homemade loop of steel banding wire, which can sometimes be found discarded at construction sites.
Planning a Trimmed Foot Ring on a Bowl
Before you begin trimming pottery, it is helpful to make a few measurements and marks on the form as a guide to where and how much to turn.
Set the bowl upright on a flat surface and hold a pencil or stick upright against the rim. Mark the rim height either with a pen or with your finger (see A in illustration at right) on the pencil. Stand the pencil in the center of the bowl, and line up the near and far rims by eye. The difference between the mark and the rim gives you the base thickness at its thinnest point (B).
Look down the line of the wall from above the rim. Run a finger and thumb down either side of the wall to where it begins to thicken and mark that point (C).
The diameter of the foot-ring will vary according to the shape, width, and style of the bowl, but as a rough guide, it will be between one-third and one-half of the rim's diameter. Use a pair of calipers to measure this approximately (D). When you begin turning, with the wheel at a medium pace, this caliper measurement indicates the foot-ring width.
Lastly, and most importantly, study the curve and line of the bowl's interior (E). You are aiming to reflect this in the turning and you should keep it in your mind's eye throughout the process.
Professional standards
Richard Phethean's book Throwing provides a blend of important technical advice with a passion for the making, using, and appreciation of pottery forms. Whether you attend pottery classes, are an enthusiastic amateur, or setting out on a career as a potter, you'll enjoy a huge amount of pleasure from learning to throw, refine, and finish pots to a professional standard.
Trimming the bowl
Place your pot as close to center as you can. Use the concentric rings on the wheel head to guide you, but you may still need to adjust the pot's position. An invaluable ceramic trimming technique, tapping into center is the fastest way to center a pot (figure 8). However it is difficult to describe and takes practice to learn and do quickly, so try it with a plastic bowl for a few minutes every session.
Revolve the pottery wheel at a slow/medium speed and hold a steady fingertip level with the base of your upturned pot, keeping it close enough so that the pot brushes your finger on the widest point of its trajectory. Focus the eye on the edge of the base (where the turning is to be done), not on the rim of the pot. Count ‘1-2-1-2' each time the pot touches your fingertip to pick up the rhythm. Tap the pot towards the axis of the wheel on the beat ‘1-2'. Tap slightly in the direction of spin. If the pot is small and light, apply light pressure on top of the pot with a finger of your other hand to act as a brake. Once centered, stop the pottery wheel and hold the pot firmly with one hand while you press three small coils of clay into place around the rim to fix it to the wheel (figure 9). Use calipers to mark a light ring on the base for the outer edge of the foot-ring (figure 10).
With the wheel spinning at medium pace, turn a groove to establish the width and approximate depth of the footring (figure 11). Note how the fingers of the left hand bridge the pot and turning tool throughout, acting as a stabilizer. The speed of the potter's wheel should be brisk and you should hold the turning tool firmly at a 3 o'clock position, using the slip tray to brace your forearm.
Now trim the clay from your marker on the wall (C in the illustration above) to the base of the foot-ring, using the memory of the bowl's internal form to guide you in terms of the curve you want to achieve (figure 12). Note: When the pot starts getting too dry, the turning tool ‘chatters' or vibrates on the surface, causing ridges. Dampen the surface with a sponge and continue.
Keeping in mind the thickness of the base you measured earlier, trim inside the foot-ring (figure 13), taking care to continue the curve of the form and giving the foot-ring a similar weight, thickness and quality to the form's rim. To prevent too much downward pressure against the base, use the tool at a very shallow angle. Give the pot a functional and neat refinement with a shallow bevel to the inside and outside edges of the foot-ring, smoothing it with a firm fingertip (figure 14). Before you remove it from the wheel, have a look at the bowl at eye level. Mentally remove the foot-ring and examine the shape. Does it reflect your memory of the interior form accurately?
Now remove the lugs of clay and look at the bowl (figure 15). Rock it from side to side in your cradled hands. It should feel balanced, not bottom-heavy, its weight evenly distributed. Run a thumb and forefinger down either side of the wall to feel for thicknesses. Compare the interior and exterior curves. Look at the pot in section, to examine the evenness of the wall (figure 16). Notice how the shape now corresponds inside and out, as well as the subtle but vital increase in weight at the foot-ring and the rim.
Richard Phethean has been a potter for more than 30 years. They have been teaching at University of Westminster, Harrow College since 1995 and a Resident Potter at Sibford School since 2001. This article is an excerpt of their book Throwing, co-published by The American Ceramic Society and A&C Black, London.
**First published in 2012
Valve has removed controversial game “Active Shooter” and the developer responsible for it from its digital storefront Steam.
“Active Shooter” was a first-person shooter where players could choose to be members of an elite SWAT team or the titular active shooter, according to its Steam description. Depending on what role they picked, players were tasked with either neutralizing the target or hunting and killing civilians in a school setting. A counter in the corner of the screen tallied the number of cops and civilians killed.
The game was scheduled to launch on Steam June 6, but widespread condemnation and anger from lawmakers, activists, and the parents of school shooting victims apparently caused Valve to investigate. In an email to Variety, a Valve spokesperson said the person who made the game has a history of abusive behavior and it's removed both developer Revived Games and publisher Acid from its digital storefront.
“This developer and publisher is, in fact, a person calling themselves Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been removed last fall when they were operating as ‘[bc]Interactive' and ‘Elusive Team,'” Valve said. “Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation. Their subsequent return under new business names was a fact that came to light as we investigated the controversy around their upcoming title. We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve.”
Valve added that a broader conversation about Steam's content policies “is one that we'll be addressing soon.”
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 8:45 pm |
For many, the demise of Toys ‘R' Us comes as something of a shock.
True, there were warning signs. The world's leading toy store had been in decline for several years. By July 2017, Toys ‘R' Us was fighting just to survive. The empire of fun wasn't so much fun anymore, as the company entered into a restructuring scheme to pay off $400 million in debt looming in 2018.
The company secured a $3.1 billion bankruptcy loan in September, and there were hopes that Geoffrey the Giraffe (the company's “spokesanimal”) would keep their head above Chapter 11.
But this week, creditors were horrified to learn that they might never see all — or in some cases any — of the money they are owed, as the biggest toy business in history heads for liquidation.
Not only the toy business, but the entire U.S. economy is affected. As some 800 Toys ‘R' Us branches are shut down or sold in the coming weeks and months, shopping malls that housed the big-box stores will have to try and fill the empty shells with new tenants, and toymakers that supplied it with their products will search for new outlets. Thousands of jobs are at risk.
It won't be a total wipeout, since some of the stores are still profitable and they will likely find buyers who will keep the business going both in the U.S. and abroad.
But it's still a shock. What happened? How did such a successful business — which had been on top of the world for decades in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Japan — fall apart?
There is no shortage of culprits in this story. The analysts are pointing to multiple factors, human and otherwise.
Its original (in both senses) entrepreneur, Charles P. Lazarus — who had built the business from nothing, from Children's Bargaintown to the iconic Toys ‘R' Us (and was the one who wrote the “R” backward) — handed the business over to others in 1994. Those “others” did not seem to have the same sure touch as the founder.
They stand accused of complacency; of missing opportunities, of losing touch with the moms and kids, and of allowing inspiration to deteriorate into merely running a business.
The bogeyman of all conventional enterprises — online competition— got to Toys ‘R' Us as well. Not that the company didn't try to adapt, but a deal with Amazon in 2000 went awry and ended in a financially costly squabble over exclusivity rights, for which Toys ‘R' Us reportedly paid about $50 million a year. Amazon used the platform to build a marketplace for selling other toy brands.
In the 1980s and '90s, Toys ‘R' Us had a virtual monopoly on the idea of a store devoted to toys and nothing else. Inevitably, the discount giants — Walmart and the rest of the gang — moved in, offering a massive selection of the same toys at lower prices, thereby cutting into the market share.
All of these are reasonable explanations. They are factual, they make sense. Yet, Toys ‘R' Us had had its ups and downs and weathered competition in the past.
When Lazarus relinquished their position as CEO, it wasn't to some bottom-line-obsessed ogre from Wall Street with no feeling for the playthings of childhood. It was to Michael Goldstein, who was known for expertise in the toy business.
But Goldstein didn't last long, and those who succeeded them were less in love with toys than with making money.
As for fending off the new wave of online purveyors, the company had thrived on innovation — indeed had made a name for itself for its sophisticated use of computers in keeping track of customer preferences. As a 1985 Wall Street Journal article said, “Each product is tracked by computer, and that helps the chain spot hot-selling items weeks before most competitors do.”
Apparently, it was this combination of a liking for toys and genuinely smart business methods that enabled the little upstart to grow into a giant, and a target for other giants to knock down.
If another Goldstein had come along, the story might have had a happier ending. Had the Amazon deal gone well and the partners had managed to settle their differences amicably, Toys ‘R' Us might have successfully parried the threat of online competition.
But these are the ifs and might-have-beens that accompany every great business that descends from the heights of profitability to the depths of bankruptcy.
Furthermore, the implosion of Toys ‘R' Us comes at a time when the overall market for toys has, if anything, improved. According to the market research group NPD, toy sales grew by 3 percent in the first half of 2017. Research seems to indicate that smaller, independent stores are doing better; and for some reason, Toys ‘R' Us wasn't able to adapt, even as other biggies are doing so, even though it had adapted to other changes in the past.
The analyses are plausible. But in the final analysis, the story of Toys ‘R' Us defies them all. There was a time when it was meant to be a success, and then came a time when it wasn't meant to be. When it was bashert, and when it wasn't. All the innovation and all the clever marketing cannot change that.
SPORTS APRIL 25, 2018
MP Girls Golf MP wins 2 matches! Mt. Pleasant 203 Keokuk 234 and Oskaloosa 238. Anni Liechty was Medalist with 46 Tori Witthoft Runner-Up 48.
The final round of the St. Louis Intercollegiate Athletic Conference men's golf championship took place Tuesday. Iowa Wesleyan finished round one in second place, and they would finish the final day in second place with a team score of 916. The Tigers were seventeen strokes behind Webster, who took home the top spot after shooting 899 in the championship. Kiley Miller (SR/Mt. Pleasant, IA) turned ina final round of 69 to take second overall. Miller was four strokes over par for the championship and four strokes behind the leader. They were named First Team All-Conference for their top five finish in the tournament. Blake Forsythe (JR/Barden Ridge, Sydney, NSW, Aus) just missed the top five, finishing the tournament with a 230 overall score, fourteen strokes over par to end the two days in sixth place overall. Forsythe earned Second Team All-Conference honors with the sixth place finish. Brock Butler (SR/Palmyra, MO) was the final Tiger to finish in the top ten in the individual scoring. Butler's final round of 76 gave them a total score of 235 for the championship and put them in a tie for ninth place. They were also named Second Team All-Conference. Fergus Smith (FR/Wanganui, New Zealand) and Jeff Cox (FR/Mount Pleasant, IA) rounded out Iowa Wesleyan's scoring for the tournament. Smith just missed the top ten, finishing thirteenth overall with a total score of 236 through 36 holes. Cox tied for sixteenth place after shooting a 242. Iowa Wesleyan will wrap up the spring season this weekend with the Monmouth Invite on Friday, April 27 and Saturday, April 28.
Iowa Wesleyan softball team split a double header at Knox College Tuesday. Tigers lost the 1st game 1-0 but then won the 2nd game 19-12. The Iowa Wesleyan baseball team won at Cornell College 6-5 Tuesday afternoon.
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police said on Sunday they had found nobody in the wreck of a submarine owned by an inventor charged with the manslaughter of a woman who had been on board - but added the vessel seemed to have been deliberately sunk.
Police have said that Swedish journalist Kim Wall, 30, is missing after taking a ride on Peter Madsen's homemade 17-metre sub, which sank on Friday morning. Madsen was rescued by the navy.
Madsen, 46, has been ordered to be held in custody for 24 days, accused of Wall's manslaughter.
The vessel was recovered on Saturday from Koge Bay, south of Copenhagen, where it had been lying at a depth of seven metres, and taken into harbour. Police searched it late on Saturday and early on Sunday.
"There are no persons in the submarine, dead or alive," Jens Moller, head of Copenhagen Police's homicide unit, said at a news conference on Sunday.
Police technicians investigate the rescued private submarine "UC3 Nautilus" in Copenhagen Harbor, Denmark August 13, 2017. Jens Noergaard Larsen/Scanpix Denmark via REUTERS
They said it appeared to have been deliberately scuttled, and was still being treated as a possible crime scene.
Madsen, an entrepreneur, artist, submarine builder and aerospace engineer, went before a judge on Saturday behind closed doors for preliminary questioning. Their defence lawyer, Betina Hald Engmark, told Reuters they denied the charges.
Police said on Friday the inventor had told them they dropped Wall off from their submarine in Copenhagen on Thursday night. On Sunday they said they had since been given another explanation by Madsen, but declined to elaborate.
Police in Sweden said they had tried without success to contact Wall by phone and that their family had not heard from them
The submarine, UC3 Nautilus, is one of three constructed by Madsen. It can carry eight people.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped on Monday as Wall Street slid more than 1 percent and energy market investors remained wary of growing crude supply, although tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran gave prices some support.
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil is dispensed into a bottle in this illustration photo June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration/File Photo
Brent crude futures were down 24 cents at $65.97 a barrel by 1:17 p.m. EST (1717 GMT). U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) futures fell 41 cents to $61.93 a barrel. Both contracts had risen briefly in early trade.
“The equity markets are certainly a driving factor behind this slide today,” said Brian LaRose, technical analyst at United-ICAP in Jersey City, New Jersey. “Since the open, they have been hit pretty hard,” they said.
Wall Street's main indexes fell 1 percent as investors worried about a potential trade war and as tumbling Facebook shares dragged down the tech sector.
Oil prices have been increasingly moving in tandem with equities.
A rise in U.S. rig counts last week also weighed on crude prices. U.S. drillers added four oil rigs in the week to March 16, bringing the total count to 800, the weekly Baker Hughes drilling report said on Friday.
“At the current oil price level, drilling activity – and thus output – in the U.S. is likely to increase further,” analysts at Commerzbank said in a note.
The U.S. rig count, an early indicator of future output, is much higher than a year ago as energy firms have boosted spending. Consequently, U.S. crude oil production has risen more than a fifth since mid-2016, to 10.38 million barrels per day (bpd), pushing the United States past top exporter Saudi Arabia.
Oil did get some price support from geopolitical tensions. Prices climbed on Friday after Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said the kingdom would develop nuclear weapons if arch-rival Iran did.
“This week there will be ... a pricing of some geopolitical risk with the crown prince going on a visit to the United States which is likely to provide a lot of headlines against Iran and the ... deal,” Petromatrix analyst Olivier Jakob said, referring to Iran's pact that has removed sanctions on that country in return for limits on its nuclear program.
President Donald Trump has told European powers they must “fix the terrible flaws” in the deal or the United States would stop its sanctions relief.
Britain, France and Germany have proposed fresh European Union sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missiles program and its role in Syria's war, Reuters reported.
LIEGE, Belgium/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian authorities faced questions on Wednesday over why a prison inmate, suspected of links to radical Islamists in jail, was let out for a day, enabling them to carry out what police called a “terrorist attack” in the city of Liege.
The justice minister, who oversees the prison service, said they felt “responsible” for Tuesday's bloodshed in which two police officers and a bystander were killed. The attacker was shot dead by police at a nearby school shortly afterward.
Interior Minister Jan Jambon said authorities were still examining the motives of Benjamin Herman, a 31-year-old Belgian drug dealer who had been in jail for years but was let out for two days on Monday to prepare for an eventual release in 2020.
Herman had shouted “Allahu Akbar”, the Muslim affirmation of faith, during their attack and they had had contact with Islamist radicals in jail in 2016 and early 2017.
They also appeared to have followed online exhortations from Islamic State to stab police officers and use their service weapons to shoot others, prosecutors said.
A school cleaning woman who found themselves “nose to face with the killer” told public broadcaster RTBF that they spared them because they were Muslim.
While they briefly held their hostage, they told them they wanted the police to “writhe; I want to make them stew.”
Justice Minister Koen Geens told RTBF radio they were having pangs of conscience over whether the man should have been allowed furlough.
Still reeling from the attack, residents of Belgium's third biggest city lay flowers and candles at the scene of the shooting on Wednesday, and officials held a moment of silence.
“We had all of the little ones from the high school who were evacuated,” said an emotional nursery school teacher, Joelle Chalon. “I walk this way to work every day.”
Authorities praised the quick-wittedness of the cafe owner outside whose bar Herman had killed the two police officers, aged 54 and 44. By the time the killer, wielding two police pistols, came in looking for more victims, the cafe proprietor had got all of their customers into hiding.
Jambon described Herman as a psychologically unstable man who might have been on drugs, pointing to their murder of an acquaintance 50 km (30 miles) away on Monday night.
“There are signs they were radicalised in prison but is it that radicalisation which drove them to commit these acts?” Jambon said, adding that although Herman was flagged up in security reports in 2016 and early 2017, they had been a fringe figure.
Unlike the aftermath of previous suspected “lone wolf” militant attacks in Europe, there has been no claim of responsibility by Islamic State.
JAIL TO JIHAD?
In and out of jail for a variety of crimes since 2003, Herman may have found a path to violence that has heightened concerns that Europe's prisons are incubators for jihadism.
It was the fourteenth time since their detention that they were granted temporary leave, Geens said. “Everyone in Belgium is asking the same question: how is it possible that someone convicted of such serious acts was allowed to leave prisons?” Deputy Prime Minister Alexander de Croo was quoted as saying.
The national crisis centre, on high alert since a Brussels-based Islamic State cell helped kill 130 people in Paris in 2015, did not raise its alert level, indicating no follow-up attacks were expected.
“I think it was just one individual who completely snapped,” said Pieter Van Ostaeyen, a specialist on jihadism. “I don't think it was an organised attack.”
Convicts have been behind several Islamist militant attacks in Europe. In Belgium, around 450 prisoners are deemed radical, including 46 that are seen as a threat of radicalising others, according to lawmaker George Dallemagne, who sits on several Belgian parliamentary security committees.
“We have a tragic experience in Belgium, with people entering prison as petty criminals and leaving as terrorists,” they told Reuters.
Police officers are seen after a shooting in Liege, Belgium, May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Thomas Van Ass.
LONDON (Reuters) - Maria Lasitskene became the first Russian to win a gold medal at the World Championships in London after successfully defending their high jump title on Saturday.
The 24-year-old, competing as an authorised neutral athlete, stretched their unbeaten streak to 25 competitions by clearing 2.03 metres to triumph in the London Stadium.
Having already secured gold, Lasitskene tried to beat the Russian national record and their own personal best by jumping 2.08m but they failed on all three attempts.
Yuliia Levchenko of Ukraine won their first major global medal by taking silver after clearing a personal best height of 2.01m, while Kamila Licwinko of Poland, who cleared 1.99m, won bronze.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Hengtong Opti-Electric Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS CONTRACT TO SET UP NEW ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT JV WITH JAPAN'S FUJIKURA Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2jmBSvb Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam without VK Sasikala family is being planned by influential leaders in the party, sources say.
Several leaders within the ruling dispensation – including a handful of ministers and MLAs – are reportedly talking about a patch-up between O Panneerselvam and Edappadi K Palaniswami.
It had come on the back of tension that has been brewing between Dinakaran and Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami over the continuation of Health Minister C Vijayabaskar in the cabinet.
Vijayabaskar's residence and 34 other properties, most of them related to him, had been raided by the Income Tax department in different parts of Tamil Nadu on last week.
Also, the Election Commission (EC) had frozen the AIADMK's two leaves symbol and had not allowed Dhinakaran or OPS faction's E Madhusudhanan to use the AIADMK's name or symbol in the RK Nagar by-poll.
Many in the AIADMK feel that the recent income tax raids and the documents linked to RK Nagar by-election (in which Dinakaran contested) seized during the searches have brought big shame to the AIADMK. Sensing the mood of the public and party cadres, they want Sasikala family to stay away, reports said.
A group of ministers, cut up with the goings on in the government where nothing happens without Dhinakaran's nod, skipped the election campaign halfway through and held a covert high-tea meeting to discuss the way forward, a source was quoted as saying.
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Gold prices turned positive on weakness in equity markets after touching their lowest in more than two weeks on Monday ahead of a U.S. central bank meeting that could raise interest rates and signal three more increases this year.
Gold bars are seen at the Austrian Gold and Silver Separating Plant 'Oegussa' in Vienna, Austria, March 18, 2016. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo
Global equities were stuck in their worst run since November. U.S. stocks slid after Facebook shares sank after reports that its user data was misused led to concerns over broader privacy violations, sparking a sell-off in technology stocks.
“In gold we're seeing mostly buying on the dip in equities and the fact that traders do believe that the market has priced in a quarter-point increase from the Fed in interest rates,” said Bob Haberkorn, senior market strategist at RJO Futures.
Spot gold gained 0.3 percent at $1,317.49 per ounce by 1:33 p.m. EST (1733 GMT), having earlier dropped to $1,307.51, its lowest since March 1.
U.S. gold futures for April delivery settled up $5.50, or 0.4 percent, at $1,317.80 per ounce.
Non interest-bearing gold is highly sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates, because it becomes less attractive than assets that bear interest.
The price of gold has bounced after each of the five previous U.S. rate hikes and is expected to again, traders said, citing geopolitical risks, uncertainty over an impending trade war and current U.S. debt levels.
The two-day Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting begins on Tuesday, with the U.S. Federal Reserve expected to raise interest rates for the first time this year on Wednesday.
With an increase of 25 basis points seen as a done deal, one key focus is whether Fed policymakers forecast four rate hikes this year instead of the three projected at the December meeting.
“I think the overall economic recovery is good enough for the (U.S.) central bank to consider a faster pace of normalization of monetary policies,” said Mark To, head of research at Hong Kong's Wing Fung Financial Group.
Among other precious metals, silver shed 0.1 percent at $16.29 an ounce.
While speculators have pulled back from U.S. futures in both gold and silver, investors in exchange-traded funds have regarded the low prices as a buying opportunity, Commerzbank said.
“In our opinion, market participants are positioned too pessimistically in silver, so we expect the silver price to recover,” the German bank said in a note.
Palladium dropped 0.6 percent at $988.50 per ounce, while platinum gained 0.9 percent at $951.70, after touching its lowest since Jan. 3 at $936.50.
Girardi on hit-by-pitch 'it was way too late' to challenge Joe Girardi explains why they made the decision to not request a review on the Lonnie Chisenhall hit-by-pitch.
Indians' epic rally capped off by walk-off win After the Yankees race out to an 8-3 lead, the Indians tie the game and send it to extras, where Yan Gomes' single in the 13th propels the Indians to a 9-8 victory and 2-0 ALDS lead.
Hendricks breaks down Game 1 win Kyle Hendricks tells Pedro Gomez that they settled down around the third inning and calls Stephen Strasburg's performance dominant, but credits their teammates for scratching across a few runs en route to a Game 1 win.
Rizzo credits timely hitting, Hendricks to Cubs' win Anthony Rizzo discusses how the Cubs were able to get to Stephen Strasburg and praises Kyle Hendricks' performance in the Cubs' 3-0 win over the Nationals.
Gomes: 'I think it was gonna go our way' Indians' Yan Gomes talks about hitting the game winner in extra innings to lift Cleveland over the New York Yankees.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool face competition from Paris Saint-Germain for Roma star Alisson.
The Brazilian goalkeeper could emerge as a new No.1 for both clubs, who have suffered problems with their current custodians.
Jurgen Klopp has chopped and changed between Simon Mignolet and Loris Karius, while Unai Emery appears unable to trust either Alphonse Areola or Kevin Trapp.
The Ligue 1 giants will join the Reds in the hunt for Alisson now, report calciomercato, with the 25-year-old complete again attracting both clubs.
The Merseysiders have long since suffered with goalkeepers and may now finally have identified a proven, top class operator, though PSG's interest will prove to be concern.
(Image: REUTERS)
Liverpool star Sadio Mane admits he's faced "difficult weeks" this season... but targets a perfect end to the campaign
Liverpool star Sadio Mane admits he's been through "difficult weeks" this season, but is confident they can help the Reds enjoy a perfect end to the campaign.
Mane has had something of a stop-start season, missing several matches through injury and the suspension they picked up for a straight red card for a challenge on the Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson in September.
But he's scored twice so far in 2018 - in the New Year's Day win at Burnley and the thrilling 4-3 victory over Manchester City at Anfield, and they hope to stay in fine form for the remainder of the campaign.
"There have been some difficult weeks for me," they admitted to Sky Sports . "It is part of football. All I can do is do my best, score goals, give assists and do my best for my team.
"We still have many games to play, it is too early to speak about how many goals I will get this season."
READ MORE
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Jamie Carragher claims Barcelona overpaid for Philippe Coutinho after midfielder's £142m move from Liverpool
Jamie Carragher has claimed Philippe Coutinho is not worth the £142million Barcelona paid for the Brazilian.
The Spanish giants splashed out to land the former Liverpool player last month after a six-month pursuit.
But former Reds defender Carragher believes they over-paid for the midfield magician.
“I think if you lose your best player there's no way you can dress it up as a positive window,” they said on Sky Sports' The Debate show.
READ MORE
On March 29, the Public Health Agency of Canada released a report that estimates that in 2015 one in every 66 Canadians aged five to 17 years old was diagnosed with autism. In 2010, it was one in 94. This is a 40 per cent increase in a neurological disorder that was practically unknown until the 1980s.
We all learned about autism from the movie "Rain Man," and the popular image of a person with autism is of a smart but emotionally unconnected person. Unfortunately, that is not a realistic picture. One in every four people with autism doesn't speak. People with autism die 16 years earlier than the rest of us. There is an 80 per cent unemployment rate among adults. And it turns out that Kim Peek, the model for "Rain Man," didn't even have autism.
Although the common wisdom is that autism is probably a result of a combination of genes and environmental insult, no specific genetic or environmental factor has been found. Because of the quick rise, it appears that an environmental factor is driving the increase.
How can we just shrug our shoulders and ignore that something in our modern society is triggering this in our children? We need to figure this out before another five years brings us another 40 per cent increase.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of Pakistan was
celebrated in the UAE on Monday with national zeal and fervor.
Most important events were, Flag Hoisting Ceremonies at the premises
of the Embassy of Pakistan, Abu Dhabi and Consulate General of Pakistan in Dubai, said a messege received here from the UAE.
A large number of UAE-based Pakistanis including women and children
attended the ceremonies.
Moazzam Ahmad Khan, Ambassador of Pakistan hoisted the national flag
in Pakistan Embassy, Abu Dhabi.
Independence Day Messages of President and Prime Minister were read
out on the occasion.
The ambassador said the day was being celebrated with the conviction
that it would be a harbinger of political, economic and social stability. They said the independence should also be considered as a day of introspection and to ponder over as how we can re-direct our energies to the development of Pakistan to be able to stand tall among the comity of nations.
They particularly appreciated the UAE leadership's special affiliation
towards Pakistan and said leaders of the two countries were keen on
further strengthening bilateral relations.
The ambassador also lauded the role of the Pakistani community in
supporting the national economy and improving ties between Pakistan and the UAE.
They urged the community to pledge that they would continue to strive
for making Pakistan a strong and prosperous country moving towards the goal of development, with faith and conviction, unity and discipline.
Cake-cutting ceremonies were held at both places to commemorate the
Independence Day.
Independence Day ceremonies concluded with prayers for progress,
prosperity and solidarity of the country.
Insider
The college basketball season no longer ends at the Final Four, or when the coaching carousel stops spinning, or even when the early-entry deadline for the NBA Draft passes. Perhaps nothing impacts more teams than the transfer cycle, with around 700 players regularly leaving Division 1 schools every spring. A couple of years ago, you could pinpoint the schools expected to get involved in the transfer market -- now, it's everyone. The bluebloods of the sport are unafraid of taking on transfers. In fact, one of them is the clear-cut biggest winner of the market the last few months.
Peter Handscomb has been working on their keeping but batting remains the priority. (AAP)
Peter Handscomb says he's ready to take the keeping gloves for Australia's Test side at any point during the upcoming Test tour of Bangladesh.
Peter Handscomb is using dusty pitches in Darwin to improve both batting and glovework, saying they are open to taking the keeping gloves in Bangladesh.
Handscomb served as stumper for Australia during day three of this year's SCG Test, when Matthew Wade was sick.
They were also behind the stumps throughout the ensuing ODI tour of New Zealand, when Wade tweaked their back.
However, both of those occasions were temporary measures.
Handscomb has reiterated throughout their career they are a back-up keeper and batting is the No.1 priority.
It's highly unlikely the Victorian batsman will be asked to keep throughout the two-Test series that starts on August 27 and will be played on turning tracks.
But there is every chance Wade could miss some part of a game because of injury or illness, so Handscomb is getting a crash course in subcontinent keeping during the ongoing intra-squad match.
"It's an interesting one. I was doing some (recent) white-ball keeping for Yorkshire in England," Handscomb said after scoring 105 on day one of the tune-up.
"Ultimately I'm happy to do it if it's good for team balance, if it opens up another position for a batter or bowler to come into the side.
"But first and foremost, I've always said that batting is my No.1 and then keeping is definitely second fiddle."
Handscomb is behind the stumps for David Warner's XI in the three-day game that will resume on Tuesday, giving them a chance to learn more about the intricacies of Nathan Lyon and Ashton Agar's bowling.
The 26-year-old, who debuted during last year's day-night Test in Adelaide, and Wade will both benefit from Brad Haddin's recent appointment as fielding coach.
Haddin worked with Handscomb in New Zealand earlier this year but also mentored them last year during an Australia A series.
"He's very capable with the gloves and it's a luxury to have someone like them in a touring party," Haddin said earlier this year.
"He's too much value to Australian cricket as a batsman at the moment (to play as a keeper).
"He's a quality batsman. I don't think there's any long-term plans for them to keep in longer forms of the game."
Howell City Council Approves Policies & Amendments
February 3, 2018
The Howell City Council approved various policy changes at a recent meeting.
Amendments were made to the 2018 personnel policies manual, and Council also approved credit card and payment authorization policies. It was noted during the meeting that some of the changes were made to codify longstanding practices while others were just a matter of putting in writing a policy that has been in effect for a while. Howell City Manager Shea Charles tells WHMI it was basically a lot of housekeeping and some other routine updates to make sure everything is in order.
As for changes to the personnel policies manual, the biggest change was the addition of a policy on work related illnesses and injuries, which outlines a comprehensive procedure to follow when an employee is injured. Other changes to the manual provided clarification on leave time accrual, and standardized language to describe health insurance benefits to avoid annual updates to match current providers and plans.
City employees were given time to review the proposed amendments prior to City Council consideration. (JM)
Blackcap hangs in the net during bird ringing in Vrhnika, Slovenia, August 8, 2017. Picture taken August 8, 2017.
VRHNIKA, Slovenia (Reuters) - Scientists in an area of woodland in Slovenia are studying the migratory patterns of birds with the aid of a couple of big nets - and a lot of small rings.
In Vrhnika, 20 km (12 miles) south of Slovenia's capital Ljubljana, biologist Tomi Trilar catches the birds in a net, carefully removes them, checks their gender, then measures their length and weight, before fitting them with a small metal leg-ring.
Slideshow (6 Images)
The ring is marked with the country and city where it was fitted, as well as a unique series of numbers to allow the specific bird to be identified.
If birds which have already been ringed are caught, their numbers are noted and the data is fed to a Europe-wide network of centres - called EURING. The data gleaned helps to reveal significant insights into the birds' migratory patterns.
This particular ringing site consists of two nets, three metres (almost 10 ft) high and 25-metres wide, which biologists use to catch the migrating birds. It is one of two such facilities in Slovenia.
"I knew that I would be a biologist before primary school," Trilar told Reuters. "My childhood was guided by natural science - by my grandfather and parents who lived with nature as a forester, hunter and mountain guide."
Trilar is joined by two veterinarians and two biologists, who study the birds' parasites, but they are the only one permitted to fit the rings - one of 60 such certified people in the country.
After the birds are released, a strange hypnosis-like phenomenon occurs in some cases - they lie apparently frozen on their backs, until a light touch causes them to rouse themselves and fly off into the yonder.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff
Committee General Zubair Hayat called on Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif here Wednesday and discussed strategic matters.
“It was agreed that Lahore terror attack cannot deter the resolve of nation to eliminate terror from Pakistan,” according to a statement by PM's Office.
The CJCSC said the armed forces were fully committed to cleanse the country from extremists and terrorists with the help of civilian security agencies.
Homage was paid to the fallen heroes of Police in Lahore.
The development programme of armed forces also came under
discussion.
While a majority of Canadians say they don't care about a politician being a visible minority when voting for the country's leader, a new Angus Reid poll suggests about three-in-ten voters also say being a practising Sikh might hurt new NDP leader Jagmeet Singh's chances in an election.
The study looked to gauge how Canadians feel when it comes to voting for the new federal NDP leader based on their religion and visible characteristics as a Sikh man.
Singh won the federal New Democratic Party leadership in September, becoming the first visible minority to lead a major Canadian political party. They won without holding a seat in the House.
On voting for a visibly looking Sikh man
Of about 1,400 people surveyed, seven-in-ten Canadians out of B.C., Alberta and Ontario responded to the poll saying they themselves would consider voting for a national party leader who wears a turban and carries a kirpan.
Respondants out of Quebec showed the greatest hesitancy in voting for a Sikh man, with about half saying they wouldn't vote for such a person, regardless of their policies.
READ MORE: Jagmeet Singh chosen as new leader of federal NDP
READ MORE: MP Nathan Cullen endorses Singh in NDP bid
Broken down by age, almost 40 per cent of those aged 55 and older said they couldn't support such a leadership, as well as 40 per cent of Conservative Party supporters.
The survey also touched on perceptions Canadians as a whole feel towards a Sikh prime minister.
Asked to think about how their close friends and family members would vote, half said either “most” or “some” of the people in their lives wouldn't favour a visible minority leader. When asked about “society as a whole,” respondents said they suspect 80 per cent would not show their support in the voting booth.
On if religion will get in the way for voters
Visible aspects aside, when asked if Singh's religion will hurt the NDP's electoral chances, 54 per cent of respondents said it would.
The pushback was found to be strongest in Quebec, where debates over public officials wearing religious symbols and accommodating religious minorities are part of both recent history and an ongoing political process.
Two-thirds of that province agree with the statement about Singh's religion hurting their party's electoral standing. Atlantic Canada is the only other region where more than 50 per cent agree.
Pleasure anglers have been having some great catches over at Float Fish Farm Fishery of late and the sport has also been very good for those fishing the matches too.
In the latest Wednesday Over 60s match fished on a warm but very blustery day the anglers lined the banks of the Two Island Pool.
Pete Molesworth.
Sean Best took the honours from peg 26 putting a very respectable 112lb 12oz to the scales, catching on the feeder and short pole line.
Runner-up was Danny Carlton. They were on peg 34 in the corner and fished pellet and paste all day for 91lb 5oz and in third place on the opposite bank was Phil Jones on peg three. They caught on sweetcorn putting 85lb 11oz to the scales.
On Saturday it was really tight at the top of the leader board. Mark Cree had just enough to win it with 122lb 12oz from peg 28, all taken on a Method feeder. In second place was Roy Wells with 95lb 15oz, all caught on the feeder from peg 18, then came Alan Forrest with 89lb 4oz.
CASTAWAYS
Kingsland small carp lake was the venue for the Castaways anglers on Sunday which saw Pete Molesworth on peg two out in front with 122lb.
They fished paste over a bed of pellet and took carp to double figures.
Dave Norville came second from peg 12. They caught carp in the corner on meat and sweetcorn fishing a short pole line to finish with 105lb.
Third place went to Justin Haynes on 83lb, followed by Alan Jopling with 80lb.
RAMSEY
On Sunday Ramsey & District Angling Society fished on Horseshoe at Decoy and found the fish more than willing to feed.
Top rod from peg six was Liam Darler. They drew unfancied peg 16 but caught really well from the margins on maggot and pellet putting 212lb to the scales.
Second from peg nine was Andrew Wilding. They caught on the feeder and pellet shallow for 186lb 12oz. Third was Andrew Rayment with 148lb 8oz.
1:10
Florida House Speaker: 'Schools of Hope will hopefully be a beautiful thing'
0:38
'I want my whole damn dollar'
1:31
Diminutive Don Juan Justin Bieber appears to be marching to war against fellow Canadian and current love rival, The Weeknd.
Triggering the feud is the sizzling new romance between The Weeknd and the pride of Stratford's ex gal pal, Selena Gomez.
The Biebs botched diplomacy during an Instagram livestream event with their fans.
When asked to name their favourite song, they snickered: “Ummm … Starboy by The Weeknd”.
And then they giggled for about 12 seconds, TMZ reports.
One of their pals remarked: “Oh s--t, that was funny.”
Bieber added: “Y'all that was too funny.”
The Sorry singer appears to have developed an obsession with The Weeknd - real name Abel Tesfaye - after paparazzi shots emerged in January of the singer smooching with Gomez.
The pint-sized pop star told a TMZ cameraman they would not be digging into the Weeknd's deep cuts.
“Hell no I can't listen to a Weeknd song,” Bieber said. “That s--t's whack (bad).”
Bieber and Gomez dated from 2010 to 2014 until their antics became too much for them
The FAA has issued a warning to those who decorate the outside of their houses with holiday lights, including laser-light displays.
“Each holiday season for the past several years, the FAA has received reports from pilots who said they were distracted or temporarily blinded by residential laser-light displays,” officials said in a prepared release.
The FAA's concerns about lasers — regardless of the source — is that they not be aimed at aircraft in a way that can threaten the safety of a flight by distracting or blinding the pilots, agency officials said.
“People may not realize that systems they set up to spread holiday cheer can also pose a potential hazard to pilots flying overhead,” they add.
“If you're going to install a holiday laser-light system, please make sure the lights are hitting your house and not shining up into the sky,” FAA officials continued. “It may not look like the lights go much farther than your house, but the extremely concentrated beams of laser lights actually reach much further than most people think.”
Officials note that if the FAA becomes aware of a situation where a laser-light display affects pilots, they will start by asking the owner to adjust them or turn them off.
“However, if someone's laser-light display repeatedly affects pilots despite previous warnings, that person could face an FAA civil penalty,” they warn.
The first weekend of December is marked on many pilots' calendars every year in Michigan. That's when Operation Good Cheer takes off.
General aviation pilots join hundreds of other volunteers to ensure that children in foster care have a merry Christmas.
This year, Operation Good Cheer delivered at least three gifts to 6,453 children — that's 19,360 gifts, according to Sherry Brackenwagen, Administrative Director of Children and Family Services of Michigan.
The effort began in 1971 with just 66 children. Over the past 46 years, more than 92,700 kids have had their Christmas wishes come true as a result of Operation Good Cheer and its volunteers.
Groups and individuals purchase and wrap Christmas gifts from a child's “Wish List.” The gifts are picked up at collection sites by volunteer trucking companies, who then drive the gifts to airports, where volunteer pilots deliver them to agencies across the state that deal with foster children.
Some of the agencies have an annual Christmas party, where Santa delivers the gifts to the boys and girls. In more rural parts of the state, caseworkers take the gifts to each foster home, where the foster parents can put them under the tree on Christmas morning for the kids.
Getting those gifts means “everything” to these children, according to Brackenwagen.
“A lot of times these kids have been removed from their homes and they only have the clothes on their backs,” they said. “We get thank you notes from these kids and they just can't believe that there are people in this world who care about them, because they've never experienced a Christmas before or had people who cared about them.”
Even after 17 years of working with Operation Good Cheer, Brackenwagen says the children's responses to the gifts pull on their heart.
“It's amazing to see the generosity of not just the donors but the pilots and the volunteers, and all the people who look forward to the first weekend in December,” they said. “Our event takes place the first weekend in December every year and people just automatically have it on their calendars. They cross out their schedules at work so that they are available for that day.”
While final numbers are still being tallied, this year, 246 pilots volunteered, completing about 260 flights to airports around the state.
“We had a record number of pilots and flights,” they said.
And while records were broken as far as pilot volunteers, the agency could still use more.
“We probably could have used another 50 to 60 pilots,” they said. “As our program continues to grow, we definitely will. We were up 800 children this year over last year and times three gifts, that's almost 2,400 gifts right there.”
There are no minimum flight hour requirements for pilots, just the desire to help. Pilots do have to sign a waiver of liability.
And Operation Good Cheer will take whatever time pilots are willing to give, they said.
“It's all volunteer, so whatever they're willing to give is accepted,” they said. “We have some people who are there for 10-hour days, over the course of two days, and then we have other people who come in and just do a four-hour shift and go on because at this time of year, people's schedules are busy and they have a lot of other things going on.”
Pilots and others who would like to volunteer for next year's Operation Good Cheer can sign up on the agency's website.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau makes a statement on the incident involving pedestrians being struck by a van in Toronto, in the Foyer of the House of Commons on Parliament Hill on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 in Ottawa. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Justin Tang
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
“The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy,” Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
“They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a “national security element” to the situation.
“All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts.”
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to “a very large homicide investigation,” with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, they reiterated that the investigation “what happened and why” has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The @TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today, and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism. We'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) April 24, 2018
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
Toronto police have arrested 25-year-old Alek Minassian in the incident.
Minassian is due to appear in court later today.
MEDIA ADVISORY:
Alek Minassian, 25
-He will appear in court Tuesday, April 24, 2018
-10 am at 1000 Finch Avenue West court
-Information on charges to be released at that time
^dh — Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) April 24, 2018
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
According to the folks at Waze, if you're taking a road trip, you want to avoid the roads from noon to 2 p.m.
Avoid the roads from 12 to 2 today! pic.twitter.com/bwnVfYk1OD — Brittanyabc10 (@BrittanyBegley) July 4, 2018
You'll also want to leave early if you're going to the fireworks tonight.
Are you going to watch the Fireworks tonight? Expect traffic delays. pic.twitter.com/3PPP7q3vcL — Brittanyabc10 (@BrittanyBegley) July 4, 2018
Cal Expo
1600 Exposition Blvd.
Doors open at 4:30 pm
Parking $15
Salute to the Red, White & Blue.
Doors open at 4:30
Parking $10
Annual Fourth of July Family blast
Doors open at 4 pm to 10 pm.
Parking $15
Let's talk about safety, the good news is that traffic accidents are expected to be down 47 percent and rush hour delays by 66 percent and that's because of folks travel out of Sacramento for the holiday. But, before you put the pedal to the medal, you'll see a 28 percent increase in police presence, so make sure you go to the speed limit.
The good and bad news about traffic today! pic.twitter.com/eWoWuvUXon — Brittanyabc10 (@BrittanyBegley) July 4, 2018
© 2018 KXTV
MANILA (Reuters) - Budget airline group AirAsia is looking at buying Boeing 787s to expand the fleet of its long-haul arm AirAsia X, Chief Executive Tony Fernandes said on Friday.
“AirAsia X will need more planes. We are now looking at (Airbus) 330 (and) 350s, (Boeing) 787,” Fernandes told reporters on the sidelines of a business forum in Manila.
The AirAsia group, which has already ordered A330s and A350s, has been exclusively linked to Airbus planes but industry experts say Boeing 787s could fit into its long-haul operations.
Fernandes said the group was also keen on buying more of Airbus A321neo long-range jets after purchasing 100 of them. “We will certainly need more going forward,” they said.
AirAsia, which flies close to 200 airplanes and is the largest operator of Airbus's best-selling A320 jet, has airlines in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines, India and Japan and plans to expand into China and Vietnam.
Fernandes said last month that the group plans to add around 30 jets to its airline affiliates across Asia this year amid strong demand growth.
STANFORD, Calif. — Dorian Pickens thought only of being aggressive and let the chips fall. They were nearly perfect.
Pickens scored 25 points, making five 3-pointers, and Stanford handed Oregon its worst loss of the Dana Altman era, beating the Ducks 96-61 Saturday.
KZ Okpala added 20 points for the Cardinal (13-11, 7-4 Pac-12), who won their second straight and seventh in 10 games. Reid Travis added 17 points.
"We all wanted to come out and be aggressive right from the jump," Pickens said. "One of our themes for this game was to attack at both ends right from the tip-off. We did that and it paid off."
Troy Brown scored 15 points for Oregon (15-8, 5-5), who had a three-game winning streak snapped. Victor Bailey, Jr. added 13 points and Elijah Brown and Paul White scored 10 each.
The game seemed to turn on a blown call. Oregon threw the ball out of bounds but was awarded the ball. Payton Pritchard hit a 3-pointer moment later to bring the Ducks within 19-16.
Daejon Davis hit a 3-pointer on the other end that sparked a 13-0 run and Stanford was in control the rest of way. Davis flirted with a triple-double, scoring nine points, grabbing seven rebounds and dishing out eight assists.
"It was an awesome step forward," Stanford coach Jarod Haase said. "Personally I want to enjoy the heck out of it. I'm hoping it's an important step, a great win against a great coach. We have to take in stride with the intent of growing."
Pickens was 9-of-11 shooting from the floor including 5 of 6 from 3-point range. Okpala hit a layup in the final minute of the first half and the Cardinal took a 50-34 lead into halftime.
"We need them to be aggressive in all ways," Haase said. "Dorian won't brag about themselves but I will happily brag about him."
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
There has been a rise in the number of hate crimes committed against children in Cambridgeshire.
Figures obtained by the NSPCC from police under Freedom of Information laws show that 77 hate crimes against children were recorded in Cambridgeshire last year, up from 68 in 2015/16.
Nationally, Childline's 24/7 service delivered almost 2,700 counselling sessions about race and faith based bullying in the last three years, with the charity now encouraging young people to speak out against discrimination.
Today, Childline is launching its new Understanding Me campaign amid fears children are suffering in silence from physical bullying, verbal abuse, cyberbullying and racist name calling because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent.
Nationally there was a 14 per cent increase in hate crimes against children in one year, with 5,349 hate crimes with a racial, religious or faith- based element in 2016/17.
The campaign, which includes a film ‘Think You Understand Me?', challenges xenophobia and prejudice, empowering young people to speak out about racial bullying and discrimination and seek help should they need it.
Spikes in Childline counselling sessions about racial and faith based bullying have sometimes followed terror attacks, with the number rising by over a third following the Westminster attack in March 2017, compared to the previous month.
Some young people contacting Childline said the abuse and negative stereotyping was so cruel they had self-harmed or the bullying inside and out of school made them feel isolated and withdrawn from society. Others said they no longer wanted to go to school because they were worried about the abuse they would face.
An 11-year-old girl said: “Everyone at school hates me, they call me names like ‘paki' and say that I'm a terrorist. They bully me because of the way that I dress, I don't want to wear my headscarf to school anymore because it makes me stand out, but I could never tell my parents that. I just want to make friends at school and for people to like me, but it's really hard when I feel like an outsider.”
NSPCC CEO Peter Wanless said: “It's heartbreaking to think that some children are targeted by bullies because of their race, culture or nationality. Racist jokes and negative stereotyping can be hurtful and leave young people feeling isolated and ashamed of who they are or where they are from.
“Our Understanding Me campaign aims to reach out to all children who are experiencing racial or faith based bullying and make sure they know that they are not alone. No child should suffer in silence and anyone is targeted must be supported to tell someone and ask for help.”
Dame Esther Rantzen, president of Childline, said: “Bullying of any kind is vile, but targeting someone because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent is simply unacceptable. Children are taking on board prejudices around race and religion in society and trading them as playground insults, with extremely harmful results.
“Young people should be encouraged to be proud of who they are. Racial bullying can be hard to cope with but young people need to know they don't have to carry this burden alone. Childline is here for all young people and talking to someone might help them find a way to deal with the situation.”
Any child worried about bullying can call Childline on 0800 11 11. Any adult who is concerned about a child can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0800 800 5000.
RENTON, Wash. -- Not exactly a quote machine on most days, Russell Wilson had a good one Thursday when revisiting the Seattle Seahawks' last road game against the Los Angeles Rams.
The 2016 Week 2 meeting was a forgettable day for Seattle's offense. The Seahawks punted seven times, crossed midfield only three times and lost a fumble in the final minute to seal a 9-3 loss. It was the fewest points the Seahawks had scored since a 2011 game in which they started Charlie Whitehurst at quarterback.
No defense has given the Seahawks fits quite like the Rams in the last few seasons, and Seattle was even further handicapped in this game. A week earlier, Wilson had suffered a high ankle sprain -- the first of two significant leg injuries they dealt with in 2016 -- when Ndamukong Suh stepped on their foot. Predictably, they couldn't run very well that afternoon in Los Angeles.
Or, as they put it:
“I moved like a bag of bricks," Wilson said Thursday, drawing laughter from the assembled media. "I really couldn't move last time when we played them at the Coliseum. ... The ankle was pretty bad that day. I taped it up like crazy and I was just hobbling around."
That was then. Wilson is moving well again, which might be as big of a factor as anything else when the Seahawks (2-2) and Rams (3-1) meet again Sunday in Los Angeles.
Russell Wilson is a threat to run again, just in time to face the Rams and their dominant defensive line. Joe Nicholson/USA TODAY Sports
Wilson leads the NFL with 127 rushing yards on scramble runs through four games, according to ESPN Stats & Information. They only had 202 scramble yards all last season, when the ankle injury and then a sprained MCL on their other leg zapped their speed. Their 259 total rushing yards last season were less than half of what they averaged in their first four seasons, one of several reasons why Seattle's running game fell off in 2016.
But it's been evident for a while now that Wilson has regained the mobility that has made them arguably the NFL's most elusive quarterback. The latest indication came last week when they dropped back to pass, faced pressure and took off on a 23-yard touchdown run. It's the type of play that made them a star quarterback, but one they couldn't make last season on two bad legs.
"For me, it's always great when you can move," Wilson said. "I think that the game, as fast as these defensive ends and linebackers are and everybody else, you have to be able to move and to be able to make some throws and do some things."
Especially against the Rams.
There might not be a worse matchup at any position group for the Seahawks than their perennially-challenged offensive line against the Rams' loaded defensive front. The Seahawks have gone 5-5 in their last 10 games against the Rams, with their last road victory coming on a Monday night in St. Louis in 2013. One constant in those games has been how the Rams have given Seattle trouble up front.
According to Pro Football Reference, Wilson has been sacked 39 times in 10 career games against the Rams, the most by any opponent. By comparison, the San Francisco 49ers (31 sacks in 11 games) and Arizona Cardinals (29 in 10 games) are well behind that mark.
It's no wonder, given all the talent Los Angeles has along its front seven. All-Pro defensive tackle Aaron Donald might be the game's best defensive player. Robert Quinn, a former defensive end who's now an outside linebacker in Los Angeles' 3-4 scheme, had 40 sacks in a three-year stretch from 2012-14. Defensive tackle Michael Brockers and linebacker Alec Ogletree are also first-round picks.
Donald has four sacks in six career games against the Seahawks. They and Brockers combined to blow up a fourth-down running play against Seattle that sealed a Rams win in the 2015 opener. So Seahawks coach Pete Carroll was speaking from experience when they described Donald as "really, really problematic" and a "nightmare."
"There is just nobody like them quickness-wise," Carroll said. "For a guy that doesn't have a big stature, he's got extraordinary strength and explosion and ability to disengage and get off. They make remarkable plays that other guys can't make. You don't know when it is going to happen, so he's really a challenge to play against."
ESPN Stats & Information
Seattle's offensive line has shown improvement since a disastrous performance in Week 1, to be sure. But it's still allowing pressure on 31.5 percent of its dropbacks, the fourth-highest rate in the NFL, according to ESPN Stats & Information.
And this is still the Rams. While they've been winning games with a suddenly dangerous offense more than a defense that has struggled through the first month of the season, the Rams are generating pressure on 33.3 percent of opponents' dropbacks, second-best in the league.
Seattle's offensive line is going to have its hands full even if left tackle Rees Odhiambo is able to play Sunday with a bruised sternum.
It's a good thing for Wilson and the Seahawks that they have their mobility back. There's a good chance he'll need it.
"Whenever you're playing guys like Aaron Donald and Quinn and all of their linebackers and everybody that they have, like Ogletree and all of those guys, you have to be able to move every once in a while, because they're going to get there and they're going to make some plays," Wilson said. "They have great players. We're looking forward to the challenge and I'm glad I can be on my feet this time."
Jeddah
The Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) welcomed the statement of the US Secretary of State John Kerry in which they outlined their vision for the achievement of peace.
The Secretary General of the OIC. Yousef A. Al-Othaimeen, commended the content of the statement on the positions and principles which underlined the threat posed by the illegal settlement policy which threatens the two-state policy, and the insistent need to end Israeli occupation and establish the independent Palestinian State on the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, with Al-Quds Al-Sharquia as its capital, and the settlement of the refugee issue.
The Secretary General stated that the suggestions are in line with most international legitimacy resolutions and the elements of the Arab Peace Initiative adopted by the Arab Summit in Beirut in 2002 and the Islamic Summit in 2005.
Demetrious Johnson (26-2-1) enters UFC 216 needing a win over Ray Borg (11-2) to break Anderson Silva's record of 10 successful title defenses.
It's something of a technicality. Silva's record should stand at 11.
Travis Lutter (10-6) failed to make weight in what was booked as Silva's first defense at UFC 67. Since the title wasn't at stake, Silva's second-round, submission-by-strikes win doesn't count as a defense.
That's not to discredit Mighty Mouse. It's rarefied air being in the same breath as the Spider. With Johnson a 14-to-1 favorite in their 11th attempted defense, it makes sense to compare the historic runs themselves.
Anderson Silva
Anderson Silva defended their UFC title on 10 different occasions. Jeff Bottari/Getty Images
Goats first.
When MMA was first truly breaking into the mainstream -- at least when it began being palatable for the majority -- Anderson Silva (34-8, 1 NC) was the consensus pound-for-pound king.
In 16 fights from 2006-12, Silva went unbeaten, with a record 14 finishes, 12 of them inside two rounds. It took nine UFC bouts for someone to survive Silva to the scorecards. They won the middleweight title at UFC 77 with a first-round knockout of Rich Franklin (29-7, 1 NC), then went on to defend the belt 10 times -- or 11, depending on your math.
Editor's Picks UFC 216 Cheat Sheet: Johnson vs. Borg Demetrious Johnson faces Ray Borg for the UFC flyweight championship in the co-main event of UFC 216 on Saturday. Who has the advantage? Brett Okamoto breaks it down.
What it's like to face Demetrious Johnson, the current UFC flyweight champion, aims to set the all-time record for most title defenses at UFC 216. Eight of their past opponents spoke with ESPN about the challenge of facing "Mighty Mouse" and where they rank in MMA history.
Johnson's coach: Breaking Silva's record 'greatest accomplishment in mixed martial arts' After several false starts, UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson is finally poised to break Anderson Silva's mark of 10 consecutive title defenses at UFC 216 on Saturday. And their coach, Matt Hume, has no doubts Johnson will accomplish the goal. 2 Related
Interspersed in that run were three jaunts to light heavyweight, never more than four months away from a middleweight defense. Silva went 3-0 at 205 pounds, all first-round knockouts, all against opponents who tested positive for a banned substance.
Most fights in that near seven-year reign were counterstriking demolitions. At the time of their loss to Chris Weidman (14-3), Silva's 67.8 percent significant strike accuracy was a UFC record. Their promotional marks of 18 knockdowns, 16 consecutive wins and 2,457-day title reign still stand comfortably.
The only real blemish came in their defense against Demian Maia (25-7) at UFC 112, considered one of the least entertaining title fights ever. Silva vacillated somewhere between tactical conservatism and boredom. UFC president Dana White was so angered by the action -- or lack thereof -- that they refused to be in the Octagon to place the belt around Silva's waist after the decision was read.
Demetrious Johnson
UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson has not lost in six years. Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
If Silva is a cobra, D.J. is a boa constrictor.
The prey stands no greater a chance -- in fact, bettors got better payouts on average for backing Silva. The means of devouring just varies.
That's no critique on Johnson's speed either; Mighty Mouse might be the quickest fighter ever to tape on UFC gloves. He's a flash in double-leg shots, with polished grappling technique and relentless pace. Their unending grind left the parade of second-best flyweights without answers.
Johnson's vastly underrated submission game saw them tap the challenger in four of their 10 defenses. Their cardio is above reproach -- two of those subs came in the fifth round.
Mighty Mouse has so dominated the flyweight division that its very existence is threatened. Questions on their willingness to challenge for the bantamweight belt often precede any queries about adding to the defense streak -- at least until Silva's record came in range.
The only critique is that there aren't the same highlight-worthy, "wow" moments as there are from other dominant champions like Silva. Aside from their buzzer-beating armbar against Kyoji Horiguchi (20-2) and their one-punch KO of Joey Benavidez (25-4), few moments stand out.
Final verdict
ESPN Stats & Information
The answer is Silva, but the margin is closer than we reflexively answer. It's comparing a completed body of work to one still in progress.
Johnson is chasing a ghost, and recency bias actually works against someone for once. We remember DJ's first-round struggles to Tim Elliott (14-8-1) rather than the four in which they pulled away. Drama incites recall. We remember Silva-Sonnen I, because it seemed the champion was on the brink. Since Johnson's first four flyweight bouts more than four years ago -- in which they were 3-0-1, by the way -- he's hardly been tested.
Johnson is 31. Their otherworldly speed will inevitably fade, but their grappling and jiu-jitsu technique will continue to improve. Take this to its logical end: A 20-fight title defense streak with several more finishes would make their run irrefutably more impressive.
To me the real question isn't whether Borg, or any other worthy opponent, will compromise Mighty Mouse's reign. The debate is whether the division's lifespan will provide enough runaway for a full-bodied verdict.
Thankfully, historical conclusions aren't needed until both points of comparison are history. And the bookmakers -- yet again -- suggest that's unlikely Saturday.
CUZCO, PERU—The old colonial palace high in the Andes and crowded with treasures from Peru's bygone golden age feels more like an emergency room than a workshop for recovering damaged artwork. But sculptures of decapitated Roman Catholic saints, dismembered angels and charred paintings from remote churches across the spine of the Andes all find their way here, where a team of dedicated specialists works to restore them after catastrophic fires and centuries of neglect.
An art restorer works on a 17th century painting in a studio at the Ministry of Culture Restoration Center in Cuzco, Peru. The centre receives calls for help from small churches in remote Andean villages that have existed for centuries, and many of the paintings have endured punishing rain, sun, mould, nibbling moths and even flawed repairs by untrained hands. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press ) This old colonial palace high in the Andes and crowded with treasures from Peru's bygone golden age feels more like an emergency room than a workshop for recovering damaged artwork. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press ) Cuzco's main plaza dominates the city, in Peru. Cuzco was the capital of the ancient Inca Empire, and from the 16th to 18th centuries it became an epicentre for Catholic-themed art under Spanish colonizers. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press ) The workshop struggles to run on a shoestring budget of $700,000 (U.S.) a year, said Nidia Perez, an art historian who heads the workshop. But the team never loses sight of its mission. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press ) The centre's teams of more than 50 conservationists wear surgical masks and gloves. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press ) Sculptures of decapitated Roman Catholic saints, dismembered angels and charred paintings from remote churches across the spine of the Andes all find their way here, where a team of dedicated specialists works to restore them after catastrophic fires and centuries of neglect. ( Martin Mejia / The Associated Press )
“They are like patients suffering terminal cancer who we are bringing back to life,” said Erwin Castilla, head of canvas conservation at the Ministry of Culture's Restoration Center in Cuzco. The facility, which opened in 2003, claims to be the only one of its kind operating in Peru and has already made major contributions to the country's cultural heritage: Between 2015 and 2017 it rescued more than 500 paintings, sculptures, and ceramic pieces. The centre's teams of more than 50 conservationists wear surgical masks and use modern technology — like X-ray and ultraviolet machines — to uncover images that over time have faded away on canvases that average 300 years old.
Article Continued Below
Cuzco was the capital of the ancient Inca Empire, and from the 16th to 18th centuries it became an epicentre for Catholic-themed art under Spanish colonizers. Paintings from the “Cuzco School” reflect a rich blend of European influences with Indigenous imagery and homegrown artistic techniques that later spread throughout South America.
"We are keeping alive the memory of Andean art," they said. "We must fight every day to keep it from disappearing," said Nidia Perez, an art historian who heads the workshop at the Ministry of Culture's Restoration Center in Cuzco. ( Martin Mejia/The Associated PRess )
Read more: Do restorations always improve aging or damaged works of art? In the meticulous workshop, conservationists keep detailed records of each piece, as if they were a patient's medical chart. A board of experts then pores over the records to determine how to bring the works back to life.
The centre receives calls for help from small churches in remote Andean villages that have existed for centuries, and many of the paintings have endured punishing rain, sun, mould, nibbling moths and even flawed repairs by untrained hands. “We have to advance bit by bit,” Castilla said. “Sometimes it takes us years.”
The facility, which opened in 2003, claims to be the only one of its kind operating in Peru and has already made major contributions to the country's cultural heritage: Between 2015 and 2017 it rescued more than 500 paintings, sculptures, and ceramic pieces. ( Martin Mejia/The Associated Press )
Article Continued Below
One restored painting by the Indigenous artist Diego Quispe Tito was scorched in a 2016 fire at a Cuzco church along with more than 30 other works. Authorities estimate losses from that fire at nearly $2 million. The team also restores delicate sculptures depicting Catholic martyrs made from wood and cloth that are often missing heads or arms. The workshop struggles to run on a shoestring budget of $700,000 a year, said Nidia Perez, an art historian who heads the workshop. But the team never loses sight of its mission. “We are keeping alive the memory of Andean art,” they said. “We must fight every day to keep it from disappearing.”
BEIJING, Dec. 11 (Xinhua/APP):China's fiscal revenue and expenditures both registered steady growth in the first 11 months of this year on the back of strong economic growth.
Fiscal revenue rose 8.4 percent year on year to nearly 16.2 trillion yuan (about 2.4 trillion U.S. dollars) in the first 11 months, the Ministry of Finance said Monday in a report.
The growth is mainly helped by rising revenue from tax income, which expanded 11.2 percent to 13.6 trillion yuan.
Revenue from value-added taxes increased 7.5 percent year on year to 5.2 trillion yuan in the January-November period.
During the period, fiscal expenditures rose 7.8 percent to nearly 18 trillion yuan.
Social security and the employment sector spent nearly 2.3 trillion yuan, the most of all sectors, according to the report.
However, in November alone, fiscal revenue and expenditures declined 1.4 percent and 9.1 percent year on year to 1.1 trillion yuan and 1.7 trillion yuan, respectively, driven by a higher comparative base in the same period last year.
China promised a more proactive and effective fiscal policy in 2017, with the fiscal deficit set at 3 percent of GDP, or 2.4 trillion yuan, up 200 billion yuan from 2016.
The country's GDP expanded 6.8 percent year on year in the third quarter, down from the second quarter's 6.9 percent increase but above the government's targeted growth of around 6.5 percent for the year.
NEW DELHI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh has suspended the head of a hospital where at least 60 children died, while the federal health minister on Sunday vowed action against the culprits, as state and hospital officials traded blame over funding matters.
The government in Uttar Pradesh, run by India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), suspended the head of the state-run BRD Medical College, Rajeev Misra, late on Saturday and ordered an investigation into contracts to supply oxygen.
Media have said the deaths of the children, 34 infants among them, were caused in part by an oxygen shortage after a private supplier withdrew its equipment over unpaid hospital dues.
Hospital officials have denied this, saying alternative supplies had been found, and blamed many of the deaths instead on the disease encephalitis and unspecified issues related to delivery of the infants.
On Sunday, J.P. Nadda, health minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet, visited the hospital in the town of Gorakhpur, 800 km (507 miles) east of New Delhi, accompanied by the state's chief minister, Yogi Adityanath.
Nadda promised "strict action" against the culprits in an interview with the news channel NDTV, before their departure from the Indian capital.
The issue of the unpaid bills for oxygen supply has become a flashpoint in relations between the hospital and the state government, after the suspended hospital chief on Saturday accused state officials of ignoring their requests for money.
"I wrote at least three letters," Misra told television reporters on Saturday, adding that they had even flagged the issue in video conference discussions.
Reuters was unable to immediately contact Misra to seek their comments.
The Uttar Pradesh health minister defended the government's role, saying no issue of unpaid bills had been brought to its attention and all requests for funds were paid promptly.
PRESSURE ON BJP
Opposition parties have stepped up the pressure on the state government, demanding the resignations of Adityanath and the state health minister.
"Utter failure of Chief Minister Yogi's government, who have the blood of more than 60 lives on their hands," the opposition Congress party said in a message on social network Twitter.
Uttar Pradesh is India's most politically-prized state, where the BJP's thumping victory has strengthened Modi's claim to a second term in 2019.
Gorakhpur, a down-at-heel town near India's border with Nepal, is Adityanath's political base, which elected them to parliament five times before Modi asked them to lead Uttar Pradesh, after a landslide BJP election victory in March.
But the town's health facilities are seen as deficient, with a study of government data by nonprofit body Brookings India showing the district has a 26 percent shortage of primary health centres.
Encephalitis outbreaks kill hundreds in India every year, especially during the monsoon season.
India spends about one percent of GDP on public health, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable. (Additional reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Rafael Nam and Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings of the Big Bash League on Friday P W L T Ded RR PTS Perth Scorchers 10 8 2 0 0 .154 16 Adelaide Strikers 10 7 3 0 0 .801 14 Melbourne Renegades 10 6 4 0 0 .297 12 Hobart Hurricanes 10 5 5 0 0 -.291 10 Sydney Sixers 10 4 6 0 0 .331 8 Sydney Thunder 10 4 6 0 0 -.039 8 Brisbane Heat 10 4 6 0 0 -.437 8 Melbourne Stars 10 2 8 0 0 -.926 4 Note: Ded-Deductions; RR-Net Run Rate
This photo provided by Lauren Peller shows a small airplane that crashed in Melville, N.Y., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The small vintage airplane that was part of a GEICO stunt team of five other planes crashed in the wooded residential area on Long Island, killing its pilot, Suffolk County police said Wednesday. (Lauren Peller via AP)
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and their daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin of crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
The places the pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
Amesbury is about 10 miles from Salisbury, where Sergei Skripal, 66, and their daughter Yulia, 33, were found unresponsive on a bench on March 4.
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Soviet-developed Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. They were released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
The poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and their father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most women who use tampons have been popping out to buy pretty much exactly the same box of products since they started puberty.
The only choices that greet us when it comes to that time of the month are light, normal or super.
We haven't been blessed with much development or innovation when it comes to sanitary products in recent years, have?
But all that could be about to change.
Introducing the Tampliner.
(Image: Callaly)
The new product, which is produced by Callaly , brings together the tampon and a panty liner in a bid to reduce leaks during the heaviest parts of your period.
It was created by gynaecologist Alex Hooi, who was frustrated by the lack of choice on the market.
They believed that everything on offer was either uncomfortable, inconvenient or prone to leaks.
(Image: Callaly)
So they decided to have a go himself, and came up with something completely new.
To insert the Tampliner you simply push the tampon part through the hole in the mini-liner and into you vagina as you would a normal tampon. The mini-liner then folds out giving you that extra protection.
The company's website states: "Your vagina is the most delicate, absorbent part of your body, which is why we always use the best possible quality materials in our Tampliners.
(Image: Callaly)
(Image: Callaly)
"Unlike most tampons, Tampliners are sterilised and specially designed not to shed fibres inside you. We will never prioritise our profits over your health."
Tampliners can be worn for four to six hours, but should be changed more regularly during a heavy flow.
They are available to buy online, costing £8 for 16.
Callaly invests one per cent of its sales in projects that support people with periods, and the products are 95 per cent biodegradable.
Football Soccer - Barcelona training - Red Bull Arena, Harrison, New Jersey, U.S., July 21, 2017 - Barcelona's head coach Ernesto Valverde speaks at a news conference ahead of the International Champions Cup.
(Reuters) - Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde is confident their side can cope without Neymar against La Liga champions Real Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup.
Paris Saint-Germain raided Barcelona for the Brazilian winger earlier in August, leaving the Catalans with 222 million euros ($262.32 million) but a gaping hole in their strike force.
Barcelona takes on rivals Real on Sunday in the Super Cup first leg with no replacement yet for the Brazilian striker -- although media reports have linked them to Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele and Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho.
"For Neymar's absence I have a lot of players who are ready to play," Valverde told a news conference on Saturday. "You have to look forward, not back."
The former Athletic Bilbao manager, however, doubts whether Gerard Deulofeu is ready to fill the gap following their recent return from injury.
Barcelona brought Deulofeu back from Everton this summer but they missed the club's pre-season tour with a reported muscle strain and has featured in only one friendly.
"I like the understanding between Deulofeu with (Jordi) Alba and (Lionel) Messi, but we only have one reference point, the Gamper (trophy) against Chapecoense. It's very soon," said Valverde.
Instead the coach might look to Paco Alcacer to play on the left, or change formation from 4-3-3 to 4-4-2 to match Real Madrid, and incorporate an extra midfielder, which could be Sergi Roberto, whom Valverde praised.
Replacing Neymar in the long term is a difficult task, though, and defender Gerard Pique told a news conference of their desperate attempt to get them to stay.
Pique tweeted a picture of themselves and Neymar with the caption, "he stays", little over a week before the Brazilian departed.
"I don't feel tricked by Neymar. The day I said 'he stays' I knew that they were going 100 per cent. It was the final shot," said Pique.
"He got angry with me but we worked it out. I did it to use my social networks to help this club to keep a player who has a unique talent. It was difficult but I tried to help my club."
($1 = 0.8463 euros)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An evil couple who neglected their pet dog so badly that the animal ate their own tail have been forced to flee their home after being targeted by vigilantes .
Callous Angela Todd, 33, and Martin Randall, 31, had their windows smashed by vandals after the pair were convicted of animal cruelty charges over the abuse to the Staffordshire bull terrier.
The duo is understood to have bolted from their house in Craigneuk, near Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, reports the Daily Record .
A court was told they failed to provide the necessary treatment for a chronic tail injury suffered by the tragic pooch, which had to be put down.
(Photo: Daily Record)
Todd and Randal were banned from keeping animals for five years and each handed 200 hours' community service .
Furious neighbours turned on them after finding out what had happened to their dog.
Former Craigneuk councillor Christine McGeechan said they were appalled.
(Photo: Daily Record)
They said: “It's disgusting - the poor dog deserved to be looked after.
"Everyone in the area was shocked. I've been told the two of them have moved out because of the hassle they were getting.
“When I read about the case last week, I messaged some of the neighbours who stayed next to them and asked why none of them reported the dog.
“They said they had not seen the dog in months and thought they had given it away.”
The Manhattan District Attorney's Office is hitting back at an explosive New York Magazine report claiming that it failed to prosecute Harvey Weinstein in 2015 for alleged sexual harassment because of the indie mogul's political connections.
“Survivors of sexual violence — and all who stand with them — should know that the account appearing in this week's New York Magazine bears little resemblance to the facts,” said Danny Frost, a spokesperson for the Manhattan D.A.'s Office, in a statement.
The article is written by investigative reporter Kathy Dobie and claims that District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. was gun-shy about going after Weinstein because they had friends in the upper echelons of government, and suggests that their office may have intimidated and worked to discredit Ambra Battilana, an Italian model who claimed Weinstein groped them in a closed-door meeting.
Weinstein admitted to misconduct in a taped conversation with Battilana that was later published by the New Yorker. Despite the recordings, Vance's office ultimately decided not to prosecute Weinstein. The D.A.'s office reopened its investigation after dozens of women stepped forward last fall to accuse Weinstein of sexual abuse and harassment.
Related Time's Up Calls for Investigation Into New York D.A.'s Handling of Harvey Weinstein Allegations Terry Gilliam Says #MeToo Movement Has Transformed Into 'Mob Rule'
Ben Brafman, an attorney for Weinstein, faulted the article for not mentioning that Battilana signed an affidavit stating that the alleged harassment was a “misunderstanding” and stemmed from “bad advice.”
“NY Magazine also failed to mention the fact that their Affidavit was reviewed by them and their own attorneys, including their longtime Italian lawyer before they signed it under oath,” Brafman's statement reads. “Accordingly, any claim by Ambra that they failed to understand their own words is patently false.”
New York Magazine spokesperson Lauren Starke responded to the comments by Brafman and Frost by stating that the publication stands by the piece.
“Nothing in their comments alters the facts of the story as we reported them,” they said in a statement.
Vance's office is under pressure following the story. Time's Up, an activist group launched by Hollywood players such as Shonda Rhimes, Reese Witherspoon, and Natalie Portman, has called on New York Governor Andrew Cuomo to launch an independent investigation into the District Attorney's decision not to take on the 2015 case. Frost was careful to praise Time's Up while suggesting that such a move is unwarranted.
“We have great admiration for Time's Up, and for the courageous women and men who have brought about a long-overdue reckoning with decades of intolerable sexual abuse,” the statement reads. “Our commitment to justice in these cases is unwavering and we welcome the engagement that powerful advocates like Time's Up have brought to this work.”
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
Kabul: Reacting to the BCCI`s decision to host Afghanistan for their first ever Test match against India, Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) Chairman Atif Mashal on Monday called it a historic moment for their country.
"I would like to thank @BCCI for a fruitful meeting in which we agreed that Afghanistan will play its inaugural Test match against India, which will be a historic moment for Afghanistan cricket," Mashal tweeted shortly after BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary announced it.
(Also read: India to host Afghanistan in their first ever Test match)
Earlier in the day, the ACB confirmed that the newly-promoted Test side will play their maiden five-dayer with India.
"@ACBofficials and @BCCI have agreed that Afghanistan will play its first test match against India. The exact date and venue of the historic match will be shared in a joint press conference with @BCCI in due course," read the tweet from ACB.
Announcing the development after the BCCI`s Special General Meeting here on Monday, Choudhary said the dates of the historic Test will be chalked out later.
(Also read: Ireland win Afghanistan series)
"Afghans were scheduled to play their first Test in 2019 versus Australia but considering the historic relationship between India and Afghanistan, we decided to host their first Test," Choudhary told reporters.
They said India will also host 81 matches across all the three formats from 2019 to 2023 according to the new Future Tours Programme (FTP).
Farmers On Mission To Return 'Old Testament Sheep' To Holy Land
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
A Jewish farming couple from Canada says it has shepherded the sheep of the bible back to the Holy Land after centuries in exile.
With donations from Jewish and Christian supporters, and some help from the Israeli government, Jenna and Gil Lewinsky have airlifted 119 furry members of the Jacob Sheep breed from their farm in Abbotsford, British Columbia, to Israel.
Jacob Sheep are found in the U.K. and North America, but the Lewinskys say the breed originally roamed the Middle East and ancient Israel, and their spotted and speckled coats match the description in the Book of Genesis of Jacob's flock.
"You know that Israel is built on Jewish people returning. Now you have a case of an animal from the Old Testament also returning," said Gil Lewinsky from a customs loading dock at Israel's international airport near Tel Aviv.
Several times a week in recent weeks, an Air Canada jet touched down at the airport carrying a group of the Lewinskys' fluffy Jacob Sheep in its cargo.
"Come, Israel, come!" farmer Jenna Lewinsky said to one reticent animal, coaxing them out of their shipping crate. Each animal comes with a Hebrew name.
About two years ago, the Lewinskys wanted help with their spiritual mission to repatriate Jacob Sheep to their biblical homeland, and they contacted Eitan Weiss, then the head of cultural relations at the Israeli embassy in Ottawa.
"I was like, what the hell? Sheep?" Weiss recalled. "I don't know. It sounded very, very odd, I had to say. But when I did the homework and when they sent me some material, I said, I think this is an amazing story."
The Israeli Agriculture Ministry was not as enthused. Canada is not on Israel's list of approved countries for livestock import.
But the Israeli ambassador to Canada got involved, and the Agriculture Ministry granted a one-time exception for the Jacob Sheep.
Curious to learn more about the sheep's pedigree, I visited sheep expert Elisha Gootwine at the Israeli Agriculture Ministry's research organization, the Volcani Center.
"Jacob Sheep are related to Jacob the same as the American Indians are related to India," Gootwine said with a chuckle, standing inside the research center's sheep pen.
The Jacob Sheep are originally British and got their name in the late 19th century because their spots and speckles called to mind Jacob's sheep from the Bible, Gootwine said.
Generally, all sheep can be traced back to the Near East, they said, because sheep were first domesticated in the Fertile Crescent. But the Jacob Sheep breed, according to Gootwine, is not indigenous to ancient Israel.
Zohar Amar, a senior lecturer in the Department of Land of Israel Studies and Archaeology at Bar-Ilan University in Israel, who studies the flora and fauna of ancient Israel, said the Jacob Sheep breed "may have a long history in the U.K.," but, "according to all of the scientific indications we have (historical and zoological sources), it has no connection to the ancient sheep breeds" of ancient Israel.
"Anyway, it's a nice breed and people will be happy to see it," Gootwine said. "It is a good story. For journalists, not for scientists."
"So, it's just, it's a myth," I said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Daniel Estrin/NPR Daniel Estrin/NPR
"Yes. But what is wrong with myth? If you enjoy it, why not?" Gootwine replied.
The Lewinsky farmers say the biblical roots of the Jacob Sheep are not a myth.
While Shepherd Sleeps, Sheep Overrun Spanish City While Shepherd Sleeps, Sheep Overrun Spanish City Listen · 0:28 0:28
They've traced the breed's route from ancient Israel to the Iberian Peninsula to England to North America — and now, to Israel.
The Lewinskys are currently setting up a farm for the sheep near Jerusalem, and they are continuing to solicit donations for support. Five of their sheep died shortly after arriving in Israel.
Meanwhile, the Israeli Foreign Ministry is planning a welcome home ceremony for the animals.
Is Israel their original home? The Israeli Foreign Ministry's Eitan Weiss said they see it as a matter of faith.
1:19 Bradenton's Village of the Arts hoping for the best in 2017 Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
0:22 Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach
What began as a talk for a fight many perceived as impossible between a boxing legend and the biggest star in mixed martial arts is now a reality, it was announced Wednesday.
Pound-for-pound king Floyd Mayweather Jr. made the announcement on Twitter, confirming that the champion in five weight classes will exit a 23-month retirement at age 40 to face McGregor, the UFC superstar, in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
They did not say how many rounds the fight would be scheduled for, what weight the bout would be at or the specific location, though it will be at either the MGM Grand Garden Arena or the T-Mobile Arena.
Minutes earlier, McGregor sent out a simple two-word statement on Twitter, with a picture of Floyd Mayweather Sr. instead Mayweather Jr. Dana White followed Mayweather's announcement with a simple emoji.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
😃 — Dana White (@danawhite) June 14, 2017
The fight will be broadcast on Showtime PPV.
The announcement brings to an end rampant speculation that began two years ago when McGregor threw out the prospect of the fantasy match during a July 2015 appearance on Conan O'Brien's talk show, telling the host, "I would box them if the opportunity arose."
Ireland's McGregor (21-3), a 28-year-old southpaw, is the first UFC fighter to simultaneously hold titles in two different divisions and one of the best MMA fighters in the world, but they will be making their professional boxing debut against Mayweather, one of the greatest boxers in history.
With no major titles on the line and Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) an astronomical favorite, the fight is merely an opportunity for both make huge money.
Mayweather is a -1,000 favorite at the Westgate SuperBook in Las Vegas, with McGregor paying back +650.
McGregor has been outspoken about their desire for a fight that will dwarf their largest UFC payday while Mayweather, who earned some $250 million for their record-shattering victory against Manny Pacquiao in May 2015, stands to earn a second nine-figure windfall.
Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) also has the chance to finish off their career at a perfect 50-0 in a fight that few expects to be competitive but has nonetheless piqued the public's interest because of the boxing-versus-MMA angle, not to mention the big personalities and trash-talk ability of both combatants.
Mayweather has not fought since easily outpointing Andre Berto in September 2015 to retain their welterweight world title and then retiring. But they have been vocal about their desire to exit retirement for only one fight -- the big one against McGregor.
The fight seemed highly implausible because Mayweather was retired and McGregor (21-3) had never boxed. Eventually, Mayweather and McGregor went back and forth with each other in the media and on social media talking about a possible fight, but making a deal was another story.
McGregor fueled speculation when they applied for and was granted a boxing license in California in November and then they applied for one in Nevada last month, although their application has not been completed yet.
But McGregor, whose UFC titles have come at 145 and 155 pounds, is under long term contract to UFC and needed the company to go along with making the bout. UFC president Dana White was initially against it but came around and in April admitted there was too much money at stake not to make the fight. In May, McGregor and UFC came to terms on their end of the deal.
Mayweather also began to talk openly about their interest in the fight, announcing in March that they would come out of retirement for only one fight - McGregor. They hoped it would take place in June, but that was pushing it and in May they told Showtime on one of its boxing telecasts, "Hopefully, we can make the fight happen. He's no pushover."
McGregor caused even more of a stir in March when they were ringside for the boxing pro debut of their pal Michael Conlan and went off in a brief session with the ringside media after the fight, shouting, "I'm going to step in there and shock the whole goddamn world. Trust me on that. Look me in the eyes, 28 years of age, confident as a mother f-----, long, rangy, dangerous with every hand. Trust me, I'm going to stop Floyd and you're all going to eat your words. The whole world is going to eat their words."
With Mayweather adviser Al Haymon quietly negotiating the specifics with UFC - and the Nevada State Athletic Commission saying it would happily regulate the fight despite it being perceived as a huge mismatch by most -- Mayweather Promotions caused a stir when it requested Aug. 26 from the Nevada commission as the date for a boxing event at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, although it did not specify the main event.
Nonetheless, it became clear through various sources that this was the intended date for Mayweather-McGregor and then on Wednesday the commission granted Mayweather's company the date at its regular commission meeting, although Mayweather Promotions has asked for the request to be removed from the agenda only to make a last minute request to keep it on Tuesday night.
Hours after the commission approved the date request for the fight, the fight that many believe will approach the 4.6 million buy record set by Mayweather-Pacquiao was announced.
The Mayweather-McGregor card will be boxing only and Mayweather has said they want two of their company's top fighters to appear on it, Badou Jack (21-1-2, 12 KOs), a former super middleweight world titleholder who vacated their belt in January to move up to light heavyweight, and junior lightweight world titlist Gervonta Davis (18-0, 17 KOs).
ESPN's Brett Okamoto and Ben Fawkes contributed to this report.
I have just uploaded a blockbuster new 30-minute video and special report to our website.
The video is “New Supercycle Profits.” Thousands of subscribers have already viewed it. And the feedback has been wonderful.
The report is Multiply Your Money Up to 16x with Seven Supercycle Windfalls in 2018, and I think it could be the most profitable report you read this year.
The timing couldn't be better. Because nearly all the major market turns we've predicted are now unfolding even as we speak.
You can watch the video now, if you wish. Just click here and it will play on your screen right away. Or read on for …
THE TRANSCRIPT: New Supercycle Profits, Part I.
Martin Weiss: Over the past few months, Sean Brodrick and I have told you that we're in for a roller coaster ride through hell.
That the era in which governments could amass debt with impunity is ending. And that a new era in which humankind pays the price for those debts, is beginning.
It will be an era of gargantuan government debts going bust.
An era when the very essence of what government is all about will come into question.
An era that will see massive government layoffs on both sides of the oceans.
And also threaten the liberties of hundreds of millions of citizens as desperate governments move to tax those citizens, spy on those citizens, and even nationalize their wealth.
It will be an era of currency wars, trade wars, civil uprisings, civil wars and even international wars. It will be an era of more government repression, authoritarianism, fascism, leading to …
Reduced privacy, reduced freedoms, reduced returns on your capital.
No, it is not a pretty picture.
According to our research, this is the first time the world has faced such a period of possible debt defaults in major nations since at least the Great Depression.
There will be similarities, and there will be differences between now and then.
In terms of the similarities, we'll see economies and governments reel. We're already seeing turmoil in the Middle East, Europe, South Asia, East Asia.
And here in the United States, we're already seeing two of our main political parties splitting apart, into warring factions.
We see separatist movements gaining momentum overseas like in Catalonia, where 90% recently voted to secede from Spain.
In Italy, where there are at least three powerful separatist movements — in Venice, in North Italy, in Sicily. Or in Belgium where the Flemish-speaking half of the nation is almost at war with the French-speaking half.
Yet, throughout it all, there are shining lights of hope for those in the know. Beacons of light that will help you grow and protect your money like never before.
Provided you keep an open mind … provided you realize that the world is changing … and provided you use the lessons of history as your guide.
That's what we do. We predicted the troubles overseas would create a tidal wave of fight capital, and they did.
We've predicted that the money would flow to the safest safe haven in the world, the United States, and it did.
We told you this tidal wave of capital would drive the U.S. stock market to all-time highs, and that has happened.
Shocking Forecast: A NEW Bull Market in GOLD! The Edelson Institute's proprietary cycles charts now say the six-year-long years of bear markets and weak rallies is about to end. Gold, silver, oil and other commodities are about to enter a new “blast-off” phase and surge toward all-time highs. Our prediction: If you get in on the ground floor now you stand to make those kinds of profits many times over next year. Our recommendation: Get the facts. Then judge for yourself. Click this link to read our just-released report on this profit opportunity.
We also told you that Europe would be among the first to fall, creating tremendous profit opportunities, and now that forecast is also beginning to unfold.
France posted nearly zero growth in the most recent quarter.
Spain's GDP is down, nearly 10% over the last three years.
Great Britain has confounded the political establishment by voting to leave the European Union.
Standard and Poor's and Fitch have downgraded the U.K. and they're now warning that they're going to downgrade it again.
And meanwhile, Brexit is a disaster both for the U.K. and for the EU. Each is going to lose a major trading partner and hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Unemployment in the European Union is already sky-high: 9.6% in France … 11.3% in Italy … 17.7% in Spain … 22.5% in Greece!
That's more than FIVE times the jobless rate in the United States, and it's dangerous.
But let me tell you what's even more dangerous. It has to do with Germany, the one major economic engine of Europe.
The German Government Coalition has just collapsed. An upstart political party, Alternative für Deutschland, has surged to prominence.
What's next? We've told you all along. We've told you that the crisis ahead is going to be a crisis of government:
Ruthless government taxation. Government repression. And government debt.
That's why the epicenter of the next financial earthquake will be in the market for sovereign debt — the bond market.
And now that crisis is also beginning. All over the world, major sovereign bonds have been falling in value. And all over the world, their decline has barely begun.
Now here's the biggest payoff of all: As we've told you all along, the crisis will continually drive tremendous amounts of FEAR MONEY into key resources, especially in two major sectors.
That's what the Edelson Institute has predicted. It's coming true. And that's what the Edelson Institute continues to predict, right Sean?
Sean Brodrick: Yes, we also predicted that our subscribers would make a huge amount of money with that trend and they had the opportunity to do just that.
Martin: Could you give us the names and numbers for those?
Sean: I will in a sec, but first let me tell you about the two major resource sectors that really benefit the most from this crisis.
The first is metals of all kinds — not just precious metals like gold, silver and palladium, but also industrial metals like copper and metals that most investors know very little about.
I'm talking about energy metals — metals that are needed for lithium-ion batteries.
And the second major resource sector is OIL.
Martin. Tell us about the metals first and then come back to oil later.
Sean: OK. Since January 2016, the price of nickel is up about 35%. Copper? It's up 47%! Those are the industrial metals most people are familiar with.
Martin: Those are just extraordinary price increases right there.
Sean: Yes, great, great gains. But now look at the energy metals! Lithium is up about 137% in that time frame. 137%! At the same time, cobalt is up an astounding 160%!
We wrote about lithium and cobalt before any other analysts. It's what we told our readers about in conference after conference. And as a result, subscribers should have a slew of profits.
Martin: OK, now tell us about those profits.
Sean: OK, our Integra Gold is up 31.8%. Our Sociedad Química y Minera is up 30.7%. And our Katanga Mining is up 142%. Plus 175% on Lithium Americas. I like to let those big winners run.
And most of these positions were held for less than three months. Sometimes less than a few weeks! Now, you should know that we probably won't be re-recommending the same instruments that made us all this money so far.
Martin: That's logical.
Sean: Right. But we WILL be recommending brand-new investments.
Martin: I get that. But when our readers see these kinds of profit numbers, they begin to wonder, you know. “Have I missed the boat?” “Is it too late for me now?”
Sean: Everything that I see in precious metals right now tells me that, after a dip, the next leg is going to be huge.
Martin: After a dip.
Sean: Yes, right. This is exactly why we decided to hold this emergency conference right now. Because this month we're getting the intermediate correction that we warned about, and this gives us an ideal buying opportunity right now.
The key is that our cycle charts predicted this. They said two things: First that precious metals will bottom in late December. Second, these same precious metals will march dramatically higher in January.
Martin: And we have good evidence of that prediction because we were right here in this studio in a Q&A session with our subscribers, and that's exactly what you said.
These are the same cycle charts that have been calling the big tops and bottoms in the resource markets year after year with uncanny accuracy.
Those predictions could have helped you multiply your money many times over. And now, here we are again, in December 2017, and it looks like the markets are moving exactly on queue with what we predicted in that Q&A session just a month ago.
Sean: Yes, they are.
Martin: So share with our readers some of the fundamental forces that are behind these cycles and these forecasts.
Sean: We call it the Commodity Master Wave, and it's driven by two critical forces.
The first is the power of supply and demand. The very fact that commodity prices have been so underpriced and undervalued for so long has caused supplies to dwindle all over the world. That is one force.
The second force is directly related to the supercycle in government debt that converged with all the other cycles just about five weeks ago.
So as this crisis unfolds, what was once considered safe to invest in — government debt — is going to become the riskiest of all. And what was once considered risky is now about to become the choice for savvy investors all over the world: Gold, silver, oil and other natural resources.
Those resources are about to emerge as the single best safe haven for global investors. Not just as hedges against inflation but more importantly as hedges against global crisis.
Martin: Now let me throw a historical perspective on this if I may? It's something that my father taught me from an early age and their father taught him:
Historically, commodities are ideal investments in times of crisis. Because people, societies, nations — they just can't live without them. Food. Water. Energy. Materials to build homes. And most notably, gold and silver.
Consider for example, the last time we entered a major period of economic and political turmoil — the Great Depression.
Now, there are, of course, big differences between then and now. But like today, the political instability was mostly overseas, especially in Europe.
You had devastating, crippling, hyper-inflation in Germany in the early 1920s. The rise of Mussolini, 1922. The fall of the Weimar Republic — the German Weimar Republic — in 1933. And Hitler's rise to power in that same year. Then the Spanish civil war three years later.
And all the while, wave after wave of flight capital was flowing from Europe to America.
Like today, investors ran away from the dangers. And like today, they flocked not only to the United States, but they also flocked to the relative safety of hard assets like commodities.
No, I wasn't there personally in the 1930s, but my father was there. And in the 1930s they helped famous investors like Bernard Baruch, who was an adviser to many presidents, and Joseph Kennedy, the father of JFK. They helped them invest in gold, gold shares and silver.
“There we were,” they said. “Governments failing, winds of war everywhere, debts imploding and banks on the brink or failed, and surprisingly, commodity prices were suddenly going through the roof.”
Base metals prices also soared. Aluminum, for instance. It almost doubled in price in a short two-year period. Ditto for share prices of many commodity producers.
A major silver company by the name of Bunker Hill was trading for just three dollars and change. That was 1932. In 1937, it was selling for $36.25. Most investors missed that move. But a handful of savvy investors grew their wealth by 835%.
Or look at Kennecott Copper! It rose from $4.25 to $69.38. That's a whopping 1,432% gain right in the middle of the Depression.
Or consider International Nickel. Its share price started from a low of $3.50 per share. Five years later it reached a high of $73.38 per share. That gain was 1,887%.
Anaconda Cooper was the biggest example of all. It surged from a low of $3 per share in 1932 to a high of $69.50 in 1937. That was a staggering gain of 2,116%.
Smack dab in the middle of all the same kind of turmoil that we're seeing in the world today.
It's little wonder that so many of our readers right now have been filling our mailbag with questions about commodities and they're asking,
When will I get a chance to buy?
When will the real bull market finally get underway?
When will gold and silver touch bottom? When will they blast off?
Which other resource sectors are about to hit bottom? Exactly when will they explode higher?
Editor's Note: We have just published a new, in-depth, report with all the answers. In it, we give you:
The cycles chart that confirm that the blast-off phase in seven key commodities is about to begin …
The facts on the ground — the supply and demand fundamentals on gold, silver, oil, copper and other Supercycle investments — which validate this conclusion …
Gold investments projected to deliver gains of 774% … 932% … up to 1,154% …
Silver investments projected to deliver gains of 735% … 1,063% … up to 1,493%.
The report, “Multiply Your Money Up to 16x with 7 Supercycle Windfalls in 2018,” could prove to be the most profitable report you read all year.
It's free. There's no obligation, no strings attached — and it could make you very rich. Go here to read it.
Good luck and God bless!
Martin
MALE (Reuters) - As domestic and international pressure mounts, the Maldives has delayed complying with a Supreme Court order for the immediate release and new trials of nine opposition leaders, freeing them to contest presidential elections this year.
The Indian Ocean nation has been mired in political unrest since Mohamed Nasheed, its first democratically elected leader, was ousted in 2012. They have been in exile on medical grounds from a 13-year jail sentence on terrorism charges.
The Supreme Court on Thursday said the trials of Nasheed and eight others, many of whom had challenged President Abdulla Yameen, had violated the constitution and international law. It found that prosecutors and judges were unduly influenced “to conduct politically motivated investigations” against them.
On Friday, Attorney General Mohamed Anil said they had held discussions with Chief Justice Abdulla Saeed over the administration's concerns about releasing individuals whose offences ranged from terrorism to corruption and treason.
“The prosecutor general is currently in the process of examining the cases to determine the best way to proceed with the implementation of the Supreme Court's ruling, and the prosecutor general will present recommendations at the earliest,” the government said in a statement.
The unexpected ruling frees opposition leaders to run against Yameen in the presidential poll expected to be completed by October. The terrorism convictions would normally bar them from competing unless they received presidential pardons after completing a third of their jail terms.
The joint opposition of the Maldives expressed concern over Yameen's refusal to abide by the order.
“We are deeply fearful that the government's refusal to implement the Supreme Court order could escalate to unrest and incite violence across the country,” it said in a statement.
Hundreds of opposition supporters chanted slogans such as “Enforce the Supreme Court ruling,” and “Defend the constitution,” in a Friday night rally outside the opposition MDP campaign center in Male, the capital.
The United Nations, the United States, the European Union and India also urged Yameen's government to follow the ruling.
In a statement, the office of U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said, “The Secretary-General reiterates their belief in finding a solution to the political stalemate in the Maldives through all-party talks, which the United Nations continues to stand ready to facilitate.”
“We understand the situation is extremely tense,” Rupert Colville, a spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights told reporters on Friday.
The agency was “closely watching how the situation develops in the aftermath of Thursday's decisions by the Supreme Court, and in particular, the reactions of the government, military and police,” they added.
The European Union urged the government to hold “inclusive dialogue with the leaders of all political parties that should pave the way for credible, transparent and inclusive elections”.
Nasheed, who has been in exile in Britain, had sought U.N. help to restore the political rights of which they were stripped after a trial denounced as hasty and unfair by the United Nations human rights chief.
Thursday's decision also nullified a ruling in which 12 lawmakers lost their parliamentary seats for defecting last July from Yameen's ruling party, costing them their majority in the 85-member legislature.
Hypnotist Jim Spinnato will perform a show for the benefit of the Jonathan Law Post Prom on April 20, at 7 p.m. in the Jonathan Law auditorium.
Pre-purchased tickets are $10 for adults and $5 for students. Tickets at the door are $15 for adults and $10 for students.
Doors open at 6 p.m. Watch friends and classmates get hypnotized.
For more information or for tickets contact [email protected] or call 203-231-0510.
Lexington P.D. sounds last call for toy collection campaign
LEXINGTON, S.C. (WOLO) – The Lexington Police Department's “Fill the MRAP” campaign, benefitting Toys for Tots, wraps up Monday evening at Walmart on Sunset Boulevard in Lexington.
Officers will be stationed at the store collecting items from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Stop by with new, unwrapped toys that will be gifted to kids in need.
A department spokesperson said Chief Terrence Green will also be participating in shopping sprees this afternoon with businesses that have collected donations or are making donations to Toys for Tots.
Mercedes-Benz has new ideas for the compact-luxury car class, and the 2018 A-Class is the first indication. On Friday, the luxury brand unveiled the new A-Class hatchback with a sleeker design, and an interior fitted with the brand's new MBUX infotainment system.
The A-Class has grown up, and it's safe to say the S-Class took the compact hatch under its wing. The exterior design is far from dramatic, but the handsome shape flows well with more streamlined head and taillights and simple body surfacing. Mercedes-Benz extended the wheelbase to create a longer profile and widened the wheel arches 3 inches to emphasize a more athletic look overall.
The real story is the interior. The 2018 A-Class ushers in MBUX, or Mercedes-Benz User Experience. The new infotainment system features an array of screens that will be available in three versions: two 7.0-inch displays, one 7.0-inch and one 10.25-inch display, or two 10.25-inch displays. The first screen acts mostly as a virtual gauge cluster, while the second display handles other typical infotainment features.
2018 Mercedes-Benz A-Class Enlarge Photo
The draw of MBUX is its artificial intelligence system. Drivers will be able to say things such as "Hey Mercedes, I'm too hot," and the A-Class will bump the climate control down to cool the cabin off. Or, drivers can tell the system they're hungry, and MBUX will pull up restaurant options complete with Yelp reviews. In our first test, the system worked incredibly well in a clear and concise manner.
Aside from the infotainment system, the cabin has also grown with more shoulder, elbow and headroom. The rear hatch also boasts an extra cubic foot of space over the previous A-Class hatch. Mercedes-Benz also highlighted the optional, and more luxurious, touches including features such as climate-controlled massaging seats, a suite of active safety features, and LED performance headlights. LED daytime driving lamps are standard.
Moving under the hood, the A-Class will offer three inline-4 engines overseas: two gasoline-powered and one diesel-powered engine. The A200 and A250 variants will feature either a 1.4-liter or 2.0-liter inline-4 engine, good for 163 horsepower and 224 horsepower. The diesel will remain exclusive to the A180d, which displaces 1.5 liters and provides 116 hp, but 260 pound-feet of torque. Either a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission or 6-speed manual will handle shifting duties.
2018 Mercedes-Benz A-Class Enlarge Photo
Mercedes-Benz will offer all-wheel drive on some models, as well as an active damping suspension.
The United States won't get the A-Class hatchback, but the A-Class sedan will make the journey overseas. The A-Class' new platform will also underpin a slew of other cars: a GLA crossover SUV, CLA sedan, CLA shooting brake, GLB rugged SUV, and EQA electric car.
Sweet Willie Tea (Photo: Sweet Willie Tea)
A weekly feature showcasing local artists
Name: Sweet Willie Tea
Roots brew:This one-man band plays original and classic old-timey roots, blues and Americana tunes. They use a six- and 12-string acoustic guitar, as well as electric guitars, a cigar box guitar, banjo, mandolin and harmonica. They also sing and pumps a bass drum with their feet.
Next up: Hear Willie play 2:30-4 p.m. on the acoustic stage at Ferndale's Brews, BBQ and Bourbon festival on Nine Mile, just east of Woodward. He's one of many acts booked to perform Friday-Sunday on three stages. Naturally, the party also includes food, beer and whiskey. Visit brewsbbqbourbon.com for more info on the event, and sweetwillietea.com for music and more dates.
Melody Baetens
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2spYayu
Shonda Rhimes' decision to leave the fold at ABC Studios for Netflix is a blow to Disney, their TV home for the past 15 years, and a blow to broadcast TV in general.
Rhimes has been one of primetime's the most reliable hitmakers in the dozen years since their first-ever series, “Grey's Anatomy,” became a force for ABC. By multiple accounts, the uber-showrunner is ready to move on to a new chapter of their career – one that gives them and their Shondaland factory far more room to maneuver from a creative perspective.
Broadcast TV is still the biggest platform in the traditional TV universe but it has become increasingly less attractive to creatives, especially those like Rhimes who have nothing left to prove in the network TV arena.
As development for the 2018-19 cranks into high gear, industry insiders are grousing about a general stasis when it comes to dealmaking and a lack of ambition in programming at a time when the array of material on competing outlets has never been more diverse. “So many remakes and reboots – why?” lamented one top agent.
On the flip side, many network executives privately say they feel like they're under siege. Success for them is still defined by broad-based hits – think “This Is Us” – but smaller rivals are forking over significantly more money and perks (longer production schedules, shorter episode orders, flexibility in format and length) to draw high-wattage talent.
Executives point to changes in the traditional network playbook such as ABC granting Viola Davis' wish to do 15 episodes a season of Shondaland's “How to Get Away With Murder” rather than the standard 22. NBC last season similarly recognized showrunner Michael Schur's desire to deliver 13 episodes per season of their offbeat comedy “The Good Place.”
From ABC's perspective, it's hard to watch Rhimes walk out the door – except that she's still doing a lot of day-to-day business with them and will be for the foreseeable future. In the coming season, Rhimes has no less than five series in various stages of production – “Grey's,” “HTGAWM,” the final season of “Scandal,” new midseason legal drama “For the People” and the untitled “Grey's Anatomy” spinoff revolving around firefighters. And there's at least one Shondaland pilot in the hopper for the 2018-19 season.
ABC Studios has expanded its focus to producing shows for non-ABC outlets, including its Marvel series for Netflix and the Showtime comedy “SMILF.” Surely, ABC Studios would have bent over backwards to craft a deal that would have afforded Shondaland plenty of leeway to develop for other outlets. But at the same time, the appeal of a heavy courtship from Netflix is easy to understand. No ratings, more creative control, subject matter that need not be mass appeal — for a showrunner who has worked at a prolific pace for 15 years, what's not to love?
Rhimes' deal is unlike any other talent pact that the streaming giant has made to date. The company will provide generous overhead for Shondaland and its roughly 30 employees. Rhimes themselves will see hefty upfront payments for their work on various shows. Industry sources speculated that the deal would largely be front-loaded with fees because of the fact that Netflix shows live in a walled-garden of the streaming giant's global platform. There are no international licensing deals or off-network sales to factor into profit participation deals.
Given Rhimes' stature, however, industry veterans said there is undoubtedly some formula established for additional profit participation, possibly structured around the number of episodes or seasons produced per show. Reps for Rhimes declined to comment on the financial terms.
Even more than the bottom-line concerns, the optics of Rhimes deciding to change lanes and channel their creative energy into Netflix productions is a hit to broadcast TV's image. The showrunner will keep one foot firmly planted in their legacy shows for the time being — but for the future, Rhimes has voted with my feet.
FILE - In this Thursday May 25, 2006 file photo, Pope Benedict XVI visits the tomb of Polish Cardinal August Hlond in St. John Cathedral, in Warsaw, Poland. Pope Francis' decision to move the World War II-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block after two leading Jewish organizations and even some Polish Catholic publications have called them out for their views seen as anti-Semitic. It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review. Pier Paolo Cito, File AP Photo
WASHINGTON — Kim Kardashian West plans to visit the White House on Wednesday for a meeting with senior adviser Jared Kushner and President Donald Trump to talk prison reform, according to a report from Vanity Fair.
Kardashian has been advocating for the commutation of the sentence of Alice Marie Johnson, who is in prison for a low-level drug offense. “Today is for you,” Kardashian tweeted on Wednesday, which is Johnson's birthday. Kushner has advocated for prison reform and the First Step Act, legislation to help inmates re-enter society. It is currently pending before Congress.
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
A White House spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Kardashian supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but their husband, Kanye West, generated attention in April for a series of tweets in support of Trump. In one, they were wearing one of the Trump campaign's “Make America Great Again” hats.
“You don't have to agree with Trump but the mob can't make me not love him,” West wrote. Trump thanked them for the support.
Kardashian also defended their husband's Twitter remarks, saying that it was “not fair” to label them as “having mental health issues for just being themselves when they have always been expressive.”
Girindra Nath Jha was born and raised in the tiny village of Chanka, a settlement in the state of Bihar in northern India, close to the Nepal border. It's mostly grassy fields and mud huts with thatched roofs. It gets just seven hours of electricity per day and its first paved road arrived only last year. None of the homes have toilets.
And a lot of its 7,000 residents have gray hair.
But not Jha, a 34-year-old who wears a cotton scarf around their neck and a happy smile on their face. They understand why other young people leave: "The village doesn't offer them any kind of employment and they don't want to work in the fields."
In India, being a farmer is considered to be backward unless you are a landowner, which means you control hundreds of acres and employ people to work in your fields. For poor villagers with very little land, the only discernible route to success is fleeing to somewhere else, either for education or for work.
The plan doesn't always pan out, particularly when they don't have the skills to land better paying jobs. "In big cities they end up becoming daily wage laborers," Jha notes. "They work in construction, carrying loads of bricks on their heads."
Jha left their village and family after they graduated from high school. They went 500 miles away to New Delhi, where they got a degree in economics from Delhi University — one of India's premier colleges — and obtained a master's degree in journalism from the YMCA Institute of Career Studies. Their education helped them land a job as an editor for a newspaper in New Delhi, where they worked for several years. But Chanka never left their mind.
So in 2012, Jha quit their job and returned to their village. They have been living there ever since.
They have trouble describing why they yearned to work on their family's farm. "I have a kind of love affair with Chanka," they say. "It soothes my soul. The childhood memories have never left me."
Most young people throughout India dream of having a life like Jha had outside of the village. People in Delhi laughed at them when they shared that they wanted to give up their career and city life so they could go back and work on their farm.
But they were determined. They wanted to set an example and inspire other young men not to leave their homes and villages, and most of all, not to give up on farming.
India's economy is largely agricultural despite the large number of people migrating from villages to cities — according to the 2011 census, 833 million live in rural areas while 377 million live in urban ones. "The old men and women are left to toil in the fields. They need young people," Jha says. Will they return to the city one day? "Not at all," they vow. "It's not going to happen."
Since returning, they have helped their parents work their land. In addition to the wheat, corn and potato growing in their fields, they have planted 1,000 Kadamb trees. They say it's a long-term plan, because in 15 years they will have a big crop of timber, which can be used to make plywood.
In the meantime, Jha hasn't given up on their journalism career. They continue to write for newspapers and magazines from their village. They write about village life for city folks. In one recent article, they addressed the government's push for creating "smart cities" and questioned when it would do the same for "smart farmers." Another favorite topic: their love for writing, or as they call it, "ink and pen."
Their friends from New Delhi and even ones from abroad are curious to see what kind of life Jha has created for themselves in their village. They often visit.
So last year, Jha started what they call the "Chanka Residency" for writers. Participants live in a mud hut with them and their family — it's rustic and peaceful, but there's internet. The first guest was Ian Woolford, an American who teaches Hindi language and courses on South Asian culture at La Trobe University in Melbourne, Australia. During their week-long stay, Woolford says, "We sat outside and drank tea by the fire each morning and evening. We pulled radishes from the field and ate them along with vegetables and roti. And we read each other our writing as we produced it, encouraging each other along."
It's an experience Woolford recommends. "I hope that academics, writers and artists might visit — if only out of curiosity — and then fall in love with Bihar, as I did when I first visited," they say. More than 50 other people have come so far.
Even more important to Jha is changing the image of village life among their neighbors.  They are committed to bringing people back to their roots and in touch with agriculture.
Armed with two degrees from the capital's top institutions, they have been teaching as much as possible. They say most young men in their village have smartphones; they have been showing them how to use the devices to download apps that are designed for farmers and keep on top of farming-related news about tools, fertilizers and more. They also organize daily classes for kids on farming, life in the city and some basic English.
Kalpana Devi, the village head, says, "Girindra Nath's residency brings people in the village from all over the world, which is good for the villagers because they get to learn and write. But I often hear parents saying their children are distracted and don't work as hard in the field when the guests from abroad and big cities come to Chanka. They like to hang out with the guests."
This exposure to the outside world may be just what the next generation needs, says Anand Dwivedi, who grew up in Bihar and works at the University of Pennsylvania as a director of the Hindi language and culture program. "Now is a good time since people are more open to different ideas and occupations, professions of different kinds, careers in creative fields," they say.
Getting this education in Chanka could mean young people have less of an incentive to leave. And maybe, like Jha, they'll help write a new future for their village.
Deepak Singh is the author of How May I Help You? An Immigrant's Journey From MBA to Minimum Wage. Contact them @deepakwriter.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ann Widdecombe is the runner-up of this year's Celebrity Big Brother.
The retired politician has finished in second place, just behind winner Shane Jenek aka Courtney Act .
They have previously said that they were shocked to make it so far in the contest as they know they have "unfashionable views".
Ann, 70, clashed with their housemates on a number of occasions over things like gay marriage and abortion rights.
As they chatted to host Emma Willis, they said: "Do you know how many times I've turned this programme down?"
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
Ann was asked if they enjoyed their time in the house, and they said: "I'll let you know when I've seen the footage."
They said they definitely enjoyed it more than they thought they would, because they didn't think she'd enjoy it at all.
They added that living with 15 other people was "terrible".
Ann said: "I was woken up by awful pop music by Big Brother some days and it was even followed by an obscene performance one day."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: WireImage)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant revealed that their new hairstyle had been inspired by housemate Malika Haqq, who had a make-shift salon in the house.
Emma asked if they were looking forward to going back home to their cats and Ann said: "I don't have cats, that's misinformation."
"Oh, I thought you had cats," Emma said.
And Ann told her: "Well, I did have cats. They've all died."
Ann said that Shane J has NOT given them any food for thought during their discussions in the house.
And they said that the main reason she's so excited about coming second is because it's an "endorsement of free speech", saying they exercised their right to air their unfashionable views.
Ann also slammed Emma's interview style telling her: "If you stick with line of questioning then all you're going to get is no, no, no."
Emma lately said Ann had 'put them in their place'.
Muhammad Arshad
Islamabad
Federal Minister for Commerce, Engr. Khurram Dastgir Khan, Wednesday, said that reimbursement of tax refunds to the exporters was the top priority of the government under the Prime Minister's package for exporters. They further said that Ministry of Commerce was revising the Strategic Trade Policy Framework (STPF) for the current tenure of the policy.
The STPF had been devised and implemented with a delay of one and half year and according to some economic experts, the delayed implementation of the policy was the sole reason for the blockade of sales tax refunds as well as declining in exports of the country.
Therefore, Commerce Minister in a meeting with a delegation of Asian Development Bank (ADB) led by its senior advisor Warner Liepach here said that the government was paying due heed and attention towards both the issues.
Khurram Dastgir Khan said that commerce ministry is focused on reimbursement of tax refunds and payment of funds under PM package to boost exporter's confidence. They informed Mr. Warner Liepach that the commerce ministry is working on revising the Strategic Trade Policy Framework and will also very soon introduce Law on Geographical Indication.
Minister for Commerce said that before the end of this year Ministry of Commerce will launch a campaign for the International Brand Marketing of Pakistan. “Pakistan needs hand holding institutions for Small and Medium Enterprises to help them to become exporters”, added the minister.
Warner Liepach, senior advisor, ADB said that in cooperation with the ministry of commerce a comprehensive report will be prepared which will consist of recommendations regarding governance, policy and coordination among different ministries.
They further said that under the leadership of Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif first phase of reforms in power sector has been successfully completed and now ADB is focusing on other sectors of Pakistan economy.
Both commerce minister and senior advisor ADB agreed to start work on the proposals in July with mutual cooperation.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
The reports say the firm exploited private social media activity to help allow the Trump campaign to better target voters by profiling their behaviour and personalities ahead of the U.S. election.
On Saturday, Trump's campaign denied using the firm's data, saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its information.
In a statement Monday, Cambridge Analytica "strongly denied" the allegations that it had improperly obtained Facebook data. It also denied that the Facebook data was used by the Trump campaign and says it didn't work on the Brexit referendum.
The company insisted Wylie was a contractor, not a founder.
For Facebook, the controversy appears to be taking a toll. On Monday, Facebook shares fell US$12.53 or 6.77 per cent to US$172.56 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Facebook has denied the data collection was a breach because people knowingly provided their information. The company has said University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan accessed the information after they requested it from users who gave their consent when they chose to sign up for their test via their Facebook app.
Facebook has also said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded Kogan's app. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
On Monday, Facebook said it hired a digital forensics firm to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica to determine if the Facebook data the company collected still exists or if it's been destroyed. Cambridge Analytica agreed to give the auditor complete access to its servers and systems, Facebook said.
The social-media giant said it's also asked Wylie and Kogan to submit to an audit as well. It said Kogan has given their verbal agreement to do so and Wylie has declined.
The Facebook data breach exposed by Wylie in recent days has caused a commotion on both sides of the Atlantic and has caught the attention of Canada's privacy watchdog.
"Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns," Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien said in the statement.
"Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps."
Therrien also said their office has offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office. They said their ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Asked Monday about the possible Facebook breach, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said the government will take every step to protect the integrity of the Canadian democratic system.
"When an issue like that emerges, we all need to take it very, very seriously, make sure we get the facts and respond accordingly," Goodale said in Ottawa.
"This is a rapidly moving, rapidly evolving situation because of technology. What we know or think we know today is likely to be radically different six months from now. And we have to be alert to every twist and turn along the way."
On Monday, Wylie told NBC's "Today" in an interview that Cambridge Analytica used data to create profiling algorithms that enabled the company to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people." It enabled the firm to inject information into different forms of online content, so that people saw things that may not have been true, they said.
"This is a company that really took fake news to the next level," Wylie said.
They also said they had left Cambridge Analytica before it joined the Trump campaign. But they added they knew the company met with Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in 2015, before Trump had announced their candidacy.
People visit St. Mary's Cathedral in Sydney, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australia's Catholic bishops and leaders of its religious orders have committed to sign on to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan that will ensure compensation will be paid to people who were sexually abused as children by church figures and puts pressure on other institutions to follow suit. Rick Rycroft AP Photo
Dunstable is getting ready to wake up to panto season as Sleeping Beauty takes to the stage at the Grove Theatre.
Running from Friday December 8 to Tuesday January 2, the festive spectacular will star John Partridge, who is best known for their role as Christian Clarke in EastEnders but has become a West End star in their own right.
John has worked with several rock and pop acts, including U2 and the Pet Shop Boys and they were invited to judge Lloyd Webber's TV show, Over The Rainbow. They appeared in La Cage Aux Folles, A Chorus Line and Chicago, and will be turning on the charm as the Prince, having originally trained in ballet at the Royal Ballet Lower School.
Sally Lindsay, who played Shelley Unwin in Coronation Street, will take no nonsense as the wicked fairy godmother Carabosse. Sally has starred on screen in series including Mount Pleasant, Open All Hours and Scott & Bailey, as well as appearing as a regular panellist on Loose Women.
Bringing wholesome goodness to the stage will be CBeebies presenter Rebecca Keatley as Fairy Moonbeam in Sleeping Beauty. Rebecca is best known for their energetic and bubbly role in CBeebies' Justin's House and Swashbuckle, but more recently CBeebies fans will be watching them on the hit children's TV show Let's Play.
Tickets start at £12.75. Call 01582 60 20 80 to book.
Smitty Smith of FunPlacesToFly.com sent us this photo, taken at the Texas Antique Airplane Association Fly-in, of a plane that's flying the colors and proud to be in the USA.
TORONTO (Reuters) - The man accused of plowing a rental van into pedestrians on a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people in Canada's deadliest mass killing in decades left a “cryptic message” on social media before their attack, police said on Tuesday.
Suspect Alek Minassian, 25, was charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder in the incident, which had the hallmarks of deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters. But Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said there was no reason to suspect any national security connection.
One possible clue to their motive emerged on Tuesday as Facebook confirmed Minassian said in a post before the incident that referenced an “incel rebellion,” referring to a shorthand used in some online message boards for “involuntary celibacy.”
The post also voiced admiration for a man who killed six college students before taking their own life in California in 2014.
“The accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before” the attack, Graham Gibson, a Toronto police detective sergeant, told a news conference. The majority of the victims were women, ranging in age from their mid-20s to early 80s, Gibson said.
They declined to answer a question about whether anger against women motivated the attack, saying, “that's going to be part of our investigation.”
Facebook has since deleted Minassian's account, a representative said.
“There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts,” they said in an email.
Minassian kept their shaved head down during a brief court appearance in Canada's largest city, speaking quietly with a defence lawyer and stating their name in a steady voice when asked to do so.
Trudeau called on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto as flowers and scrawled messages in multiple languages piled up at a makeshift memorial in the city's north end, an ethnically diverse neighbourhood of towering office buildings, shops, restaurants and homes.
“We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business,” Trudeau told reporters outside of parliament in Ottawa.
The prime minister said the incident had not changed the country's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June.
Minassian had briefly served in Canada's armed forces in late 2017 but asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days of training, defence ministry spokesperson Jessica Lamirande said.
The suspect's two-story red-brick home in a suburb north of Toronto was a crime scene Tuesday, taped off and surrounded by police vehicles. Officers went in and out of the house.
Mourners visit a makeshift memorial a day after a van struck multiple people along a major intersection in north Toronto, Ontario, Canada, April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
SOUTH KOREANS AMONG VICTIMS
Details about the dead began to emerge on Tuesday, with a South Korean foreign ministry representative saying that two of that country's citizens were killed and one injured in the attack. The representative spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the news media.
A Jordanian citizen was also killed, said an official at the country's embassy in Ottawa.
The Canadian Broadcasting Corp identified one of the victims as Anne Marie D'Amico, an employee of asset manager Invesco Canada. In a statement, Invesco confirmed that one of its employees had been killed but did not name them
It could be days before all the victims are publicly identified, said Ontario Chief Coroner Dirk Huyer said, adding that the extent of their injuries was making some identities difficult to determine.
“It ranges from scrapes and bruises to terrible injuries that I won't get into discussing here,” Gibson added.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, which recorded 61 murders last year.
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day, when the driver drove their vehicle into the crowds. The street was soon covered in blood, empty shoes and bodies.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Last October, eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path. The Islamic State militant group encourages its supporters to use vehicles for attacks.
HUNTINGTON, N.Y. (AP) — A group of New York commuters got together around “9 o'clock on a Saturday” and sang a rendition of Billy Joel's famous ballad, “Piano Man.”
A video posted on Twitter captured nearly everyone aboard the Long Island Railroad train bound for Huntington singing in unison to the song on May 19.
Professional tennis player Julia Elbaba — who posted the video — says they were on the train talking with a man who mentioned they were in a Billy Joel tribute band.
Elbaba says they sang a few bars with the man and soon, the whole car was singing.
The 23-year-old Oyster Bay resident said in their post on Twitter that they wished LIRR riders could always get along that well.
Abu Dhabi (UAE) — In the start to the 2017 Red Bull Air Race season, the Czech Republic's Martin Sonka clinched their first race win since they joined the World Championship in 2010.
Rising winds that brought the racetrack alive Feb. 11 didn't affect Sonka, whose time of 53.139 blew away their opponents by more than a second.
Spain's Juan Velarde was content with their 54.166, which turned what was already Team Velarde's first-ever appearance in the Final 4 into its first podium finish. Canada's Pete McLeod continued the momentum he'd showed at the end of 2016 in taking third.
After a breakout season in 2015 where they finished in fourth overall, last year was rough for Sonka, starting with a disqualification penalty in Abu Dhabi. Now, they have not only set the standard for 2017 but finds themselves at the top of the World Championship leaderboard for the first time.
Defending titleholder Matthias Dolderer is in fourth overall after incurring a penalty in the Final 4.
“Except for some mistakes during practice, the whole week went well and I couldn't be happier,“ said a beaming Sonka, who took four race podiums in their four previous seasons of racing. “I've finally won my first race, I feel good in my raceplane, and this of course gives me confidence for the future. This was a totally different start compared to last season, and hopefully it will continue this way.”
Results Master Class Abu Dhabi
Martin Šonka (CZE) Juan Velarde (ESP) Pete McLeod (CAN) Matthias Dolderer (GER) Nicolas Ivanoff (FRA) Michael Goulian (USA) Cristian Bolton (CHI) François Le Vot (FRA) Mikaël Brageot (FRA) Matt Hall (AUS) Kirby Chambliss (USA) Petr Kopfstein (CZE) Yoshihide Muroya (JPN) Peter Podlunšek (SLO)
World Championship Standings
Martin Šonka (CZE) 15 pts Juan Velarde (ESP) 12 pts Pete McLeod (CAN) 9 pts Matthias Dolderer (GER) 7 pts Nicolas Ivanoff (FRA) 6 pts Michael Goulian (USA) 5 pts Cristian Bolton (CHI) 4 pts François Le Vot (FRA) 3 pts Mikaël Brageot (FRA) 2 pts Matt Hall (AUS) 1 pt Kirby Chambliss (USA) 0 Petr Kopfstein (CZE) 0 Yoshihide Muroya (JPN) 0 Peter Podlunšek (SLO) 0
Red Bull Air Race 2017 Calendar
On Saturday dictator Kim Jong-un's regime displayed its military muscle in a huge parade, before yesterday's missile test which exploded within seconds. The medium-range missile – fired from a base in the Sinpo area – ended in farce because it 'blew up almost immediately', sources said. dailymail 6:40:00 PM CEST
The serial cheat chucked out of an Australia Day ultra-marathon event for cutting out dozens of kilometres of the course, also has a chequered history at home in Britain and in the US it has emerged — including convictions for operating as a landlord without a licence.
Mark Robson has been told they are not welcome at local charity fun runs, after more dishonest behaviour behind the bib came to light this week.
Mr Robson, 46, was exposed after the ultra-marathon organisers caught them failing to complete large parts of the Australind course, before crossing the line to claim a medal.
They were thrown out of the race in disgrace.
The former advertising sales executive had been banned by Australia's triathlon authorities over similar allegations when they competed in the prestigious Busselton ironman event in 2013.
It has emerged that starting lines are not the only thing Mr Robson has run away from in recent years.
In 2012, Mr Robson was convicted of renting a flat in their native Gateshead, in the north east of England, without a licence.
The flat, in the suburb of Chopwell, was in an area where a landlord licensing scheme operated, meaning it was a criminal offence to operate a privately rented property without a licence.
All the rent, of £5,219 ($9290), was to be repaid.
It was the second such conviction for Mr Robson, who according to local media reports, had not acted after local council officials encouraged them to register for a licence.
Mr Robson has failed to respond to repeated questions about their ban by two major amateur sporting organisations.
There are also questions about their performance in an ultra-endurance race in Florida in 2016.
Authorities there are chasing Mr Robson for defaulted payments on a time-share apartment in the Westgate Vacation Villas complex just outside Orlando.
It emerged yesterday Mr Robson will still be permitted to compete in this year's Rottnest Swim.
But not in the HBF Run for a Reason, whose organisers have told Mr Robson they were not welcome at the event after issues surrounding their run in 2016.
It is understood Mr Robson ran in the half-marathon under another competitor's name, who had only paid an entry fee for the 12km race.
Earlier today, news broke of a fatal crash involving one of Uber's self-driving cars in Tempe, Arizona. In response, Uber halted its self-driving car programs where it currently operates, including in Pittsburgh, Toronto, San Francisco and Phoenix. The U.S. Department of Transportation National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell and others have since released statements about the crash.
In a statement to TechCrunch, the NHTSA said it has sent over its “Special Crash Investigation” team to Temple. This is “consistent with NHTSA's vigilant oversight and authority over the safety of all motor vehicles and equipment, including automated technologies,” a spokesperson for the agency told TechCrunch.
“NHTSA is also in contact with Uber, Volvo, Federal, State and local authorities regarding the incident,” the spokesperson said. “The agency will review the information and proceed as warranted.”
Over in Tempe, Mitchell called the accident “tragic,” saying the city grieves for Elaine Herzberg, the woman who lost their lives.
“The City of Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer in many areas, including transportation options for disabled residents and seniors,” Mayor Mitchell said in a statement. “All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here.”
Here is my statement regarding the tragic event that occurred in Tempe overnight. pic.twitter.com/3ql1WAxKpA — Mayor Mark Mitchell (@AZMayorMitchell) March 19, 2018
Moving forward, the city of Tempe and its police department will look into the accident to try to figure out what happened, Mitchell said. In the meantime, Mitchell said they support the step Uber has taken to temporarily suspend its self-driving tests.
Over in California, where Uber has also suspended its self-driving car tests, the DMV says it “takes the safe operation of our autonomous vehicle permit holders very seriously,” a DMV spokesperson said in a statement to TechCrunch.
“The California DMV has many requirements in place for testing permit holders and requires collision reports and annual disengagement reports,” the spokesperson said. “We are aware of the Uber crash in Arizona, but we have not been briefed on the details of the crash at this time. We plan to follow up with Uber to get more information.”
Assemblymember Jim Frazier (D-Discovery Bay), who is also chairperson of the Assembly Transportation Committee, also chimed in, saying their “heart goes out to the family of the victim.”
They added,
Unlike Arizona, California has taken a safety driven approach when developing autonomous vehicle regulations. Autonomous vehicles have the potential to save thousands of lives a year, but they have to be tested properly to protect the public. My Committee plans on having a hearing in May that will focus on the safety of these vehicles.
Earlier today, the National Safety Transportation Board announced it would conduct its own field investigation. That came after Uber's statement, in which the company expressed its condolences and said the company is working with local authorities in their investigation.
I'll update this story as I learn more.
My wife and I took Ado, our 14-year-old Belgian Shepherd on their last car ride to the veterinarian last week. I cried quietly and unashamedly all the way and during the merciful procedure that ended their lives. I am still secretly crying. I think people bond with their pets, especially dogs, just as deeply as they do with members with their own species. Perhaps because dogs are non-judgmental? And in the case of Ado, who never could do wrong as far as I was concerned, ready to defend me with their life if need be?
James Bartleman after the unveiling of their official portrait, which includes their Belgian Shepherd Ado, who was a fixture at Queen's Park during Bartleman's years as lieutenant-governor. Ado died last week. ( Pawel Dwulit / Staff Photographer )
For 14 years, Ado slept on the floor at the foot of our bed, ignoring the cats who slept on the covers and the grandchildren who often paid surprise visits invading our room shortly after dawn on weekends. They were the self-appointed greeter of visitors who came to our front door in the years I was lieutenant-governor, never overtly hostile, but making clear was they were suspending judgment until either my wife or I delivered our own opinion. Ado liked nothing better than to go on long walks and for swims at nearby lakes, and being a paragon of dogwood, they made their wishes known with discretion. In the last weeks of their life, as their breathing became shorter and heavier, they implored me with their eyes to ignore the desperate state of their health and take them for a swim, or for a walk in the shallows. Returning to the shore, they would forget they were dying and with the doggy version of a smile, roll in the tall damp grass for a minute or two before running out of breath. Like complicit dogs everywhere, they shared their secrets with me through soft woofing sounds and eye signals, and they did an excellent job pretending that they were interested in my never-ending chatter about my early life in Muskoka and adventures as a Canadian diplomat. They even considered it a mark of distinction (and I swear this is not imagination run wild) to share my official duties when I was Ontario's lieutenant-governor. The official viceregal vehicle, replete with viceregal pennant, polished hubcaps, antennas sticking out in all directions and driven by a heavily armed, dark suited, silent James Bond look-alike driver from the elite OPP security detachment, came to fetch me each morning at our home to take me to my offices at Queen's Park. Ado would walk with great dignity down the driveway, sniff the other James Bond look-alike bodyguard holding open the back door, and jump in, thereby indicating to me that it was safe for me to join him.
Article Continued Below
When we arrived at the lieutenant-governor's entrance at Queen's Park, they would forget decorum, bound up the stone steps their tail wagging and give a short sharp bark at the door. The butler, waiting just inside for this signal, would open the door, salute and give Ado a treat. By the time I had reached my office, Ado had done the rounds of all the offices to let everyone know that the Queen's Representative had arrived, and it was time to get down to serious work! They would then spend their day lying under my desk ostensibly guarding me but usually just napping. They were a great hit with the legislative pages. They were kids from across the province who carried messages from MPPs and legislative functionaries. Inevitably they were homesick, at least for the first week on duty. Each incoming group, some 30 or 40 strong, called on me early in their tenure and I was supposed to give them briefings on the role of the viceregal representatives in Ontario. Although they pretended to be interested, they weren't … the information was dry and boring. That is when Ado went to work approaching each page with a silly grin and tail and tongue wagging, shoving their nose into their outstretched hands and inviting them to pet them … and the ice would be broken. Ado was so beloved after more than five years backing me up as lieutenant-governor that when my portrait was painted several years ago, they were included beside me in the 10-foot tall official picture that hangs on the otherwise formal walls of the Music Room in the lieutenant-governor's suite. They have become a hit with crowds of visitors stealing the show from their friend and former master who sits uncomfortably beside him. They may have passed away but generations to come will have the privilege of getting to know him. James Bartleman was the 27th lieutenant-governor of Ontario.
Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster, and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.
Related
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tg Therapeutics Inc:
* TG THERAPEUTICS, INC. ANNOUNCES UPDATED RESULTS FROM THE ONGOING PHASE 2 STUDY OF UBLITUXIMAB (TG-1101) IN PATIENTS WITH MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AT THE THIRD ANNUAL ACTRIMS FORUM 2018
* TG THERAPEUTICS INC - TG-1101 WAS WELL TOLERATED ACROSS ALL PATIENTS INCLUDING THOSE RECEIVING 1 HOUR INFUSIONS AT PHASE 3 DOSE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0:22
Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Chad Kuhl explains what he'd be doing if they aren't a baseball player
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump Pause
0:33 Feld Entertainment executives talk about the future for circus animals
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘Dreamer' protected by Obama's DACA order
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
It's a situation that has flummoxed many a casual matchmaker. You have two single friends — both sweet, smart, eminently dateable people — whom you're determined to bring together. Yet when they come face-to-face over dinner, there's no spark, no lighting-up of the eyes, just amiable, slightly awkward propriety: It turns out these two fine catches have nothing in common but your own affection for them. The cinematic equivalent of this frustrating scenario unfolds in “Hampstead,” a gentle, attractively appointed and phonier-than-thou Britcom in the Richard Curtis mold, in which the individually delightful Brendan Gleeson and Diane Keaton try their damnedest to convince us they're made for each other. Their odd, ensuing shuffle might modestly engage the “gray pound” audience on home turf, though Stateside prospects for this Weinstein Co. release are dimmer: At any rate, residents of the film's eponymous North London locale needn't fear a tourist rush akin to the Notting Hill invasion of 1999.
That these two lovable stars never quite click may come down to miscalculated star chemistry, but it's hard to tell with a thin, too-cute screenplay (by U.S. scribe Robert Festinger, several thousand miles in all senses from their Oscar-nominated work on “In the Bedroom”) that plays to neither actor's wryest nor wonkiest strengths. As a widowed American expat socially and financially adrift in Hampstead's leafy, eye-wateringly posh cobbled lanes, Keaton is in their signature “Annie Hall” duds throughout, which only underlines how much less endearingly idiosyncratic the character wearing them is by comparison. Meanwhile, as the crusty but gold-hearted Irish squatter they take up first as their personal cause, and then as something rather more personal than that, Gleeson plays along with a winning brogue and a bemused twinkle, their most soulful actorly complexities scarcely tapped.
For director Joel Hopkins — at least on better form here than in 2013's rickety heist comedy “The Love Punch” — “Hampstead” is a clear attempt to recapture the Transatlantic sparkle of their 2008 charmer “Last Chance Harvey,” in which Emma Thompson and Dustin Hoffman made low-key lonelyhearts magic in the English capital. Yet that film (written, to far more persuasive effect, by Hopkins himself) etched entire lives' worth of heartache into its brief encounter; here, there's precious little sense of the personal history that has led Emily (Keaton) and Donald (Gleeson) into their respective ruts.
For the last 17 years, we are told, the free-living Donald has been camping out illegally in the verdant thickets of London's vast Hampstead Heath park, building themselves the kind of homely shack that even Beatrix Potter might deem too twee. Festinger's script is inspired by the true-life story of Harry Hallowes, the Heath squatter ultimately granted the deed to their multi-million-pound plot in a headline-making 2007 court case; Hallowes' storied past of hard knocks and homelessness, however, is tidily left out. Emily, on the other hand, is a wholly fictitious creation, equally sketchily imagined: We meet them a year after the death of their philandering husband, finances dwindling as they while away their days as a charity shop volunteer, their social life seemingly limited to unwelcome interventions by their busybody neighbor Fiona (Lesley Manville, valiantly reaching for nuance in a plummy caricature), their half-interested adult son (James Norton) and their timidly lecherous, ukulele-strumming pro bono accountant (Jason Watkins, manfully leading the film's creepiest subplot).
Only in a sudden, loopy graveside rant to their dead life partner do we get a flash of how Emily's life has played to this point; when Fiona admonishes them not to “shrivel up like some imported apricot sitting on the shelf in Waitrose,” one wonders if their married years were really any juicier. Yet a chance sighting of Donald's rustic dwelling across the road from their plush Victorian apartment piques Emily's curiosity; when they catch wind of the authorities' plan to evict them in favour of a luxury townhouse development, they resolve to fight their corner, whether they like it or not. Like it they don't at first, but the Keaton formula of gumption, goofiness and crumpled pin-stripe suits can only be resisted for so long; soon they're making the kind of genteel Sunday-afternoon whoopee that doesn't require either party to remove their calico shirt.
There are whispers here of satirical protest against the spreading, much-decried gentrification of the Big Smoke, but “Hampstead's” concerns are cosier ones — with even its stray moments of darknened mood hurried along by Stephen Warbeck's maddeningly dainty, ever-present score. Gleeson and Keaton, for their part, play this bourgeois rags-to-tweed fairytale with such good humor that one is fleetingly able to overlook the frank bogusness of the mechanics that bring them together; there's pleasure to be had in hanging out with these two wily, weathered actors, even as the flyaway characters they're playing fail to illuminate each other in any way. “Are you judging me?” Emily asks the taciturn Irishman early on in their courtship. “I'm trying to, but you're not giving me much to work with,” they reply — one of the quicker lines in Festinger's script, but also one that essentially gets at this brightly mounted, perkily performed and stubbornly sexless film's key struggle.
ENTERTAINMENT
EXO (S.M. Entertainment)
EXO has gone 4-for-4 with its studio albums, achieving platinum status with all four full-length albums as of Monday.According to monthly album charts on Gaon, EXO has sold 1.086 million copies of “The War,” its fourth studio album. The repackaged version “The War: The Power of Music” has sold an additional 506,485 copies,The combined sales figure of nearly 1.6 million records is more than that of any other EXO record.The K-pop juggernaut splashed onto the music scene once again with the album, which topped iTunes album charts in 42 countries across the world at one point and sat at No. 1 for two straight weeks on the Billboard world albums chart.The record won album of the year at this year's Mnet Asian Music Awards, while the group was named artist of the year at the Melon Music Awards. It marked the fifth straight year EXO had collected the honors.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The New England Patriots returned to work Wednesday for their fourth voluntary organized team activity, and they were greeted by a celebrity guest from a different sport: Kobe Bryant.
Bryant's presence excited several players, some of whom posted pictures of themselves with Bryant on social media. Said one player of Bryant's presence, "Just hanging out and dropping some knowledge."
Bless to learn from a legend #blackmamba🐍 A post shared by Eric Rowe (@eric_rowe25) on May 30, 2018 at 12:26pm PDT
Bryant announced this week that their book "The Mamba Mentality: How I Play" will be released in October. As part of their visit with the Patriots on Wednesday, Bryant was at the team's practice and spent time in the team meeting room.
It is commonplace for the Patriots to welcome visitors from other sports to their practices, as last year they hosted Boston Celtics coach Brad Stevens, Baseball Hall of Famer Tony La Russa and Georgia men's basketball coach Tom Crean, among others.
Editor's Picks The 99 NFL players, coaches and themes that will define 2018 A wild offseason should lead to an eventful season. Here are the biggest names and storylines to watch as the number of days remaining until kickoff enters double digits.
As for Bryant, they have long been admired by Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, who hasn't been present at the team's voluntary workouts this year. In 2012, Brady explained how they first met Bryant when the Los Angeles Lakers played in the 2010 NBA Finals against the Celtics. The Lakers won the series, 4-3, and Bryant was the MVP.
"You always watch other athletes and how they play the game and what makes them successful. You see them play the game the way you think it needs to be played," Brady said at the time. "You look up to them and admire what it takes day in and day out to be a great player."
Brady is expected to be at the Patriots' mandatory minicamp June 5-7, according to owner Robert Kraft.
The Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the 'Big Ben' bell, is seen above the Houses of Parliament, in central London, Britain August 14, 2017.
LONDON (Reuters) - The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug. 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday.
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock, although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year's Eve celebrations.
Slideshow (5 Images)
"This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home, the Elizabeth Tower," said Steve Jaggs, Keeper of the Great Clock.
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames, home to parliament, is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction, and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday.
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower, believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom, is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project.
As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored. The clock's four dials will be cleaned and repaired, their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished.
One working clock face will remain visible at all times, telling the time silently, and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated.
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell's familiar tolls will begin again.
RAWALPINDI, Oct 6 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Qamar Javed Bajwa Friday visited Pakistan Military Academy Kalul, Abbottabad.
They were briefed on various functional aspects of the academy for grooming and professional upbringing of the cadets, said a statement issued here by Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR).
Talking to the faculty, the Army chief appreciated exceptionally high standards of the premier army institution and its efforts for grooming young cadets to take on challenges of future battlefield, lead men from the front and be good citizens of Pakistan with the drive, acumen and outlook to contribute to both their institution and the
country.
Earlier, on arrival the COAS was received by Commandant PMA Maj Gen Abdullah Dogar.
Etleap is a play on words for a common set of data practices: extract, transform and load. The startup is trying to place these activities in a modern context, automating what they can and in general speeding up what has been a tedious and highly technical practice. Today, they announced a $1.5 million seed round.
Investors include First Round Capital, SV Angel, Liquid2, BoxGroup and other unnamed investors. The startup launched five years ago as a Y Combinator company. It spent a good 2.5 years building out the product says CEO and founder Christian Romming. They haven't required additional funding up until now because they have been working with actual customers. Those include Okta, PagerDuty and Mode among others.
Romming started out at ad tech startup VigLink and while there they encounter a problem that was hard to solve. “Our analysts and scientists were frustrated. Integration of the data sources wasn't always a priority and when something broke, they couldn't get it fixed until a developer looked at it.” That lack of control slowed things down and made it hard to keep the data warehouse up-to-date.
They saw an opportunity in solving that problem and started Etleap. While there were (and continue to be) legacy solutions like Informatica, Talend and Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services, they said when they studied these at a deeply technical level, they found they required a great deal of help to implement. They wanted to simplify ETL as much as possible, putting data integration into the hands of much less technical end users, rather than relying on IT and consultants.
One of the problems with traditional ETL is that the data analysts who make use of the data tend to get involved very late after the tools have already been chosen and Romming says their company wants to change that. “They get to consume whatever IT has created for them. You end up with a bread line where analysts are at the mercy of IT to get their jobs done. That's one of the things we are trying to solve. We don't think there should be any engineering at all to set up ETL pipeline,” they said.
[gallery ids="1627465,1627466,1627467"]
Etleap is delivered as managed SaaS or you can run it within your company's AWS accounts. Regardless of the method, it handles all of the managing, monitoring and operations for the customer.
Romming emphasizes that the product is really built for cloud data warehouses. For now, they are concentrating on the AWS ecosystem, but have plans to expand beyond that down the road. “We want help more enterprise companies make better use of their data, while modernizing data warehousing infrastructure and making use of cloud data warehouses,” they explained.
The company is currently having 15 employees, but Romming plans to at least double that in the next 12-18 months, mostly increasing the engineering team to help further build out the product and create more connectors.
The Sally Taylor-trained Risaldar storms home to an emphatic win at Coffs Harbour.
The Sally Taylor-trained Risaldar storms home to an emphatic win at Coffs Harbour. Bruce Thomas/Trackside Photograp
IT'S the story of how a Coffs Harbour trainer managed to pick up one of racing's great cheap investments.
Sally Taylor bought Risaldar for only $1000 at a sale for tried horses.
Much less than Goldolphin's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum paid for the Sepoy colt before the Sheikh was told their new purchase was a 'roarer', a condition which limits the amount of oxygen a horse can inhale.
Unpeturbed, Taylor went to a sale and bought the gelding.
"There were two horses I was interested in buying. When the first came out the the bidding was too high for me so I missed out,” they said.
"When this one came up no-one else bid. Mine was the first and last bid. I should've bid a bit less, I might've got them cheaper.”
Brought home, upon inspection by local vets Taylor was told Godolphin's team was too hasty in making their roarer diagnosis. All that was wrong with the three year-old was an infection of the epiglottis.
Three months in the paddock to recover and now Taylor has received quite the return on their investment after the gelding won last week.
"I actually got my money back when they finished fourth at Gosford,” they said.
Risaldar is running again at Coffs Harbour on Friday in the Country Only Class 2 Showcase Plate over 1400 metres in a showcase meeting where the total prizemoney for each race is $30,000.
The Grafton Cup winning trainer admits it's having horses in their stable like Risaldar that gives them a real buzz.
"I like to buy ones that have a few issues to be honest,” Taylor said.
"I get more satisfaction out of training a winner with a horse that someone else said irreparable.
"Besides I acn't afford to buy $50,000 horses.”
© Rebecca Cook / Reuters
© Rebecca Cook / Reuters
A GoFundMe campaign has raised more than $24,000 for the father who attacked convicted pedophile Larry Nassar in court on Friday.Randall Margraves attempted to get their hands on the disgraced US gymnastics team doctor, who has been sentenced to 175 years in prison, after their daughters gave victim impact statements detailing the abuse they suffered at the hands of Nassar.The visibly upset dad first asked for "five minutes in a locked room with this demon" before rushing at Nassar, only to be tackled by police.As they were led away from the courtroom, they shouted: "I want that son of a bitch... give me one minute with that bastard."In the aftermath of the dramatic scene a GoFundMe campaign was launched to help cover any legal costs Margraves could potentially face.However the Margraves' lawyer said that the family had not authorized the fundraiser and suggested that donors should ask for a refund.Margraves later apologized to the court for their outburst, saying they were devastated by hearing their daughters' statements and they lost control. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters," they said. "I'm here to help them heal."Eaton County Circuit Judge Janice Cunningham dismissed the idea that Margraves would face charges, saying:In total Larry Nassar has been accused of sexual abuse by 265 women.
ASTORE Oct 6 (APP): Chief Minister Gilgit Baltistan, Hafiz Hafeezur Rehman has directed the Deputy Commissioners to ensure merit and transparency in all projects of departments including Department of Communication and Works (C&W) besides swiftly addressing people's problems.
They said 100pc merit and transparency should be ensured in all development projects and ADP schemes so that confidence of masses on public sectors departments should be further strengthened besides enhancing durability and timely completion of the projects for people's benefits.
They expressed the views during a briefing about different projects of Departments of Education, Health and C&W that was attended by senior officials, DCs and officers of line departments.
The Chief Minister said computerized system should be introduced for updating status of all development projects and ADP schemes of C&W Department to ensure its quick monitoring and its timely completion.
They also directed DCs to hold meeting of district development boards on regular basis and ensure participation of public representatives in it.
The Chief Minister said works on different roads projects in different districts including Astore Valley Road has been started and directed modern scientific techniques should be adopted in construction and expansion of these projects besides expending pace of work to make it lifelong and durable.
The Chief Minister also directed issuance of tender of key projects of Department of Health, adding unnecessary delay in completion of papers work would not be accepted.
The Chief Minister took serious notice of unnecessary delay in work on Chilas Hospital and directed the concerned officials to that unnecessary delay would not be tolerated.
They directed summary of Chilas Hospital should be tabled before the concerned forum for approval by October 20 so that practical work on 200 bed hospital could be started on time.
They also directed completion of Chilas Water Supply Scheme and starting of re-carpeting and melting of roads in Diamir district. They said they would soon visit DIamir, Astore, Ghazar, Hunza and Nagar districts.
The Chief Minister directed the officers to take all necessary measures for capacity building of staff, use of IT and latest scientific techniques to ensure timely completion of development projects in the province.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Yoshimura Food Holdings KK
* Says it plans to buy a Nagano Ken-based firm, which is mainly engaged in manufacture and sales of freeze-dried products, for 200 million yen in total
* Transaction date on March 1
* Says it will acquire 162,000 shares of the Nagano Ken-based firm through a private placement, for 405 million yen
* Payment date on March 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/eQfNam
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A councillor arrested after they walked into their local police station to report a crime has queried the police's version of events as the community and fellow councillors expressed their support for him.
Cllr Afzal Shah said they were angered that a police statement issued to Bristol Live said officers had ‘acted in good faith'.
And they also questioned the police's assertion that it was a member of the public – and not a police officer – who initially identified them as a suspect in a crime for which they were then arrested.
Support for Cllr Shah came in from across Bristol and the wider area today, Tuesday, following Bristol Live's revelation that they were arrested and held in a police car outside their local police station for 45 minutes following a case of mistaken identity, after they walked into the station to report a serious crime on behalf of someone else.
A statement from Supt Andy Bennett said officers had acted in ‘good faith' when the arrested Cllr Shah at Trinity Road police station because someone else saw them and said they were involved in the offence they were reporting.
Supt Bennett said: “Officers acted in good faith … after another man who was in the station reporting an offence visually identified them as one of the people involved.
“This identification was later found to be incorrect and Cllr Shah was released without having been taken to a custody unit.
“We are extremely grateful for Cllr Shah's contribution to community policing both as a councillor and as a member of the Police and Crime Panel. We have apologised to them for the distress and embarrassment this incident has clearly caused them and welcome this opportunity to clarify this publicly,” they added.
(Image: SWNS)
Cllr Shah was left baffled by this statement – and said they had not seen anyone else in the police station foyer at the time. “I do not know of anybody else being there, certainly nobody I know of or in relation to myself. Nor did I make contact with any member of the public,” they said.
“If they were so concerned, sincerely, why not ask me? I wasn't offered a voluntary interview, just told that I was being arrested,” they added.
Cllr Shah said it was the statement by police claiming that they ‘acted in good faith' that had made them ‘question everything even more'.
Cllr Shah said earlier that they were still waiting for answers on why they were arrested and not just asked about the claim that they were somehow involved in a crime.
“I'm angered that the police feel the officers ‘acted in good faith'. That's a ridiculous assertion, it robs the apology of any value,” they added.
As well as being a local city councillor for Easton, close to Trinity Road police station, Cllr Shah sits on the Avon & Somerset police commissioner Sue Mountstevens' Police and Crime Panel, which is made up of local councillors from the force area.
The panel's chair, Nigel Ashton, who is the leader of North Somerset council, expressed their support for Cllr Shah. “Cllr Afzal Shah is a respected and value member of the Police and Crime Panel,” they said.
Bristol Live has asked Avon and Somerset police for a response to Cllr Shah's queries and to ask for more information about the circumstances of what happened in the foyer of the police station.
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset police said their statement in response to the initial story still stands.
Barbeque Nation Hospitality Ltd has filed IPO papers with Sebi to raise about Rs700 crore.
Mumbai: Bengaluru-based Barbeque Nation Hospitality Ltd on Monday said it has filed draft documents for an initial public offering (IPO) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to raise about Rs700 crore.
The IPO of company, which operates Barbeque Nation restaurants, comprises of a fresh issue of up to Rs200 crore besides an offer for sale of up to 61.79 lakh equity shares by company's promoters, including Aajv Investment Trust, Tamara, Azhar Dhanani, Kayum Dhanani, Sanya Dhanani and Sadiya Dhanani, according to a release issued by the company.
The funds raised from the IPO will be utilized towards expansion of Barbeque Nation restaurants in the country, repayment of loans of the company and its subsidiaries. “The offer includes a reservation of up to 1.5 lakh equity shares, for subscription by eligible employees”, it added.
IIFL Holdings, Edelweiss Financial Services, Jefferies India and SBI Capital Markets are the book running lead managers to the issue and Link Intime India is the Registrar.
Trump Administration Extends Deadline For Insurers To Decide On Obamacare Markets
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aude Guerrucci/Bloomberg/Getty Images Aude Guerrucci/Bloomberg/Getty Images
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people on the ACA exchanges in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, they say, their company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
HUNDREDS of college lecturers will walk out of classes next month as a dispute escalates over “deeply damaging” plans to cut jobs and courses at a Yorkshire college.
University and College Union (UCU) members at the Hull College Group, which includes around 400 lecturers, will go on strike at sites in the city, Harrogate and Goole, on May 9, 17 and 18.
It is set to be followed by further walk-outs as Unison, which represents mainly support and administrative staff, said a separate ballot for industrial action would open this Thursday.
It comes after protests in Hull and Harrogate over the last fortnight at plans to cut 231 full-time equivalent posts - around a third of staff - across the Group's three campuses.
UCU said staff - 79 per cent of whom backed strike action in the vote - felt there was “no alternative.”
Regional official Julie Kelley said they wanted the college to halt the cuts and provide a “transparent” review of the decisions behind them.
They said students in Higher Education, who are paying £7,500 in fees and are now faced with 50 per cent cuts in core hours, are voting with their feet.
“In the BA Honours Degree Course in Dance we understand there is only one student returning to do their final year,” they said.
Ms Kelley said they had heard some schools were advising year 11 students that it may be “too risky” to go to Hull College, adding: “That is bad news for Hull College and not good for the longevity of anything.
“This narrative that we haven't any other way out other than making 231 FTE staff redundant has been so damaging.
“It has been completely counter-productive to the reputation of the college.
“The irony is that staff has been threatened with disciplinary action for bringing the college into disrepute by attending protests, but the governors are not prepared to take similar action when the principal has been much more explicit in their comments to the Press.”
Unison area organiser Paul Swarbrick said staff felt “very let down” and there were examples of job roles which are being cut from four people to one.
“The expectation is that the service will continue and members have said that is impossible, never mind the stress it will cause.
“We have asked again for them to take a second look and basically they are telling us they can't, they have agreed this bail-out and this is how they are going to get to this place.”
news of industrial action broke as governors announced their “absolute confidence” in embattled chief executive Michelle Swithenbank and senior managers to deliver plans for a “strong, viable, effective College for the future.”
It came four days after members of the UCU union backed a motion calling for the CEO's immediate resignation.
The Corporation of Hull College Group said they recognised the unprecedented scale of the changes, and wanted to “assure all people affected, that no decision has been taken lightly and we are committed to working with Michelle and the Leadership Team to secure the future of Hull College.”
The Government has given Hull College Group a sum, thought to be £54 million, to allow for to restructure, invest into infrastructure and IT and “strengthen the offer for learners.”
A statement said Ms Swithenbank “had been tasked with delivering an agreed five -year Fresh Start plan created with staff and student input approved by the Corporation and required by our funding bodies.”
Hull College Group has been asked to comment on today's news of strike action.
Previously it said industrial action would not resolve the group's issues and urged unions to avoid the disruption walk-outs will cause for students.
Reply threads on Facebook are about to get a lot more animated. To mark the 30th anniversary of the GIF format, all users will get the new GIF comment button that Facebook began testing three months ago. Facebook also announced that almost 13 billion GIFs were sent on Messenger over the past year, with 400 million GIFs sent just on New Year's Day 2017.
The GIF button lets people search and post GIFs from different services, like Giphy and Tenor, directly in the comments box (on desktop browsers, the GIF button also displays trending GIFs, just like in Facebook Messenger).
Facebook added GIF support two years ago, but until now users had to enter the URL of a GIF hosted somewhere else. The GIF button makes the process a lot easier, especially on mobile. It's currently only available for comments, but Facebook may eventually also make it available for News Feed posts because user demand for GIFs shows no signs of abating.
Facebook reportedly had support for GIFs ready for years before it was finally added, but was hesitant to deploy it because of the visual impact it would have on the News Feed. Despite the company's initial reluctance, however, users kept finding workarounds to post GIFs. The lack of GIF support also gave other services like Imgur an advantage. Now Facebook has started embracing News Feeds with “richer” (some would say busier) media and in addition to GIFs, that includes auto-play videos and colored statuses.
For fun and to mark the anniversary of when GIFs were first introduced by CompuServe in 1987, Facebook is also running a poll asking users how GIF is pronounced, a debate that continues to rage on even though the creator of GIF, Steve Wilhite, has already declared their allegiance to the soft G.
I have gone through the vSAN 6.2 Design and Sizing Guide, the vSAN 6.2 Network Design Guide and the vSAN 6.2 Stretched Cluster & 2 Node Guide (230+ pages) and aggregated all of the design decisions, design considerations and best practices into one page of bullet points that is easy to consume. If you read any other articles on my blog, you will realise that I am very fond of condensed lists and summarized bullet points. Here is a comprehensive list of resources for all things vSAN.
If you are interested in Nutanix HCI design, I also have my design decision summary for ESXi and AHV.
This is an aggregated and summarised list, if you want the context and explanation for each point, then you should refer to the white papers above and search for the text “Design Decision”, “Design Consideration”, “Best Practice” or “VMware Recommends”.
Design Decisions and Design Considerations
4 or more nodes provide more availability options than 3 node configurations. Ensure there is enough storage capacity to meet the availability requirements and to allow for a rebuild of the components after a failure. Consider designing clusters with a minimum of 4 nodes where possible.
If the design goal is to deploy a certain number of virtual machines, ensure that there are enough ESXi hosts in the cluster to support the design.
Ensure there are enough physical devices in the capacity layer to accommodate a desired stripe width requirement.
Ensure there are enough hosts (and fault domains) in the cluster to accommodate a desired NumberOfFailuresToTolerate requirement.
requirement. Consider if the introduction of jumbo frames in a vSAN environment is worth the operation risks when the gains are negligible for the most part.
A single large disk group configuration or multiple smaller disk group configurations.
Consider if a workload requires PCIe performance or if the performance from SSD is sufficient. Consider if a design should have one large disk group with one large flash device, or multiple disk groups with multiple smaller flash devices. The latter design reduces the failure domain, and may also improve performance, but may be more expensive.
For all flash configurations, a cache to capacity ratio of 10% is still recommended. Ensure that flash endurance is included as a consideration when choosing devices for the cache layer. Endurance figures are included on the VCG.
Design for growth. Consider purchasing large enough flash devices that allow the capacity layer to be scaled simply over time.
Design with additional flash cache to allow easier scale up of the capacity layer. Alternatively scaling up cache and capacity at the same time through the addition of new disks groups is also an easier approach than trying to simply update the existing flash cache device in an existing disk group.
The number of magnetic disks matter in hybrid configurations, so choose them wisely. Having more, smaller magnetic disks will often give better performance than fewer, larger ones in hybrid configurations.
Choose a standard disk model/type across all nodes in the cluster. Do not mix drive models/types.
Always include the NumberOfFailuresToTolerate setting when designing vSAN capacity.
setting when designing vSAN capacity. If the requirement is to rebuild components after a failure, the design should be sized so that there is a free host worth of capacity to tolerate each failure. To rebuild components after one failure or during maintenance, there needs to be one full host worth of capacity free. To rebuild components after a second failure, there needs to be two full host worth of capacity free.
Include formatting overhead in capacity calculations.
There are other considerations to take into account apart from NumberOfFailuresToTolerate and formatting overhead.
and formatting overhead. As a rule of thumb, VMware recommends leaving approximately 30% free space available in the cluster capacity.
If virtual machine snapshots are used heavily in a hybrid design, consider increasing the cache-to-capacity ratio from 10% to 15%.
Multiple storage I/O controllers per host can reduce the failure domain, but can also improve performance.
Choose storage I/O controllers that have as large a queue depth as possible. While 256 are the minimum, the recommendation would be to choose a controller with a much larger queue depth where possible.
Storage I/O controllers that offer RAID-0 mode typically take longer to install and replace than pass-thru drives from an operations perspective.
When choosing a storage I/O controller, verify that it is on the VCG, ensure cache is disabled, and ensure any third party acceleration features are disabled. If the controller offers both RAID-0 and pass-through support, consider using pass-through as this makes maintenance tasks such as disk replacement much easier.
Multiple disk groups typically mean better performance and smaller fault domains, but may sometimes come at a cost and consume additional disk slots.
VMware recommends that approximately 30% of free capacity should be kept to avoid unnecessary rebuilding/rebalancing activity. To have components rebuilt in the event of a failure, a design should also include at least one free host worth of capacity. If a design needs to rebuild components after multiple failures, then additional free hosts worth of capacity needs to be included.
Realistically, the metadata overhead incurred by creating components on vSAN is negligible and doesn't need to be included in the overall capacity.
Realistically, the overhead incurred by creating witnesses on vSAN is negligible and doesn't need to be included in the overall capacity.
The virtual machine memory snapshot size needs to be considered when sizing the vSAN datastore, if there is a desire to use virtual machine snapshots and capture the virtual machine's memory in the snapshot.
Use FlashReadCacheReservation with caution. A misconfiguration or miscalculation can very easily over-allocate read cache to some virtual machines while starving others.
with caution. A misconfiguration or miscalculation can very easily over-allocate read cache to some virtual machines while starving others. While the creation of replicas is taken into account when the capacity of the vSAN datastore is calculated, thin provisioning over-commitment is something that should be considered in the sizing calculations when provisioning virtual machines on a vSAN.
When designing very large vSAN clusters, consider using fault domains as a way on avoiding single rack failures impacting all replicas belonging to a virtual machine. Also consider the additional resource and capacity requirements needed to rebuild components in the event of a failure.
Best Practices
Design for growth
Ensure there is enough cache to meet the design requirements. The recommendation for cache is 10% of of the anticipated consumed storage capacity before the NumberOfFailuresToTolerate is considered.
is considered. Enable vSphere HA on the vSAN cluster for the highest level of availability.
Check the VCG and ensure that the flash devices are (a) supported and (b) provide the endurance characteristics that are required for the vSAN design.
Allow 30% slack space when designing capacity.
Try to maintain at least 30% free capacity across the cluster to accommodate the remediation of components when a failure occurs or a maintenance task is required. This best practice will also avoid any unnecessary rebalancing activity.
Check if any virtual machines are non-compliant due to a lack of resources before adding new resources. This will explain why new resources are being consumed immediately by vSAN. Also check if there are non-compliant VMs due to force provisioning before doing a full data migration.
In vSAN 5.5, always deploy virtual machines with a policy. Do not use the default policy if at all possible. This is not a concern for vSAN 6.0+, where the default policy has settings for all capabilities.
Use uniformly configured hosts for vSAN deployments. While compute only hosts can exist in vSAN environment, and consume storage from other hosts in the cluster, VMware does not recommend having unbalanced cluster configurations.
Enable HA with vSAN for the highest possible level of availability. However, any design will need to include additional capacity for rebuilding components
Consider using layer 2 multicasts for simplicity of configuration and operations
Minimizing oversubscription to reduce opportunities for congestion during host rebuilds or high throughput operations.
Deploying all hosts within a fault domain to a low latency wire speed switch or switch stack. When multiple switches are used, pay attention to throughput of the links between switches. Deployments with limited or heavily oversubscribed throughput should be carefully considered.
Disabling flow control for vSAN traffic
Deploying VDS for use with VMware vSAN.
Use Load Based Teaming or for load balancing, and appropriate spanning tree port configurations are taken into account.
Isolating each vSAN cluster's traffic to its own VLAN when using multiple clusters.
Using the existing MTU/Frame size you would otherwise be using in your environment.
Enable LLDP or CDP in both send and receive mode.
Redundant uplinks for vSAN and all other traffic.
Stretched vSAN Cluster & 2 Node vSAN Cluster
Upgrading the on-disk format to v2 for improved performance and scalability, as well as stretched cluster support. In vSAN 6.2 clusters, the v3 on-disk format allows for additional features specific to 6.2.
vSAN communication between the data sites be overstretched L2. vSAN communication between the data sites and the witness site is routed over L3.
For most workloads, VMware recommends a minimum of 10Gbps or greater bandwidth between sites. In use cases such as 2 Node configurations for Remote Office/Branch Office deployments, dedicated 1Gbps bandwidth can be sufficient with less than 10 Virtual Machines.
The latency to the witness is dependent on the number of objects in the cluster. VMware recommends that on vSAN Stretched Cluster configurations up to 10+10+1, a latency of less than or equal to 200 milliseconds is acceptable, although if possible, a latency of less than or equal to 100 milliseconds is preferred. For configurations that are greater than 10+10+1, VMware recommends a latency of less than or equal to 100 milliseconds is required.
VMware recommends that customers should run their hosts at 50% of maximum number of virtual machines supported in a standard vSAN cluster to accommodate a full site failure. In the event of full site failures, the virtual machines on the failed site can be restarted on the hosts in the surviving site.
If using a physical ESXi host, a single physical disk can support a maximum of 21,000 components. Each witness component in a vSAN stretch cluster requires 16MB storage. To support 21,000 components on a magnetic disk, VMware recommends a disk of approximately 350GB in size. To accommodate the full 45,000 components on the witness host, VMware recommends 3 magnetic disks of approximately 350GB are needed, keeping the limit of 21,000 components per disk in mind.
VMware recommends the flash device capacity (e.g. SSD) on the witness host should be approximately 10GB in size for the maximum number of 45,000 components is required. In the witness appliance, one of the VMDKs is tagged as a flash device. There is no requirement for an actual flash device.
For full availability, VMware recommends that customers should be running at 50% of resource consumption across the vSAN Stretched Cluster. In the event of a complete site failure, all of the virtual machines could be run on the surviving site (aka fault domain)
VMware recommends the following network types for a vSAN Stretched Cluster: Management network: L2 stretched or L3 (routed) between all sites. Either option should work fine. The choice is left up to the customer. VM network: VMware recommends L2 stretched between data sites. In the event of a failure, the VMs will not require a new IP to work on the remote site vMotion network: L2 stretched or L3 (routed) between data sites should work fine. The choice is left up to the customer. vSAN network: VMware recommends L2 stretched between the two data sites and L3 (routed) network between the data sites and the witness site. L3 support for the vSAN network was introduced in vSAN 6.0.
To avoid the situation previously outlined, and to ensure that data traffic is not routed through the witness site, VMware recommends the following network topology: Between Site 1 and Site 2, implement either a stretched L2 (same subnet) or a L3 (routed) configuration. Between Site 1 and Witness Site 3, implement a L3 (routed) configuration. Between Site 2 and Witness Site 3, implement a L3 (routed) configuration. In the event of a failure on either of the data sites network, this configuration will prevent any traffic from Site 1 being routed to Site 2 via Witness Site 3, and thus avoid any performance degradation.
The data multiplier is comprised of overhead for vSAN metadata traffic and miscellaneous related operations. VMware recommends a data multiplier of 1.4.
While it might be possible to use 1Gbps connectivity for very small vSAN Stretched Cluster implementations, the majority of implementations will require 10Gbps connectivity between sites. Therefore, VMware recommends a minimum of 10Gbps network connectivity between sites for optimal performance and for possible future expansion of the cluster.
When vSphere HA is configured on a vSAN Stretched Cluster, VMware recommends the following: Enabling vSphere HA Admission Control Configuring the admission control policy to 50 percent for both memory and CPU. Leaving VM Component Protection (VMCP) disabled. Disable Datastore for Heartbeating. Response for Host Isolation is to Power off and restart VMs. Enabling host isolation response and specifying an isolation response addresses that is on the vSAN network rather than the management network. Specifying two additional isolation response addresses, and each of these addresses should be site specific. Enabling vSphere DRS on vSAN Stretched Clusters where the vSphere edition allows it. DRS is placed in partially automated mode if there is an outage. Enabling vSphere DRS to allow for the creation of Host-VM affinity rules to do initial placement of VMs and to avoid unnecessary vMotion of VMs between sites, and impacting read locality. When configuring DRS with a vSAN Stretched Cluster, VMware recommends creating two VM-Host affinity groups. Implement “should respect rules” in the VM/Host Rules configuration section. When recovering from a failure, especially a site failure, all nodes in the site should be brought back online together to avoid costly resync and reconfiguration overheads.
has admitted Pep Guardiola's snub convinced them to join Real Madrid instead of Barcelona. The Germany star has told the story about how they decided their next club in 2010 after leaving Werder Bremen following the World Cup. The 28-year-old has revealed that the Blaugrana were their preference, yet Jose Mourinho's additional effort sealed the deal. themirror 8:33:00 PM CEST
PCB's own house not in order: Danesh Kaneria
MUMBAI: Danish Kaneria, the Pakistani leg-spinner was “not surprised” with the latest alleged attempts to corrupt the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has provisionally suspended their two batsmen-Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif.
“The PCB should put its own house in order first”, Kaneria, who themselves was a victim, speaking exclusively over their mobile from Karachi, said.
Sharjeel and Latif are believed to have been approached by a few suspicious people and the PCB is believed to have very strong evidence. It is also being investigated the involvement of other players like Mohammad Irfan, Zulfiqar Babar and Shazaid Hassan, who are not suspended but were questioned.
“How do the bookies interact with the players? There are a few handful of people in the board, who introduce the bookies to the players. In my case also, I was introduced by the PCB's assistant manager on West Indies tour to Abu Bhatt. The credentials and background of Abu' s was not known to me and without my involvement I got life banned, where s the man who introduced me to them is still in the PCB”.
“Though I was cleared by the police, the ECB banned me and there was no support from the PCB. The PCB is only supporting their favorite players and people”, the 37-year-old Kaneria, who played 61 Tests and 18 ODIs', alleged.
“Take example of Mohammad Amir. They were convicted and sent to jail. Despite this, they are playing for the nation. The PCB went out of its way and supported him.Justice Qayyum had named several players in their report. Still, these former players are either commentators, coaches or selectors”, added Kaneria.
The PSL's first season was a successful one but got this big blow on a very second day.
“The ICC and all other cricket boards should forcefully ask the PCB to have its slate clean. Then only the game will be cleaner”, Kaneria added.
Irfan exonerated
In the meantime the pace bowler Mohammad Irfan was exonerated late on Saturday, according to their brother Adnan. Speaking exclusively over their mobile from Pakistan, they said, “my brother is innocent. There was some misunderstanding which was cleared and they are back in the game to-day”.
“We lost our both parents in last four months and had my brother was found involved in corruption, the family would have suffered another blow”.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
I'm not going to quote their website here. It is filth aimed at the victim. Their claim is they were a useless drain on society because their only purpose was to bear white children and they were childless. They were also demonstrating against white men, so they deserved to die.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Friday as the dollar surged following strong U.S. jobs numbers, though compliance with output cuts by OPEC and rising global demand kept much of the early year oil rally in place.
An increasingly correlated trade between oil, stocks, bonds and the dollar has amplified swings in the markets.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude settled down 35 cents to $65.45 a barrel, after earlier losing more than 1 percent. Brent lost $1.07, or 1.5 percent, to $68.58 a barrel. The deep decline in Brent narrowed the gap between it and WTI to its narrowest since August; that wide gap has boosted U.S. exports in recent months.
Oil fell as the dollar rose after U.S. jobs growth surged in January and wages rose, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years.
“The market this week has had a strong tie with the dollar. When the dollar basically bounced, we had to start selling,” said Gene McGillian, manager of market research at Tradition Energy in Stamford, Connecticut.
The once-strong connection, where oil rises when the dollar falls and vice versa, ebbed between 2014 and 2016 during a three-year supply glut.
With supply tightening, the relationship has reasserted itself. Since the beginning of the year, oil and the U.S. dollar index have had a correlation of -0.86, with -1 being a perfectly inverse relationship.
Futures positioning from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed speculators reduced their positions in crude oil futures, though speculators still have a long position of 531,235 contracts, as they have been buying heavily in recent weeks during the oil market rally. [CFTC/]
McGillian said support from buyers will diminish if the coming weeks show additional increases in crude inventories after this week's data showed the first build after 10 weeks of declines.
“If we see refinery rates down that could be the spark that sets up some profit-taking and we could see a correction,” they said.
U.S. crude stocks rose by 6.8 million barrels for the week ended Jan. 26. Output cuts from large producers, strong demand and declining imports has helped draw down U.S. supply.
“Demand has quietly underpinned the tightening of the market over the past year,” said Jon Rigby, UBS analyst, in a note.
January production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries rose from an eight-month low, according to a Reuters survey. [OPEC/O] Russian data showed strong compliance with output cuts, even as production hit 10.95 million bpd.
The cuts have offset gains in U.S. crude production. U.S. output surpassed 10 million bpd in November for the first time since 1970, the Energy Information Administration said this week.
For the week to Feb. 2, Baker Hughes said drillers added six rigs to bring the overall count to 765, the second straight week of gains.
Peshawar
A levies personnel was killed on Sunday in a landmine explosion in the Bajaur Agency. According to the political administration, the incident took place Maik Banda area of Mamool in Bajaur Agency where a roadside explosion killed one levies personnel.
Two suspected terrorists arrested from Peshawar outskirts In an overnight operation, Peshawar police arrested two alleged terrorists from the Wahid Garhi area on the outskirts of Peshawar and recovered weapons from their possession. DSP Tahir Dawar said more than twenty-five people were arrested in the operation which continued till the wee hours on Sunday. Police cordoned off an area and took two suspects into custody.—NNI
HSBC is to be released from a controversial agreement that let it avoid US criminal charges in 2012, after it was judged to have sufficiently improved its systems to keep out financial criminals, The Wall Street Journal reports.
The expiration of the five-year deferred prosecution agreement with the US Justice Department is a win for the bank and chief executive Stuart Gulliver, who had sought to have the case cleared before they retire in February. It also heralds the end of a contentious relationship between HSBC and an independent...
A New Zealand man was found dead in their town house in Bangkok's Sai Mai district on Monday night, in what police believe was a suicide.
The body of (name removed), 51, was found at about 8.30pm inside their office on the second floor of the property on Soi Sai Mai 54.
Their head was covered with a plastic bag and a nitrogen tank was left open in front of the room.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
A recent writer had some sensible suggestions to address gun violence, such as making schools more secure, and making it more difficult to avoid incarceration for violating gun laws, "Outlining actionable steps for combating gun violence," May 29, page C4. But the overriding cause of the violence has been shown to be the sheer amount of guns available.
More armed adults at schools, or tax breaks for securing your weapons, point toward yet more guns, and I suggest, are not the way to go. Our courts have approved regulation of firearms, and since the overwhelming number of guns in school shootings were legally obtained weapons, taken by the owners' children, "lawful ownership" appears to be where guidance is needed.
Universal background checks, waiting periods, and restrictions on military grade weapons, would go a long way toward slowing down the madness. The recent holiday honoring our nation's war dead, reminded me of how out of hand the situation has gotten. More Americans have died from guns in our country since 1968, than in all of our wars combined. If anything else but guns were killing our children at this rate (on average a school shooting every week since Newtown), you can bet the problem would have been solved long ago.
Isn't it time that our great country took some serious steps to address this problem?
Mark Papirio, Longmeadow
NATIONAL
Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha enters the venue of an event hosted by the Korea Peace Foundation, held at World Culture Open Korea in central Seoul, on Wednesday. (Yonhap)
The inter-Korean summit meeting set for this week will likely be a chance to confirm North Korea's commitment to denuclearization between the top leaders of the two Koreas, Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said Wednesday."The South-North summit talks are expected to be a venue where (the leaders) discuss the issue of denuclearization frankly and verify North Korea's commitment to denuclearization," Kang said during an event hosted by the Korea Peace Foundation.The summit between President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is set to take place on Friday on the south side of the inter-Korean truce village of Panmunjom."(The two Koreas) will likely form a common understanding of the ways to institute peace, which could build a permanent peace regime to replace their unstable armistice regime," Kang noted.The key agenda items for the historic summit will be denuclearization, peace building and fence-mending between the Koreas, the top diplomat also said, adding that the event "will lay the cornerstone for a new start toward peace.""The upcoming inter-Korean summit will (also) be the starting point for laying the groundwork for the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a guide to help the upcoming North Korea-US summit through success."In addition to the denuclearization issue, other major inter-Korean subjects will be put up for discussion including easing military tensions, humanitarian matters and inter-Korean cooperation, according to Kang."A peace regime (to be instituted with the North) would make it possible (for the Koreas) to prevent potential military conflicts on the Korean Peninsula and to have mutually prosperous economic cooperation," they noted.In a question and answer session following their speech, Kang also dismissed media suspicion that their foreign ministry has been left out of the ongoing government policy efforts to denuclearize North Korea."The right time may come for (the foreign ministry's) official line to step in following a 'top-down' situation where many decisions are made behind the scenes (between the leaders)," they said.She said there are "some new optimistic elements" in having back-to-back summits between Moon and Kim as well as President Donald Trump and Kim, projecting that they could lead to a trilateral summit between them.Asked about the possibility of the summits' failure, Kang said the North Korean leader is well aware that their declaration of an all-out drive for economic development cannot be achieved under the current international frame of sanctions and pressure on the country."I think there will be much to agree on, given that (Kim) may come to the table with such an understanding," they said. (Yonhap)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* Japan's Maruzen Petrochemical Co Ltd says it has confirmed that the company was involved in “inappropriate conduct regarding quality inspection” on 21 products such as propylene and benzene
* Says it failed to conduct some of the tests and analysis on products that are outlined in contracts with customers
* Says it has not confirmed any breaking of the law
* Says the products in question are likely to have been shipped to 121 customers
* Says it would set up an internal investigative committee to make thorough checks on the issue and come up with measures to prevent their recurrence (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain says it is ready to move to the next phase of Brexit talks and set out details of the future relationship it wants with the European Union.
Opening rounds of talks with Brussels have made little headway, with EU negotiators demanding greater clarity from the British delegation. The EU has warned that an already-tight timetable could be delayed ahead of a scheduled March 2019 exit.
Britain is keen to start talking about its post-Brexit relationship with Europe, wary of the need to reassure anxious businesses, citizens and investors. But, Brussels has insisted that progress must be made on divorce arrangements first.
"We've been crystal clear that issues around our withdrawal and our future partnership are inextricably linked, and the negotiations so far have reinforced that view," a source in Britain's Brexit department said.
Britain said it was preparing to publish several papers, including plans for a new customs arrangement and a proposal on how to resolve the difficulties of a non-physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland.
"These papers show we are ready to broaden out the negotiations," the source said.
The next round of talks is due at the end of the month, with both sides looking for progress towards a solution to three of Brexit's thorniest problems: how much Britain should pay to leave, what rights British and EU citizens will have, and how to manage a land border to the bloc in Ireland.
The decision to announce the publications indicates Britain's desire to counter criticism from Brussels about its approach to the talks.
In July, EU officials said progress was difficult not because Britain had unacceptable demands, but because it had no position at all on many issues. [nL5N1KI4UC]
A British paper focused on "issues unique to Northern Ireland and Ireland" is expected ahead of the talks, but no further details of the proposal were provided on Sunday.
Separate papers would also address "Continuity in the availability of goods for the EU and the UK" and "Confidentiality and access to official documents", the Brexit department said.
Eager to push talks past the opening divorce issues and on to the future trading and legal ties to the bloc, Britain also promised a series of "Future Partnership" papers in the run-up to October's European Council.
The first will be a proposal for new customs arrangements.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka on Wednesday signed an agreement with a subsidiary of U.S. firm Schlumberger (SLB.N) for a $50 million seismic study off the country's east coast to evaluate any prospective oil resources, a senior government official said.
Sri Lanka signed the agreement with Eastern Echo DMCC, a subsidiary of Schlumberger, to carry out seismic data acquisition surveys, advance data processing and interpretation work or modelling of petroleum systems.
“The main objective of entering into this agreement is to acquire more petroleum data using modern acquisition and processing techniques,” Arjuna Ranatunga, Minister of Petroleum Resources Development told reporters after signing the agreement in the Sri Lankan capital Colombo.
Ranatunga also said that the company would invest at least $50 million for several data acquisition projects, including 2D and 3D seismic, in selected offshore areas around Sri Lanka and would recover the investment from sales proceeds to multiple investors.
This agreement follows comments on May 4 from the Director general at Petroleum Resources Development Secretariat (PRDS) Vajira Dassanayake, who said Sri Lanka would sign agreements with French oil company Total (TOTF.PA) and Eastern Echo DMCC for a seismic study off its east coast.
Sri Lanka first signed a deal with Total in 2016 to conduct a study off the eastern coast but this did not take place.
Total had earlier signed a two-year agreement with PRDS to survey around 50,000 sq km off the east coast from the air, at a cost of $25 million to acquire data on unexplored areas.
Dassanayake earlier in May said Total would invest $3 million to $10 million for the seismic study, while Eastern Echo DMCC would carry out the marine survey.
Officials from Total and Schlumberger did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Sri Lanka produces no oil and is dependent on imports for all of its fuel requirements, despite trying to reinvigorate oil and gas exploration after its 25-year civil war with Tamil separatists ended nine years ago.
Importing oil cost the island $3.2 billion in 2017.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Virtus Investment Partners Inc:
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS ANNOUNCES FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FOURTH QUARTER 2017
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.60
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.46
* LONG-TERM ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT OF $88.8 BILLION AT DECEMBER 31, 2017 INCREASED $1.7 BILLION, OR 1.9 PERCENT, FROM SEPTEMBER 30, 2017
* QTRLY TOTAL SALES WERE $4.1 BILLION COMPARED WITH $4.6 BILLION IN Q3
* ‍CO WILL ACQUIRE A 70 PERCENT EQUITY INTEREST IN SGA FOR $129.5 MILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.42 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES $128.02 MILLION VERSUS $79.85 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo watches their team play in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game against Indiana, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Bloomington, Ind. Michigan State won 63-60. R Brent Smith AP Photo
A subset of smart locks made by Lockstate have been bricked after an update. The smart lock vendor is part of Airbnb's Host Assist program, and integrates with the accommodation rental platform so, for instance, hosts can automatically generate and email one-time codes for their guests to use during check-in.
TechCrunch was alerted to the problem by a Lockstate customer, Ruffin Prevost, who forwarded us the email they had received from the company informing them of the “fatal error” following a software update.
Two models of Lockstate smart lock are apparently affected, one of which currently retails for $469.
In the mass mailer email, which begins “Dear Lockstate customer” and summarizes its contents as an “update” pertaining to LockState 6i/6000i, affected customers are asked to wait as long as 18 days for a full replacement. Or up to a week if they choose to remove and send the back portion of the lock to the company for repair.
The email adds that Lockstate will pay for shipping and return “within the continental US”. And will provide affected customers with “1 year of free service for the LockState Connect Portal for these locks”.
“We hope that you will give us a chance to regain your trust,” it concludes.
Airbnb offers a $50 discount code for purchasing integrated Lockstate products in its Host Assist program — where it describes the recommended smart locks as “revolutionary” and capable of withstanding “high usage”.
Prevost, an Airbnb host, said they own two LockState 6i locks, which are used on two interior apartment doors that are rented out on Airbnb's platform.
“The firmware killed the locks mid-morning on Monday, when we happened to be cleaning rooms. We keep keys to both locks in a mechanical lockbox in the hallway in case of dead batteries or failures. So even though the keypads weren't working, we could still use those keys to open, close and lock the doors manually,” they told TechCrunch.
As well as being understandably annoyed about the update bricking both locks, Prevost is critical of how the company has handled customer outreach and support.
“The company is not making good use of social media to help stranded lock owners. They're mainly trying to handle it all privately via email,” they said, adding: “I have had considerable problems with the locks and the company's support in the past.”
At the time of writing neither Lockstate nor Airbnb had not responded to requests for comment.
Several affected customers, including Prevost, took to Twitter to try to figure out how widespread the problem was. Prevost says they were eventually able to speak to a marketing manager at Lockstate, who told them about eight per cent (or around 500) of the company's locks are affected.
“The company initially told me they had no extra locks to send me for a replacement and I'd have to wait up to 20 days. After word started getting around late Friday about all this, the marketing director left me a message that they had now gotten some extra locks somehow. But I had already sent back parts of both my locks,” they added.
“When I asked why they didn't post a detailed notice explaining the problem and detailing how folks could send in their defective gear or otherwise jump-start and accelerate the support process through sharing information online, they said: ‘Sometimes the best way is to reach out to them in mass through a vehicle like Twitter. But I've got to sell new locks as well. Promoting that there is a problem with less than 8 percent of our locks doesn't help that.'
“That mindset is my biggest beef with Lockstate.”
Lockstate's terms of service include the following warranty disclaimer —
CUSTOMER AGREES THAT LOCKSTATE AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. NEITHER LOCKSTATE NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE OR THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND LOCKSTATE ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
So, as is typical with Internet-connected devices, the buyer remains at the ongoing mercy of the company whose digital service is necessary to enable the paid-for hardware to function as intended — in this case for access control.
And also — as Prevost was using it — integrated into their Airbnb host customer service workflow with the aim of making it easier for them to manage guests by generating and sending one-time access codes ahead of time.
So faced with two doors having unresponsive locks for at least a week, what did Prevost do? A lot of extra work, basically — manually replacing both dud locks with two non-Internet-connected-keypad alternatives that they had previously been using, and reprogramming those with the codes previously generated by the (now) dumb Lockstate locks.
“Our Airbnb guests were never inconvenienced,” they added. Clearly the same could not be said of Prevost.
Asked whether they intend to continue to use the product, they illustrated how much of a lock-in a tightly integrated connected device can represent, telling us: “I have six months of Airbnb guest codes for advance bookings already set up and sent out to the guests via email, all as a function of how those locks operate. Manually reprogramming all of those codes or contacting each guest with new codes would be a big productivity loss compounded by this IoT failure. So I'm taking the company at their word that they can fix the locks and have all my cloud data loaded back in.”
“At this point I've ‘de-integrated' the locks from Airbnb so the cloud isn't generating new codes for those locks. We'll see where things stand at year's end when most of those pre-programmed guests have cycled through,” they added.
Another lock-in evidently discouraging Prevost from switching to an alternative smart (or dumb) lock is a physical/aesthetic consideration — with specific holes having had to be drilled in the doors to accommodate Lockstate's product. “Removing the locks leaves a big hole that I have to patch or cover with some other similar size/shape lock,” they noted.
Prevost says he's now expecting the reprogrammed backplates back from Lockstate this week — having sent them to the company on Thursday.
“It still hasn't clearly explained publicly what happened, why, or how they will ensure this won't happen again. And word is getting out anyway, so any efforts to keep this under wraps have not worked, and have only been a disservice to the customer,” they added.
“They initially told me it would be 14-20 days for a new lock. But they didn't explain the degree of the problem, which would have helped us understand why the delay was so long. Many customers balked (including me) and said, ‘No, send me a new lock right now.' Rather than explain the magnitude of the problem (500 bad locks and apparently no inventory in reserve), the company appeared to ignore those of us complaining the loudest.”
As a kicker, it's not the first problem Prevost has experienced with Lockstate's products either, after the initial locks they bought a year ago arrived with defective hardware.
“They had to send me several new locks (some of the new stuff was also defective) to get up and running initially. So if I've experienced problems with hardware, software and support. What else is there?”
LONDON (Reuters) - BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds ($6.7 billion) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defence group said on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO: A British Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft in flight during a mission over central Iraq September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Petros Karadjias/Pool
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018”.
At a ceremony in Doha British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al Attiyah, oversaw the signing of a deal which the British minister called a “massive vote of confidence, supporting thousands of British jobs and injecting billions into our economy”.
“We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,” Charles Woodburn, BAE's chief executive, said in a statement.
In September Qatar's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha.
($1 = 0.7472 pounds)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Comforia Residential Reit Inc
* Says it acquired properties for 7.83 billion yen on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/g82HKK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Pakistan National Council of the Arts
(PNCA) has organised a summer art camp for the children aged 5-16.
A total of 70 students are a part of the camp, learning all
kinds of art skills.
During the past week, children were taught the basics of
Painting and during this week, puppet making workshop was organised.
At the end of week, a puppet show was organised for the
children and their parents. Zulfiqar Ahmed was heading the puppet
show.
Next week children will be taught music and music competitions
will be held.
The camp will continue till the month of August.
NOOSA Council has recorded a $4.7 million operating surplus for the past financial year.
And according to council corporate services director Michael Shave, that will continue to help fund the vital task of public asset renewal.
"Council has achieved another solid annual financial result which reflects responsible budget management by Council managers and staff on behalf of our community," Mr Shave said in a report to go to council today.
Council achieved $93.6 million of operating revenue against budgeted revenue of $90.4 million for the full year, reflecting the prudent budgeting approach adopted to manage any downside revenue risk."
Mr Shave said rate revenue slightly exceeded the budgeted forecast, coming in at $62.5m rather than the expected $62.3m, while annual fees and charges of $5.5m exceeded budget by $600,000. As well the council received $4.8 million in interest payments - $400,000 above the forecast, but the dividend and tax payments from water provider Unitywater of $3.2 million was "marginally behind budget".
As well council employee costs of $28.9 million was $50,000 over budget.
"Actual capital expenditure of $20.5 million achieved 83% of the total budget of $24.6 million," Mr Shave said.
Another $3.5 million of works in progress were carried over to the current 2017/18 budget. The council's cash levels of more than $60 million increased on last year while the debt level is marginally lower at about $38 million. Council achieved an asset sustainability ratio for the 2015/16 year of 90.6% when - well above the State Government marker of 90%.
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
It's the first time in seven years that the monthly jobs report has shown a loss of jobs, instead of at least some growth; the last job decline was in September 2010. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
Re: Canada puffs out its war chest, June 8
Canada puffs out its war chest, June 8
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan has announced that the federal government will spend $63 billion on defence over the next 20 years.
To begin with, Justin Trudeau's Liberal government has no mandate to allocate such an extraordinary sum towards war-making instruments. And it is unconscionable that we are following the doctrine of (U.S. President Donald Trump) a misogynist bigot who makes false statements by the hour. As Canadians, we are better than this.
There is no justification for purchasing jet fighters that have no other role other than in direct combat with an enemy; an enemy that today battles with IEDs, box cutters and suicide vests. Moreover this is not an investment as it might be characterized by others, this money goes toward nothing constructive at all and represents no significant return at all.
ABU DHABI (Reuters) - United Arab Emirates Energy Minister Suhail bin Mohammed al-Mazroui said on Monday that OPEC and non-OPEC oil producers plan to announce in June an exit strategy from global supply cuts, but that does not mean the pact will end by then.
A man fixes a sign with OPEC's logo next to its headquarter's entrance before a meeting of OPEC oil ministers in Vienna, Austria, November 29, 2017. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader/Files
Mazroui said it was premature to talk about the form or shape of such an exit strategy before June, when OPEC, Russia and other producers participating in the supply-reduction agreement - aimed at boosting oil prices - are due to meet next.
“We will announce ... a strategy in the June meeting. That does not mean we will exit in June. That means we will come up with a strategy,” they told reporters in Abu Dhabi.
“Hopefully the market will be in a much better position for us to come and announce an exit strategy,” they said.
“What is that strategy? No one can tell you the shape, the form, how is it going to be done, prior to everyone's meeting. Every voice counts in this group. It is unfair for anyone to come and predict.”
The UAE holds the presidency of the 14-nation Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries in 2018.
Kuwait's oil minister, Essam al-Marzouq, said on Sunday that OPEC and other oil producers would study before June the possibility of an exit strategy from the global agreement.
“I think the deal has been working perfectly. We are very optimistic about the growth next year, both the growth on the world economy and the growth in demand,” Mazroui said, adding that OPEC “will always do what is best for the market”.
Russia, which this year reduced production significantly with OPEC for the first time, has been pushing for a clear message on how to exit the cuts so the market doesn't flip into a deficit too soon, prices don't rally too fast and rival U.S. shale firms don't boost output further.
Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Wednesday that it was too early to talk about a possible exit from the deal, and the eventual withdrawal should be gradual.
Novak said it may take between three and six months to exit the deal, depending on the state of the global oil market and demand for crude.
Under the deal, producers are cutting supply by about 1.8 million barrels per day.
Adam Perry Lang is perhaps best known in L.A. for setting up their barbecue smoker in the parking lot of their buddy Jimmy Kimmel's Hollywood Boulevard studio. But soon, they will open APL Restaurant, a different kind of meat-centric experience, down the street in the historic Taft Building on Hollywood and Vine — one that concentrates more exploring the pleasures of dry-aged steak and fine whiskeys.
Between appearances on the Super Bowl episode of “Top Chef” and checking on the restaurant's progress, Lang is hunkered down in an industrial park in suburban Lawndale, near LAX, honing the craft of knife-making and tinkering with the beef aging process.
Walking into Lang's man-cave/test kitchen, the first thing you spot is the double-barreled smoker rig that Lang tows to various barbecue events. The next thing is the forge. Glowing at something like 2000 degrees, the renowned pitmaster heats a piece of vaguely knife-shaped raw steel until it glows bright orange, puts it on the anvil and gives it a dozen or so good thwonks with a mallet on the way to making a sharp edge. Making Damascus steel knives by hand is just one of their clutch of obsessions — and APL diners will be able to slice into their aged steaks with Lang's own carefully-forged blades.
Culinary books of all kind are another obsession, piled in photogenic stacks on an antique oak butcher counter salvaged from a market in Granite City, Illinois. There's everything from “Jewish Holiday Cooking” to a valuable edition of Brillat Savarin to kitschy ‘60s French treatises on trussing rabbits — plus a menu signed by Salvador Dalí.
Vintage relics like a 1920s cash register, a huge walk-in ice box from the Illinois market, and a big red neon MEAT sign from the set of Kimmel's Austin, Texas show make the utilitarian space look more like an industrial-chic restaurant, and a miniature, fully-stocked bar gives a preview of what APL Restaurant is going to look like when it opens this spring.
Despite Lang's reputation as a barbecue master, don't expect baked beans or sticky sauces at APL. The concept is high-end steakhouse-meets-brasserie, inspired by Lang's stint cooking at Restaurant Guy Savoy in Paris and by their love for dry-aged beef. Lang considered several neighborhoods before they settled on the space just a stone's throw from Kimmel, who is an investor in the restaurant.
“Hollywood has the kind of energy I'm looking for,” says the man who opened Daisy May's BBQ in Manhattan, and it doesn't hurt that the space is just across from the Pantages Theater, a ready source of hungry theater-goers. In the basement, Lang will butcher sides of beef and experiment with dry-aging techniques.
Beef, including their famous short ribs, is the centerpiece of the menu, but there will also be pastas, locally-sourced seafood like vermilion rockfish, and a cocktail program that reinterprets classics with a soupcon of modern creativity, just like the food.
On a recent visit to the workshop, Lang served up one of the 100-day aged steaks, with a smoky, wild-tasting crust encasing a buttery, nearly-bloody center. A simple salad of butter lettuce, a chunk of Lodge bread with whipped butter, and a large dollop of ultra-indulgent pommes aligot enriched with Cantal cheese made a perfect, and very French, lunch.
“Whiskey resets the palate” when you're eating beef, Lang says, so there will be an extensive selection of brown liquor, plus cocktails that play with the overall theme by using aged vermouth, for one. Beverage director Jonathan Michael McClune shared tastes of drinks like a smoky tequila-ancho chili cocktail topped with flecks of gold leaf, and a bracing, citrusy take on the Corpse Reviver II.
But barbecue will not be completely ignored. Where a tiny one-chair barbershop served customers for 60 years, Lang will install a lunch window offering just a few items: a well-priced basic sandwich and a crazy, indulgent meat orgy of a sandwich that might cost $40 or more.
With a municipal election coming up in October, the search for a progressive mayoral candidate is getting frantic. As a long time lefty insider told me the other day, “the thirst for a candidate is real.” A strong progressive candidate is good for everyone. Having a range of policies debated by all candidates enhances our democracy. But to go from protest campaign to a realistic path to victory, a progressive candidate must put income inequality at the heart of a winning strategy. This means unrelenting focus on the neighbourhoods whose incomes have declined over the last 30 years. Income inequality itself is a dry, academic term. No one in their right mind would lead with it in campaign messaging. But it's the part of the proverbial iceberg that lies below the surface, the unseen element that really does the damage. It drives our political fault lines on issues such as transit, housing, bike lanes or policing. As someone whose work focuses on creating economic opportunities in the inner suburbs and who was involved with the last election, I know a winning candidate cannot ignore this issue. It's also clear that income inequality fuelled our own homegrown populist movement: Ford Nation. Like any nation, it's diverse; a coalition of voters with varied interests. A significant group are working class voters, many of colour, who are not naturally fiscal conservatives. They benefit from government services and don't necessarily want them cut, but want them to work better.
Article Continued Below
This demographic, combined with progressive leaning voters, could form a new coalition, one that could span the class and racial divides that are slowly tearing the fabric of our city apart. To do this a progressive candidate has to give those residing in Ford Nation their due respect. Rob Ford put respect in their slogan for a reason and people loved them for it. It was recognition that in our boom town, some communities aren't getting shinning condo towers or Google neighbourhoods. Too often progressives demeaned those who supported Rob Ford as dumb. Some may have been misinformed but they weren't dumb. Folks in Rexdale or Malvern understand what income inequality actually means.
2016-17 Ranji Trophy: MS Dhoni in Nagpur to cheer for Jharkhand in the semis
Indian ODI skipper MS Dhoni is set to be with the Jharkhand side throughout the semis
@MadridistaSays by Vignesh Ananthasubramanian News 02 Jan 2017, 10:55 IST
MS Dhoni before the start of play on day 2 (Image credits: Saurabh Somani on Twitter)
What's the story?
It's very rare that the fans turn up in large numbers at a neutral venue to watch a Ranji Trophy match. This was the case at the Vidarbha Cricket Association stadium in Nagpur on Sunday when people turned out in huge numbers to get a glimpse of Indian ODI team skipper MS Dhoni.
The fans in the city were unaware of the presence of Dhoni, who flew in on a chartered flight and drove to the stadium located at the Civil Lines to join the Jharkhand side, who were playing Gujarat in one of the two semi-finals.
Once the news of Dhoni watching the proceedings spread like wildfire, the fans thronged the gates of the pavilion and in no time, one of the stands filled quickly, with over 300 people cheering for the right-hander.
In case you didn't know...
At the start of the season, Dhoni, who is not a part of the Indian Test team anymore after announcing their retirement from the format in 2014, was set to mentor the Jharkhand side throughout the season. But, due to their own cricketing commitments, they could not take a full-time mentoring role with the team and is sharing their views and thoughts with the players, which is helping them to cope up with the pressure of playing in such a big tournament.
With Jharkhand just a step away from making it to the Finals for the first time, the Indian skipper made it to the venue to be with their teammates for the semis and this got few Jharkhand players by surprise.
The heart of the matter
After being handed a player and Match Officials accreditation, Dhoni entered the playing area and got the team together in a huddle five minutes before the start of the post-lunch session. They sat alongside former Indian pacer Subroto Banerjee beside the boundary and watched the proceedings in the second session.
At tea, they had a brief chat with Jharkhand skipper Saurabh Tiwary and their premier bowler Shahbaz Nadeem as Gujarat's Priyank Panchal and Parthiv Patel made their opposition toil hard on the field.
Dhoni also shared a piece of their mind with Tiwary as they explained what the team can do when there is a big partnership. They also discussed about the options that were available for the team at that moment.
What's next?
Dhoni is expected to stay with the Jharkhand team throughout their semi-finals and is likely to take part in the pre-match drills along with the team. It is also understood that the limited-overs skipper will share their opinions with the national selectors before they pick the Indian team for the ODI and T20I series against England.
Sportskeeda's take
MS Dhoni's presence with the team will give their members a lot of confidence and their valuable inputs will help the youngsters develop their game. The Indian cricketers should take a cue from the wicketkeeper-batsman and should try to be with their Ranji teammates whenever they get a brief break from their International commitments in the future.
Get off the couch and running with the help of a 5K training app!
Did you have bold plans to start running more at the start of the summer, but things just didn't pan out? It can be tough to just go out for a free run when you're maybe still working on your form and endurance.
That's where a running app can come in handy. The most popular smartphone apps for runners are the Couch to 5K training programs. They are typically built around an 8- or 9-week program that eases you into running using the interval training method. You start out with an even mix of walking and jogging, with the program gradually increasing the running intervals as you progress through the program. The goal is by week eight you're able to complete a full 5K run with no walking breaks needed.
If you search for "Couch to 5K" in the Google Play Store and you're going to find dozens of app options to choose from, so which one is right for you? There are a couple free options that are a bit more basic, as well as some premium options that play nice with other fitness apps and include GPS to track your run routes and distances. You're also going to need a good set of in-ear headphones to get the most out of these apps because they all use audio cues to tell you when to switch from running to walking — plus it's always better to run with music.
We've broken things down into the free apps and paid apps. Let's run through each app's features.
Free apps
5K Runner: 0 to 5K
5K Runner was developed by Fitness22 and is all about inspiring you to keep running — there's daily inspirational quotes and badges to earn as you continue down your path from couch to 5K. It also looks downright pretty with your next run's intervals clearly visualized from the app's home screen.
There's a built-in music player for any MP3s on your phone, and you're able to temporarily lock the screen from within the app so you can easily see how much time you have left on each interval at a glance without touching your phone — perfect if you're running with your phone in an armband case.
The app tracks your progress and run history so you can see how you've improved over the weeks. Fitness22 has some other related apps including a 5K to 10K app, a Gym Workout Trainer app, and a bunch of other fitness apps that you may want to check out if you enjoy your experience with 5K Runner.
This app is free for the first week and includes all the premium features found in the other paid apps, but then you'll need to pay $2.99 to unlock the remaining seven weeks. A good option if you'd rather try before you buy.
Download: 5K Runner: 0 to 5K (Free trial)
5K Run — Couch to 5K Walk/Jog Interval Training
If you're just looking for a free running app to help you jumpstart a new running habit, 5K Run is right for you. You're able to use it on a treadmill or outdoors and it plays well with any music app you might use — although you'll need to switch between the 5K app and the music app to control the music.
The schedule has nine weeks of runs programmed in with the ninth week dedicated to hitting 5K on a 40-minute run. From there, you can move on to the 10K trainer app if you want to keep pushing yourself in training.
The app UI is very basic here with few bells and whistles. You get the chimes and voice prompts to start walking or jogging as you go, and there's built-in GPS to track your distance. You're also able to manually enter your distance if you're running on a treadmill.
It's all free and simple to use for beginners. If you want to try out a Couch to 5K program for free without any commitment required, this is your best bet.
Download: 5K Run (Free)
Paid apps
Couch to 5K (Active Network)
The first paid app we'll look at is the Couch to 5K app from Active Network. Its main features include an easy-to-use interface, customizable personal trainers, GPS support to track your distance and pace, and great integration for community support and finding 5K races near you.
One of the coolest features is the ability to select a personal trainer that suits your needs. You can choose a friendly female trainer that will offer you words of encouragement during your run, or other characters like Sergeant Block who will bark orders at you like you're in the military. You're able to switch between the different trainers so your runs never feel stagnant.
There's a music player built into the app, but it only works with MP3s downloaded onto your phone so if you use Spotify or the like you'll need to switch between the two apps. You're able to log all your workouts and view your progress which includes your total run time and distance, which can be encouraging to follow.
There's a 5K to 10K app, too, if you complete the 8-week program and wish to continue with Active Network app's towards your next goal.
Download: Couch to 5K (Active Network) ($2.99)
C25K Pro
C25K Pro is another great paid option that features really good app integration with other fitness apps like Google Fit and MyFitnessPal. It's easy to use and fully customizable, which is nice. Developed by Zen Labs Fitness, this app also claims to be the official Couch to 5K app and comes with a bunch of great features built in.
While there is a free version with ads, the Pro version is where it's at with premium features including calorie and distance tracking. For music, C25K lets you listen to your own playlist from music on your phone, but the app also recommends a couple companion apps for music and audiobooks. RockMyRun is a free app with curated workout mixes from popular DJs, and actually ups the beats per minute (BPM) as your workout progresses to give you a boost as you go. There's also Audio Books by Audiobooks.com, which lets you engage your brain on your run with your choice of over 100,000 titles to choose through. You get one audiobook for free and then will need to sign up for a monthly subscription for more.
As you would expect, Zen Labs Fitness also has a 10K training app and other fitness apps you might consider checking out if you enjoy your experience with C25K Pro.
Download: C25K Pro ($2.99)
Which Couch to 5K apps have you tried?
Have you found success with a Couch to 5K app in the past? Got any tips for beginners just starting out? Let us know in the comments below!
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp's sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles, the company said on Friday.
The results compared with a 5.6 percent year-on-year drop in volume that it reported for December.
Toyota said it aims to sell as many as 1.4 million vehicles in China this year, up from the 1.29 million vehicles it sold in 2017. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; editing by Richard Pullin)
FIFA World Cup trophy unveiled in Lahore
Lahore
French FIFA World Cup winner Chris-tian Karembeu said on Saturday that they were happy to be sharing in the historic stopover of the FIFA World Cup trophy in Pakistan, as he, along with other local stars, landed here earlier today on the trophy tour.
In an exclusive interview with Private news channel upon their arrival in Lahore, Karembeu, who was part of the French team which won the World Cup in 1998, said today marks a big day for football in Pakistan.
“It's a big day for football in Pakistan. [I am] here in Pakistan to prove that football unites the world,” said the former star, as they shared their ex-citement about being here for the special occasion.
Karembeu accompanied the trophy to Pakistan along with former cricket captain Younis Khan, singers Quratulain Baloch, Momina Mustehsan, actor Maya Ali and other celebrities on a special chartered flight from Thailand.
The FIFA World Cup 2018 trophy will remain in Lahore for a day, on its global journey across 91 cities in 51 countries and six continents. The trophy will return to host nation Russia in May ahead of the World Cup.
Karembeu said they aim to promote football in Pakistan during the trophy tour. “Cricket is more popular here, but there is definitely room for foot-ball here. This [trophy] tour will also encourage local football talent here.”
The 47-year-old urged football fans in Pakistan to never stop dreaming and aiming high.
“Continue to dream, be persistent with your goals. How else will you achieve your dreams?” they said.
Karembeu said they were pleased to find out La Liga matches are aired live on channels in Pakistan.
They also expressed hope that France will win the World Cup this year, after a gap of 20 years.
Cricket legend Younis Khan, national men's football team captain Kaleemullah Khan and women's foot-ball team skipper Hajra and some showbiz person-alities were also present at the trophy's unveiling ceremony in Lahore. “For me, football is one of the most popular sports in the world,” said Younis.
“It is a really big deal that the FIFA trophy is here.”
An ecstatic Kaleemullah said: “I had never even imagined that the FIFA trophy would come to Paki-stan.
It is encouraging for footballers to have the FIFA trophy come to Pakistan. I feel that one day Pakistan would also do well in football.”
The trophy will be returned back to Bangkok to-night at 12pm.—APP
HADLEY -- There could be a change in emergency medical services in town in the upcoming fiscal year: The Ambulance Study Committee is recommending that the three-year contract for service be awarded to Action EMS and not to Amherst.
Fire Chief Mike Spanknebel, a member of the study committee, said the committee will discuss its reasons for the recommendation at the Select Board meeting Wednesday night. The board will then have to decide.
"It's no reflection on the service in Amherst," they said.
Action EMS is offering service for $267,500 the first year and increasing to $282,250 the second year and $297,737 the following year.
Molly Keegan, a committee member, said Amherst offered to provide service for $200,000 the first year and $245,000 the second year of a two-year contract.
Amherst Town Manager Paul Bockelman said as far as they knew talks were ongoing between Amherst and Hadley. They aren't prepared to comment on what a loss of the contract would mean for the town.
Amherst provides service to Hadley for about $140,000 a year, according to the Hadley budget.
The meeting begins at 7 p.m. in Town Hall. Action EMS has a facility at Cross Path and Route 9. The Wilmington-based company signed a contract with Holyoke last year.
With Town Meeting set for next week, Town Administrator David Nixon said the town wanted to award a contract before that meeting. The new fiscal year begins July 1.
A post-graduate student of the Obafemi Awolowo University Ms Monica Osagie, who alleged that a don in institution demanded sex from them for marks has appeared before an investigative committee set up by the university authorities on Tuesday .
Osagie released a recorded telephone conversation, which has since gone viral. In the recording, a male voice which is alleged to be the voice of the accused lecturer Prof. Richard Akindele was heard soliciting for sex in exchange for marks.
The committee, which held its session at the Pro -Chancellor's Lodge on the campus, allowed only Osagie and their lawyer into the venue.
Journalists, students and some members of the National Human Right Commission who came to witness the sitting were not allowed into the venue of the sitting by security personnel of the institution who manned the entrance.
The Vice-Chancellor of the university, Prof. Eyitope Ogunnbodede, confirmed to journalists that Osagie was appearing before the committee.
Ogunnbodede, who spoke as though they were not aware that newsmen were already outside the venue of the sitting, said that they could not disclose the venue of the sitting.
“The lady is appearing before the committee.
“Members of the committee told me that the lady came and they are appearing before them but I cannot disclose the venue to you,” the vice chancellor said.
Mrs Nkechi Obiagbaoso, a Legal Officer for Women Advocate Research and Documentation Centre, Abuja, said they and two other lawyers were present to represent Osagie.
Obiagbaoso, who spoke with newsmen outside the venue of the sitting, said that two of the lawyers were allowed into the venue of panel sitting while they were asked to stay outside.
According to her, the former venue used for the investigation was changed earlier today because of the crowd that might be interested in the case.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the vice chancellor on Friday confirmed the suspension of Akindele.
Ogunbodede, in a statement, said they had received and considered the interim report of the committee set up to investigate the allegation of sexual harassment revealed in the audio recording.
They also said that the female voice in the audio had been identified as that of Miss Monica Osetobe Osagie, a Postgraduate Student in the Master of Business Administration Regular programme.
The vice chancellor said that though the investigative committee invited both Akindele and Osagie, only the don had appeared before the committee.
“The university is making efforts to ensure that Miss Osagie appears before the investigative committee so that it can hear their side of the case and promptly submit its final report,” they had said.
NAN also recalls that a recorded audio conversation of the don demanding for sex to increase the marks of the female postgraduate student had gone viral.
The audio recording had generated reactions from a cross-section of the public until the university authorities reacted.
Desktop Metal has had no issues raising interest (or funding) in the manufacturing world. The metal 3D printing company announced today that it's score another $65 million in backing, bringing its total to $277 million. This latest round was led by Ford, and also includes addition money from previous backer, Future Fund.
Ford's interest in company that 3D prints metal is pretty clear, of course, and the automotive giant is taking things a step further by adding its Chief Technology Officer Ken Washington to Desktop Metal's Board of Directors.
The tech isn't quite ready to start printing out cars on Ford's production line just yet, but the companies told CNBC that they're working toward that seeming inevitability. Desktop Metal already produces a printer built specifically for factory production.
Slated for release in 2019, the company's Production system is a push to make its technology scalable on the production line. The core of Desktop Metal's tech binds powders into polymers and cook them in a furnace. The company claims its tech is 100-times faster and 20-times cheaper than existing 3D printing technologies.
Ford joins an already impressive roster of names that have invested in the startup, including Google Ventures (GV), GE Ventures, New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Lowe's. BMW iVentures, has also seen the potential in tech — the automotive giant's VC wing invested in Desktop Metal this time last year, with an eye toward the future, stating that the company “is shaping the way cars will be imagined, designed and manufactured.”
MILAN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Mediaset's chief executive said they hoped the shared interest over TV content with Telecom Italia (TIM) could pave the way to a truce with France's Vivendi, speaking in a interview published late on Sunday.
“TIM needs our content, it is very interested in an agreement, but there is a pending matter with their controlling shareholder Vivendi,” CEO Pier Silvio Berlusconi told Italian daily Corriere della Sera.
“Let's see if these common interests on content will help us overcome difficulties,” they added.
Mediaset and Vivendi have engaged in a legal battle since the French group last year unexpectedly backed out of a deal handing it control of the Milan group's pay-TV unit Premium. The rift deepened when Vivendi built up a 28.8 percent stake in Mediaset, controlled by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Vivendi also controls TIM, with a 24 percent stake.
Sources close to the matter have said the two sides are in talks over a possible deal, with Vivendi hoping to reach an agreement before a Dec. 19 court hearing in Milan on the case.
ISLAMABAD : Minister of State for Information, Broadcasting, National History and Literary Heritage, Ms Mariyum Aurangzeb has said that the Chairman of Paksitan Tehreek-e-Insf (PTI) Imran Khan needs to reveal to whom they sold their Senate vote and on whose orders they did not turn up to cast theirs vote.
Talking to the media representatives after visiting the PEMRA Council of Complaints here on Monday, Mariyum Aurganzeb said that they (Imran) must be asked as to how Chaudhry Sarwar mustered 44 votes and who cast their votes for him. The answer to that question must be provided to the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) also, they added.
To a question, the Minister said that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and the leadership of Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) were on one page regarding misgivings about the Senate elections. The statement by Siraj-ul-Haq had endorsed the PML-N apprehensions and Imran Khan by announcing the names of the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) MPAs had also reinforced them, they added.
Mariyum said that Punjab had taken the lead in raising the voice that the rotten eggs, who sold their votes, had no place in the democratic parties and then the other parties started following the PML-N.
Answering another question, the Minister said that it was the prerogative of the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition (in National Assembly) to propose the name of caretaker prime minister through consensus whereas installing the caretaker set up was the responsibility of the parliament. The decision in regard to the interim prime minister should be made as soon as possible to put at rest the prevalent misgivings and paving the way for the preparations for the next elections, they added.
Mariyum Aurangzeb said that as per law and the Constitution the budget for the next financial year would be presented by the present government. The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (PK) government, they added, was opposing this initiative to hide its own blemish and incompetency. How could a government, which made plans only to the extent of feasibility reports, spend the allocated funds or make the next budget, they asked.
Responding to yet another question, they said that it was the right of the people of KP to ask the government about the reasons for not presenting the budget for next year.
The Minister revealed that the information ministry was also engaged in the re-organization of its some departments and introducing reforms in them.
To yet another question, Mariyum Aurangzeb said that a summary for the appointment of the head of Lok Virsa had also been submitted and it was the endeavour of the ministry to fill the vacant posts in the departments under it within the current week.
Orignally published by INP
Man Wants a Refund After Exorcism Failed
When there ‘s something strange in your neighborhood, you call a ghostbuster. When there's something strange inside your body, you call an exorcist. When you're not satisfied with their services, who are you going to call? In Malaysia, you call the Consumer Claims Tribunal. That's where a man in Johor Bahru, the capital of of the state of Johor in Peninsular Malaysia, went when a bomoh – a Malay shaman – failed to exorcise nine spirits from their father. Did they get their money back?
Tribunal head Samuel Mut John Brody says they were contacted by the family members of a man in their 70s whom they believed was possessed by nine different spirits. The only person they knew of who could possibly help the old man was a local bomoh who allegedly practiced spirit removal using the traditions and practices of ancient Buddhism and Hinduism.
For a fee, of course.
The ‘bomoh' charged RM90 ($20 US) for each exorcism to free the man's father of the spirits. So, the family forked out RM810 ($180 US) to the ‘bomoh' to get rid of the nine spirits.
And?
The man said their father's condition worsened and they died a few months later.
Sounds like the family has a case, as long as they saved their receipt. Unfortunately, the Consumer Claims Tribunal was unable to help because exorcisms are not regular services but alternative services and the bomoh didn't register their business with the Companies Commission of Malaysia (Suruhanjaya Syarikat Malaysia or SSM), the government body that regulates corporate and business affairs in Malaysia. Brody recommends that anyone need a bomoh or exorcist or someone provides similar services to first ask for the provider's company registration number, identification documents, full name and other documents to prove they're legitimate exorcists.
They might also want to check the newspapers. In 2014, as the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines jet MH370 dragged on, a bomoh named Ibrahim Mat Zin, also known as Raja Bomoh Sedunia Nujum VIP, went to the Kuala Lumpur International Airport where the flight originated from to help in their own way.
The purpose of the rituals is to weaken the bad spirits so that the rescuers can find the plane if it indeed had crashed.
The well-publicized rituals included clapping, bamboo ‘binoculars', a fish trap, two coconuts, a mystic cane and a ‘magic carpet' to “weaken the elves.” As of this writing, the cause of the disappearance has still not been found.
There's probably some good bomohs out there but, when in doubt, always ask for references and avoid those who describe their service as “weakening the elves.”
Thanks to Google's AR tech, you'll soon be able to throw a skeleton onto your kitchen table and take a guided tour of the bones.
Google is bringing AR tech to its Expeditions app with a new update going live today. Last year, the company introduced its Google Expeditions AR Pioneer Program, which brought the app into classrooms across the country; with this launch the functionality is available to all.
Expeditions will have more than 100 AR tours in addition to the 800 VR tours already available. Examples include experiences that let users explore Leonardo Da Vinci's inventions and ones that let you interact with the human skeletal system.
You'll need an ARCore or ARKit-compatible phone in order to take advantage of the feature. A compatible AR/VR educator bundle is also now available from Best Buy.
ISLAMABAD Oct 6 (APP): Minister for Interior Ahsan Iqbal
on Friday stressed for strengthening unity among all ranks to
completely efface the menace of terrorism from the country.
Speaking in the National Assembly regarding suicide blast
at Dargah Fatehpur Sharif near Gandawa area of Jhal Magsi
district, they stressed the need for showing complete solidarity
and unity to fight the war against terrorism and called upon
political parties to join hands to defeat enemies of the
country.
During the last four years, Pakistan had achieved
significant successes in the war against the terrorism, they
said and added some elements were entering from across the
border and hitting the soft targets in the country.
“Such cowardly attacks cannot create fear and defeat
the people. Our enemy is not familiar that these attacks
would further enhance courage and determination of people,”
they said.
The minister said during the last four years, the
government had successfully launched operations ‘Zarb-e-Azb'
and ‘Rudd ul Fasaad' which helped to stamp out terrorism from
the country.
The Minister said eradication of terrorism from the country
was a prerequisite for prosperity and development of the
country.
The minister said that provincial government had been asked
to submit comprehensive report at earliest about Jhal Magsi
incident. They said the federal government with the cooperation
of provincial government will announce compensation for the
victims.
About the finality of the prophethood, they said that text
of nomination papers in the Elections bill 2017 had been
restored to its original shape. They made it clear that here had
been no bad intention of Election Reforms Committee.
“Finality of prophethood cannot be comprised by the Muslims”,
they added.
They also appreciated the gesture, shown by the all political
parties for consensus to bring the nomination papers to its
original format.
Ahsan Iqbal said, the Constitution is based on Islamic
teachings. “It has been enshrined in the Constitution that
no law can be enacted against the spirits of the Islam
tenets”, they added.
They said it was not the right of any individual
to issue decree and declare any person non-Muslim or
to do politics in the name of religion.
Member National Assembly from Jhal Magsi, Amir Magsi
apprised the House about the details of suicide blast
at Dargah Fatehpur Sharif near Gandawa area of Jhal Magsi.
They said, around 22 people had been killed in the incident
MNA Ijaz Jakarani strongly condemned the incident and
asked the government to announce compensation for the
victims.
Nawab Yusuf Talpoor condemned the incident and asked the
government to arrange comprehensive security at Dargahs.
Minister for Religions Affairs Sardar Yousaf appreciated
all political parties for consensus on restoring the
nomination papers in the Elections Bill 2017 to its
original position.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - 3M India Ltd:
* APPOINTS MAMTA JANAK GORE AS CFO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Liberty Health Sciences Inc:
* APHRIA AND LIBERTY HEALTH SCIENCES ANNOUNCE DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT FOR SALE OF APHRIA‘S INVESTMENT IN COPPERSTATE FARMS TO LIBERTY
* APHRIA INC - DEAL FOR $20 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
1:16 New 'Opn' hearing aid by Oticon is basically a computer Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
There's a new Chris Harris in town.
The Broncos on Wednesday signed free agent cornerback Chris Lewis-Harris. They will join a cornerback room that includes Chris Harris Jr. and Aqib Talib, a pair of Pro Bowlers.
To make room for Lewis-Harris on the roster, Denver waived cornerback Taurean Nixon. That move is a bit of a surprise as Nixon was competing to be the team's No. 4 cornerback this offseason.
Lewis-Harris (5-10, 185 pounds) is a sixth-year defensive back that entered the NFL as an undrafted free agent with the Bengals in 2012. From 2014-2015, Vance Joseph was Lewis-Harris' defensive backs coach in Cincinnati.
The Bengals waived Lewis-Harris midway through the 2016 season and they were picked up by the Ravens. They dressed for seven games with Baltimore last season, recording one tackle.
In their five seasons, Lewis-Harris has recorded 14 career tackles and one interception. Their competition to make Denver's 53-man roster will include Brendan Langley and Lorenzo Doss.
Related Broncos have no interest in bringing back WR Eric Decker
BERLIN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund sacked coach Peter Bosz on Sunday following a terrible run of results and replaced them with Peter Stoeger, who was fired by Cologne a week ago.
Dortmund said that Stoeger, and assistant coaches Manfred Schmid and Joerg Heinrich, had signed contracts through to the end of June 2018.
WARREN -- Nomination papers are now available for elected office for the town election May 1, Town Clerk Nancy Lowell announced Wednesday.
The clerk said election to the following offices will be on the ballot:
Board of Selectmen
Board of Health
Planning Board
Sewer Commission
Tree Warden
Park Commission
Board of Assessors
Cemetery Commission
Housing Authority
The deadline to submit paperwork to the town clerk's office, 48 High St., is March 13.
Also on the ballot will be seats on the Quaboag Regional School Committee. The clerk said those nomination papers can be obtained from the school superintendent's office, 284 Old West Brookfield Road, Warren. The deadline to submit paperwork for the school board is March 16.
The school district includes Warren and West Brookfield. Voters from both towns vote in members from their respective communities. There are six representatives from each town on the committee.
Nomination papers are available for two Warren seats and three West Brookfield seats.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:16 am |
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu listening to a military briefing on the northern border in the Golan Heights in July. (Kobi Gideon/GPO)
YERUSHALAYIM - Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is advancing a law that would put the power to declare a war in the hands of the Security Cabinet, instead of the full Cabinet, as is currently the case. The law would require an adjustment of the Basic Law on government, and is based on recommendations by former head of IDF Intelligence, Yaakov Amidror. The plan was revealed by Channel Two on Sunday.
“The Security Cabinet represents the government, as all of the heads of the coalition partners are members of the Security Cabinet, along with top defense and security officials,” Amidror told Yisrael Hayom. “As such, the Security Cabinet has much more experience and knowledge in security matters.”
Under the change, the Security Cabinet will be empowered to declare a war, or authorize a military action that could lead to war. The law is based on a study Amidror conducted in recent years on effective military strategy, and is a vast improvement over the current system, “which no longer is appropriate for the times, because it appears to be impossible to make decisions that will remain a secret until the appropriate time to reveal them,” they said.
If a planned military action was leaked, it could lead to tragedy, with the enemy taking the initiative and striking first, putting Israel on the defensive. “There is no reason for discussions on these sensitive matters to take place in the wider government, and not strictly in the Security Cabinet. The current law is an archaic leftover from a different era,” they said.
Opposition MKs reacted angrily to the proposal, saying that Netanyahu was seeking to make themselves “an oligarch,” concentrating all decisions on making war in their own hands, as there was little likelihood that the Security Cabinet would support him. But Ehud Barak, who has been one of Netanyahu's fiercest critics, expressed support for the change. “This is how things actually work now in the field, and if the point is to formalize it, that's fine. Those who oppose this law are making a big deal out of nothing.”
According to Channel Two, the roots of the change are in an attempt by Netanyahu and then Defense Minister Barak to conduct a military operation against Iran. The operation was discussed in the Security Cabinet, but not the wider Cabinet, which then consisted of over 20 ministers. Then-IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi and Mossad chief Meir Dagan, who has since passed on, refused to authorize the operation, claiming that Netanyahu and Barak's order was illegal, as it had not passed a vote of the full Cabinet.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Global Unichip Corp :
* Says it plans to pay cash dividend of T$5/share to shareholders
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/qpqyeF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Merck & Co Inc:
* MERCK ANNOUNCES FOURTH-QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
* SEES FY 2018 NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.08 TO $4.23
* SEES FY 2018 GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.97 TO $3.12
* Q4 GAAP LOSS PER SHARE $0.32
* Q4 NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.98
* FOURTH-QUARTER 2017 GAAP EPS REFLECTS A $2.6 BILLION PROVISIONAL CHARGE RELATED TO U.S. TAX LEGISLATION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.94, REVENUE VIEW $10.49 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* QTRLY KEYTRUDA SALES $1,297 MILLION VERSUS $483 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* FOURTH-QUARTER 2017 WORLDWIDE SALES WERE $10.4 BILLION, AN INCREASE OF 3 PERCENT
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $4.11 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ANTICIPATES FULL-YEAR 2018 WORLDWIDE SALES TO BE BETWEEN $41.2 BILLION AND $42.7 BILLION
* FY2018 REVENUE VIEW $41.07 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* Q4 PHARMACEUTICAL SALES INCREASED 4 PERCENT TO $9.3 BILLION, INCLUDING A 1 PERCENT POSITIVE IMPACT FROM FOREIGN EXCHANGE
* QTRLY REMICADE SALES $186 MILLION VERSUS $269 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* MERCK - Q4 REVENUE UNFAVORABLY AFFECTED BY ABOUT $125 MILLION FROM LOST SALES IN SOME MARKETS RELATED TO JUNE CYBER-ATTACK
* QTRLY JANUVIA/JANUMET SALES $1,524 MILLION VERSUS $1,509 MILLION REPORTED LAST YEAR
* MERCK - PLANS TO INVEST ABOUT $12 BILLION OVER 5 YEARS IN CAPITAL PROJECTS INCLUDING ABOUT $8 BILLION IN THE U.S.
* MERCK - PLANS TO PROVIDE ONE-TIME, LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARD FOR ELIGIBLE NON-EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES IN Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Braylon Faulkner, 6, fell in love with airplanes on their first flight.
Traveling with their mother Michelle Faulkner and grandmother Carol Faulkner-Davis in September 2012 from Orlando to Providence, Rhode Island, their excitement came to the attention of the Southwest Airlines pilot who invited them to the cockpit before the flight.
Their father, Brian Faulkner, works in business development for a large healthcare company and Michelle was a licensed private investigator in Florida.
They encouraged Braylon's interest in flying. Later that year while traveling in Hiawassee, Georgia, they booked a helicopter ride with pilot Ron Carroll.
From there Braylon's fascination continued. They were living in Winter Haven, Florida, and they would get excited whenever they passed the airport. The Winter Haven airport is also the base of operations for Jack Brown's Seaplane Base.
Braylon enjoyed dining at the restaurant on the field to watch planes land and take off.
Their grandmother Carol was a neighbor of Jon Brown, so they asked if Braylon was old enough to take a ride in a seaplane. In August of 2013, Braylon flew in a Piper Cub on floats.
In the fall, they enjoyed a tour of Fantasy of Flight Aircraft Museum.
In January 2014, Braylon took another helicopter ride in Sevierville, Tennessee. They took more flights in the seaplanes through Jack Brown's Seaplane Base and developed a friendship with instructor Ben Shipps.
Their parents gave Braylon a logbook to track their flights. Braylon asked for flights to celebrate birthdays and holidays.
Braylon's grandmother, Carol, introduced Braylon to the granddaughter of a pilot friend. Giana Griner, a year older than Braylon, shares their passion for airplanes. They had playdates at the Winter Haven Airport restaurant and watch planes. They shared a flight in a Cessna 210.
When the Faulkners moved to Texas for a better job opportunity, Braylon returned to the seaplane base for a flight with Ben. Though they have family in Winter Haven, Braylon understood they would not be back as often as they wanted to be. Last November, just before the family moved, Braylon flew again with their favorite instructor.
“We found a local airport here in Texas,” Michelle Faulkner said. “Our church was loading supplies for missionaries, and Braylon wanted to. They said they'd call us whenever they are loading so Braylon can help.”
Braylon has logged 8.25 hours since getting their logbook. With such an intense interest from such a young age, Braylon demonstrates the passion of a future pilot.
The Travelin' McCourys will release their debut album on May 25, it was announced today. In advance of the album, the group premiered the lead single “Borderline” via Relix Magazine, which you can hear below.
The McCoury brothers, Ronnie and Rob, were born and raised in the bluegrass tradition. The brothers spent years touring with their father, the bluegrass musician Del McCoury.
“The album definitely shows what we've evolved into as a band. And, it's a pretty good representation of what's happening with the whole genre,” Ronnie McCoury said. “The old bluegrass material is something I love but it's been done many times. We're forging ahead with our own sound. That's what you have to do to make it all work.”
Listen to “Borderline” below.
The University of Toronto's St. George campus is one of the city's largest greenhouse gas emitters, polluting more than the Redpath sugar refinery, a federal government database shows.But the university and two environmental groups warned that a facility's annual emissions alone don't offer much insight into its environmental record.“The size of the emitter doesn't tell you that much about whether they're good or bad,” said Keith Brooks, Environmental Defence's programs director.“The real question is how efficient they are,” said Franz Hartmann, the executive director of the Toronto Environmental Alliance, in a separate interview.In 2015 the downtown campus produced 92 kilotonnes of greenhouse gases, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents.Article Continued BelowBut the campus is “basically … a city unto itself, it has a population of approximately 80,000 people a day,” said Ron Swail, who is responsible for building operations at the downtown campus and a staff of 600.Most of the campus' greenhouse gas emissions stem from its central steam plant, said Swail.The steam plant heats most of the campus' 130 buildings and a number of off-campus buildings – including the Royal Ontario Museum – through a district heating system.
NEW YORK (AP) — In the time it took to compose a 53-character tweet, Roseanne Barr went from a hero that ABC was banking upon to unemployed.
The network canceled its hit reboot of “Roseanne” Tuesday after Barr's racist tweet that referred to Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to former President Barack Obama, as a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the “Planet of the Apes.” Them agent dropped her, and other services pulled “Roseanne” reruns.
The swift developments rendered President Donald Trump at least temporarily mum.
Trump, who reveled in the success of “Roseanne” after Barr's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency, made no mention of the firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee on Tuesday evening.
“We have a lot bigger things going on in the country right now, certainly, that the president is spending their time on,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Jarrett, a black woman who said they were “fine” after the slur, urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment. They said that Robert Iger, chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co., called to apologize and told them before it became public that the show was being canceled.
“Tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” Jarrett said. “But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter, engaging in a series of tweets late Tuesday that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the “Roseanne” cancellation, expressing remorse they were being branded a racist, and also retweeting posts that attacked ABC and a meme that included Jarrett.
The supporters' tweets included posts that criticized ABC, “The View” co-host Joy Behar and ESPN's Keith Olbermann. They later asked supporters not to defend them
“I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me,” Barr wrote. “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.”
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday, including from many who helped make their show successful.
The executive producer of “Roseanne,” which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television's second most popular comedy, said they supported ABC's decision.
“Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us,” said Tom Werner. “It represented the work of hundreds of talented people. I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.”
ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from Channing Dungey, the network's entertainment president, who called it “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.”
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment, and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network. But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr's tweet.
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter, and that's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend. They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was “Chelsea Soros Clinton,” implying they were married to a nephew of Soros. Clinton themselves corrected Barr online. Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr's statements about Soros, although not the remark about Jarrett.
Jarrett's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory. Barr tweeted: “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.”
Three weeks earlier, “Roseanne” was the toast of ABC's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers. Dungey's boss, network chief Ben Sherwood, even joked then: “If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention ‘Roseanne,' you're welcome.”
“Roseanne” earned an estimated $45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March, according to Kantar Media. The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $60 million, with more through repeat episodes.
One of the few network shows about a working-class family, “Roseanne” attracted 25 million viewers to its first show back in March. Many conservative commentators — and the president themselves — attributed at least some of that success to the lead character's backing of Trump.
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history, said David Bianculli, professor at Rowan University in New Jersey. The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing “Lou Grant” at its peak, which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs.
But “Roseanne” was different, they said.
“It's like taking off ‘All in the Family' or ‘I Love Lucy' or Andy Griffith at their zenith,” they said.
There was also CBS' firing of Charlie Sheen from “Two and a Half Men” during their bizarre spate of behavior. Sheen, for one, saw an opportunity in Tuesday's events.
“Good riddance,” they tweeted about the “Roseanne” cancellation. “Hashtag NOT Winning. The runway is now clear for OUR reboot.”
F1: Top 5 Unusual F1 Podium Ceremonies, bet you never knew!
Tanya Kumar FOLLOW TOP CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 159 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:14 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
F1 Grand Prix of Monaco
Podium ceremonies in Formula 1 are generally straight-forward. The top three race finishers are allowed onto a raised platform for the national anthems to be played. After that, the drivers along with the winning constructor team's representative, spray and drink the champagne.
A Grand Prix is incomplete without a rostrum celebration. Most of the fans watching a race in person, prefer rushing to gather below the podium and more often than not, race viewers all over the world do not switch off their television screens before the festivities are over.
The trend to shower onlookers with champagne was started by Dan Gurney after they won the 1967 24 Hours of Le Mans. It quickly caught on and has now become a given for celebrating on the F1 rostrum. Albeit, the champagne has occasionally been replaced by sparking rosewater, orange juice or even local beer in the case of Gilles Villeneuve emerging victorious during their home race in 1978.
While the celebration styles change with each racer's personality, it is uncommon for the sport to stray much from the tried and tested script of podium ceremonies. However, sometimes things don't go as planned. Let's have a look at some of the most unusual podium ceremonies in the history of Formula One:
#5 Unopened champagne bottles
1986 Brazilian Grand Prix podium
It is common practice to have the champagne bottles opened prior to being handed over to the drivers on the podium. It helps the drivers to get straight into celebration mode after the formalities have been done away with.
During the 1986 Brazilian Grand Prix, the drivers were given bottles with the cork tightly intact. Once the national anthem stopped playing, the trio of Ayrton Senna, Jacques Laffite, and Nelson Piquet, were baffled to find out that they were supposed to work hard before they could enjoy the bubbly.
After fiddling with the bottles for a little while, the drivers were finally able to spray the sparkling liquid onto each other and the fans. The small mistake on the part of the organizers brought about a few chuckles but the podium finishers quickly resumed the festivities.
The Niger State Investment Summit was held in Minna ,Niger State today.
In attendance were several dignitaries including the Ag President Osinbajo,tow former Heads of State,Olusegun Obasanjo and Abdulsalami Abubakar amongst others
Photos:Novo Isioro
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):A group of international students belonging to various educational institutions of Indonesia, Malaysia, Italy and Singapore have visited the Pakistan High Commission for Singapore under the
Model ASEM Singapore Spinoff 2017.
According to a message received here Monday, High Commissioner, Nasrullah Khan who is also Pakistan's Asia Europe Foundation (ASEF) Governor, gave a comprehensive briefing to the students on Pakistan- Singapore bilateral relations. They were also informed about the daily operations and working of the different Wings of the High Commission. The briefing was followed by a lively discussion/ Question-Answer session. The High Commissioner was assisted by Ms. Nighat Shah, Press Counsellor, during the briefings.
The students showed keen interest in Pakistan's views/position on various domestic and international issues. They appreciated the briefings which provided a clearer understanding of the working of the Diplomatic Mission and ground realities in Pakistan.
Model ASEM is a political simulation of the ASEM Foreign Ministers' Meeting where students enhance their diplomacy, negotiation, consensus-building and public-speaking skills through role-play, research, case-studies and practical trainings.
ASEF is a non- profit, intergovernmental organization which strengthens relations between Asia and Europe. To further promote the awareness and visibility of ASEM among the young people, ASEF encourages and supports youth and student organizations in Asia and Europe to organize small-scale Model ASEM spin-off activities on a local level and for their community.
The students who visited the Pakistan High Commission were Muhammad Rizal Saanun
Universitas Muhammadiyah Yogyakarta Indonesia, Ms. Alessandra Thi Mandelli University of Milan Italy, Ms. Aw Yong Wei Li National University of Singapore Malaysia, Mr. Chayakorn Suwannachot DISTED College, Penang Malaysia, Ms.Nur Maisarah Bte Mohammad Wizan National University of Singapore , Mr. Matthew Low Jing Wen National University of Singapore.
Great strides forwards... and backwards.
The saying one step forward, two steps back exists for a reason, much to the disappointment of Star Wars fans.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe. Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
The 2015 release of Star Wars Battlefront was widely criticised for placing too much focus on its flawed multiplayer and inexplicably ignoring single player altogether.
Well I can happily report that DICE have addressed that issue and taken a real step forward with a solid and enjoyable single player campaign in Battlefront 2.
In fact with a focus on single player, making its blasters and weapons feel vastly superior to the first game and a much-improved roster of Star Wars characters then it has to be said SWB2 is a sequel which improves upon its predecessor in some major ways.
Fourteen beautiful crafted maps set across the entire 40-year history of the series and what's not to like?
That's where the two steps back come in.
Anyone who has read up elsewhere on the game will undoubtedly already know this but unfortunately there is no getting away from it, the terrible progression system and disjointed storytelling are huge setbacks.
As I have touched on the game is visually stunning, there is an exciting scope of online battles and impressive set-pieces in the single-player campaign (which just by virtue of existing is an improvement on the last game).
The Starfighter Assault makes for some memorable Star Wars battle action and the controls play their part too.
But the rage-inducing complexity of the progression system in multiplayer is exacerbated by convoluted and cumbersome menus and poor tutorials.
Predictable twists make the story feel cheap but then the same accusation could be leveled at the classic films themselves.
There is also too much emphasis on the random loot drops and microtransactions which has sparked a lot of criticism elsewhere and rightly so.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe.
There is more content, a single-player campaign (although it does feel strange praising a game for the inclusion of this!) and superb graphics and sound. But it is all counterbalanced - rather ironically - by the progression system which is regressive in terms of the overall SWB2 experience.
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office called on Friday on Myanmar authorities to release two detained Reuters journalists, a day after they were denied bail.
“We repeat the calls for their immediate release and for the charges to be dropped,” U.N. human rights spokesperson Rupert Colville told a Geneva news briefing. “We are alarmed at the serious erosion of freedom of expression in Myanmar.”
Barça's Busquets blames tactics, fitness for Paris nightmare
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 05:28 IST
Football Soccer - Paris St Germain v Barcelona - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 First Leg - Parc Des Princes, Paris, France - 14/2/17 Barcelona's Gerard Pique, Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets look dejected Reuters / Christian Hartmann Livepic
By Richard Martin
(Reuters) - Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets has criticised their tactical and physical frailties after a 4-0 thrashing at Paris St Germain in the last 16 left them on the brink of their earliest Champions League exit in a decade.
The five-times European champions were crushed in every aspect of the first-leg clash by Unai Emery's side, suffering their heaviest defeat in Europe since 2013 and under coach Luis Enrique, who appeared ruffled in front of the media.
"They (PSG) played much better than us and they overwhelmed us physically," Busquets told Catalan television network TV3.
"They pressed us harder, they were much better tactically than us, they had a plan and executed it how they wanted to and they were the better team".
The midfielder also appeared to criticise the team's preparation for the game, adding: "We expected something else but that's what can happen. We hope to be able to turn things around at the Nou Camp but I can't lie, it's very difficult."
Luis Enrique cut an uneasy figure in an interview with TV3 which they cut short, saying: "Stop looking for more reasons. This is my responsibility and I hope you use the same tone now we have lost as when we win."
In their news conference, Luis Enrique said their side were utterly outplayed although they rejected suggestions they had not prepared their players properly for the high pressing game PSG carried out to perfection.
"We weren't surprised at all, we had spoken about their pressing before the game but that doesn't mean you can overcome it. We lost so many individual duels. PSG played as we expected and played at their best and we did not," they said.
"It's pretty simple. Our opponents were better than us with and without the ball. They won battles, they were more effective and the result clearly reflects what happened. I don't think I have to give a huge explanation to Barça fans."
Luis Enrique gave midfielder Andres Iniesta their first start for a month after their recovery from an ankle injury alongside Busquets who had also only recently returned from a layoff while Gerard Pique had just come back after a muscle injury.
"We had players that had just recovered but I don't want to individualise, now is not the time. I have every confidence in my players, it's time to talk about coaches and I assume full responsibility for this as always," added Luis Enrique.
"The players are the same ones that have won on other days."
(Reporting by Richard Martin in Barcelona; Editing by Ken Ferris)
BY PHONG LY
The Iowa Senate approved legislation on Feb. 28 that would prevent physicians from performing abortions after a fetal heartbeat is detected. The measure was approved 30-20 and then headed to the House of Representatives, where it faces an uncertain future.
On March 15, there was a hearing centered on the proposed bill at the Iowa Capitol. The hearing came at the request of Democrats on the House Human Resources Committee. The committee voted 12-9 for the “fetal heartbeat” amendment.
Paige McCaslin, a biology major at Drake, hopes this bill doesn't become law because they think it will be taking away a lot of women's rights.
“Abortion is something that I believe women should have the choice to have,” McCaslin said. “If they make it illegal, a lot of people will then resolve to unsafe abortion, which could cost them their lives.”
According to The Cedar Rapids Gazette, the sponsor of this bill, Sen. Amy Sinclair, R-Allerton, said this bill gets at the very heart and soul of what it means to be an American and what it means to be a person.
The legislation says that, except in cases of medical emergency, a physician cannot perform an abortion in Iowa unless a pregnant woman has been tested to determine if a fetal heartbeat can be detected. A heartbeat can be detected as early as six weeks into a pregnancy.
“This bill makes it almost impossible for people to get an abortion because a lot of the time a heartbeat can start very early, and a lot of the time that is before a woman even knows that (she is) pregnant,” McCaslin said.
A doctor who performs an abortion after a fetal heartbeat has been detected and without a medical emergency could be charged with a Class D felony and punished with up to five years of imprisonment and a $7,500 fine. There would be no penalty for the woman.
Michael Cooper, an actuarial science major at Drake, believes abortion is just a way for people to not have to deal with the consequences of their bad choices.
“People ought to learn from their life decisions, the baby should not be killed just because of the lack of discipline of the person that now is bearing them,” Cooper said. “Two wrongs do not make a right.”
Cooper calls themselves a “miracle child.” They said that they were projected to be diagnosed with autism during their mother's pregnancy and that their birth could have been fatal to both themselves and their mom.
“My parents wanted me regardless of me having autism or not,” Cooper said. “I was their child and their responsibility because I had my own heartbeat. I am alive today, and I have blessed this world tremendously with talents, love and compassion.”
They believe that it is no one's prerogative to declare there is no hope for a child in entering the world.
“Where there is a beating heart, there is life, and where there is life, there is always hope,” Cooper said.
On the other hand, first-year Azal Ashfaq is not in favor of the proposed bill. They said the bill is implying that women are not smart or educated enough to know what's good for themselves.
“Taking away a woman's right to make a valid decision when it comes to their body is unethical,” Ashfaq said. “Imagine the woman who gets a cancer diagnosis and must decide between continuing the pregnancy or life-saving chemotherapy.”
Ashfaq stated that abortion can be life-saving and that it must be accessible when needed.
Associating themselves as anti-abortion, junior Oliver Glance thinks that the bill will be passed.
“I think there are unique scenarios where to save the mother's life, abortion should be considered, but I do believe it's murder,” Glance said.
Sinclair said the bill isn't a war on women, but not passing this bill would be the true war on women.
Iowa Democrats publicly denounced this legislation, saying it is “unconstitutional,” “extreme” and “dangerous,” according to the Des Moines Register. The vote sends it to the Iowa House, where Republicans hold a 59-41 majority and have a similar measure moving through the process.
An ankle injury that limited Raptor Serge Ibaka in Game 1 puts their availability for Tuesday's Game 2 in question. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Into the deadly serious NBA playoffs, DeMar DeRozan injects a bit of levity. Trying to explain the mystifying fact that their Toronto Raptors have been chronically slow starters, the all-star guard likened their team to a recalcitrant old automobile. “You ever have an old Regal?” DeRozan wondered on Monday afternoon. “You've got to start up and sit there for a while before you pull off, and you go on a little road trip but once you get going, your car feels like a 2016 Lexus or something. “I think that's just kind of our problem. I don't know. It's something we have to be better with.” The Raptors have been chronically slow off the mark for years — “I think it is our DNA,” coach Dwane Casey said — but they have also found a way back most nights. They rallied from at least 10 points down in 29 of their 51 regular-season wins. They were the most potent fourth-quarter team in the league, and it's one of those inexplicable happenstances.
Article Continued Below
They trailed the Milwaukee Bucks by eight points after one quarter of Game 1, but led by seven just 30 seconds into the third quarter. It was a fourth-quarter swoon that got them, not a slow start. It's just one of those things. “We have looked at the numbers, the stats, the rotations, the matchups, the groups that were in there, and there is no consistent statistic or number or group,” Casey said.
“Just some guys, it takes a little longer to get their bones going and bodies moving. I think that is our DNA, unfortunately. It's fortunate and unfortunate. It's fortunate we do have the fight and the grit and the grime to fight back, but sometimes it jumps up and bites you in the behind if you don't get all the way back.” Whether the Raptors start the same group in Tuesday night's Game 2 as they did in the opener is at least a bit in doubt as Serge Ibaka tries to get through the pain of an ankle they tweaked on Saturday. Ibaka landed on the foot of Bucks big man Giannis Antetokounmpo after taking a shot, finished the game mainly on adrenaline and hasn't done much gym work since. They did not practice fully on Monday and will see how they feel after Tuesday morning's game-day shootaround. “It would be tough (to play if the game was on Monday),” Ibaka said. “Don't really think so. But I've been there before. This is not the first time I've sprained an ankle. I've been there before, so things can be changed. (Tuesday) I can be 100 per cent.” Ibaka, who has only been with the Raptors for half a season, is as perplexed as anyone about the starts, too. “I don't know why because what I saw from guys, every time before the game, everybody is ready, everybody is (motivated) . . . like even today, people are here earlier, working hard to get ready for tomorrow, and then when it comes to the game this kind of things happen. “Even for myself, sometimes I ask myself why . . . I don't really know. Maybe you guys from outside can tell us.”
The thing to keep in mind as negotiations begin on Wednesday between Canada, the U.S. and Mexico to renegotiate the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), is that this will be a marathon, not a sprint.
And that in the course of these negotiations there will be political grandstanding by all sides, ups, downs, veiled threats, overt threats and possibly dramatic walkouts for effect.
We agree with Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland that, as they told The Canadian Press: "I think we all do need to be prepared for some moments of drama. We should just see that as an expected part of any trade negotiations."
The biggest factor suggesting a positive outcome, especially between Canada and the U.S., is that, while there will always be trade irritants, our trading relationship under NAFTA has been fair for both countries.
The proof of that is that while the U.S. has the world's largest trade deficit -- $502 billion in goods in 2016, which U.S. President Donald Trump is understandably concerned about -- only $11 billion of that was with Canada.
That's a tiny amount given that our two-way trade in goods with the U.S. last year was $545 billion.
In some years, Canada finishes slightly ahead of the game and in other years the U.S. does, when it comes to the trade deficit.
Among the five largest trading relationships the U.S. has with foreign countries -- China, Canada, Mexico, Japan and Germany, its trade deficit with Canada is the smallest by far.
That suggests we have a balanced trading relationship.
Further, while all countries claim to be free traders, all are hypocrites to some extent.
Canada, for example, says it supports free trade, but going into these negotiations has also said it is determined to defend our supply management system, which drives up the cost of dairy products for Canadian consumers.
But Canada isn't the only offender. All countries, including the U.S., subsidize and protect certain industries.
The bottom line is that Canada-U.S. trade isn't broken, so it shouldn't take a great deal of work to fix it, if both sides are prepared to be reasonable.
Given the importance of trade to both of our countries, we expect they will be.
Hertha, Schalke made to sweat in German Cup first round
by Reuters News 15 Aug 2017, 03:00 IST
Soccer Football - Hansa Rostock v Hertha Berlin - DFB Cup First Round - Rostock, Germany - August 14, 2017 Hertha Berlin's Mitchell Weiser celebrates scoring their first goal REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN (Reuters) - Hertha Berlin needed late goals from Mitchell Weiser and Vedad Ibisevic to overcome third division Hans Rostock 2-0 away in the German Cup first round on Monday with the game interrupted by crowd trouble.
Weiser broke the deadlock with a thundering shot from just inside the box in the 88th minute after two interruptions, including one of 15 minutes late in the second half when the visiting Hertha fans lit flares in the stands and fired some towards the home supporters' tribune.
Rostock fans responded by burning Hertha banners as the game looked on the brink of being abandoned.
Ibisevic tapped in Hertha's second goal in stoppage time.
Schalke 04's Ukrainian Yevhen Konoplyanka also scored two late goals to save their side's blushes with a 2-0 win at gutsy fourth-tier club BFC Dynamo.
Holders Borussia Dortmund advanced on Saturday with a 4-0 win away to amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen as did Bayern Munich who crushed third division hosts Chemnitz 5-0.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Ken Ferris)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - HL Science Co Ltd :
* Says it received patent on Feb. 2, for method for improving osteoarthritis of complex extracts of Eucommia Bark, Granati fructus and Achyranthis Radix having anti-inflammatory effect by inhibition of Cox2, PEG2, protective effect of cartilage by inhibition of MMP-2, 9, and effect of cartilage regeneration by increased synthesis of type II collagen
* Patent number is 2016-0099616
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/qMSLdD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Source: Mugabe fitter than 50-yr-olds: Togarepi – DailyNews Live
CHIEF WRITER 13 February 2017
HARARE – Former Zanu PF youth league boss and the leader of war
collaborators Pupurayi Togarepi has thrown lavish praises on President
Robert Mugabe, who turns 93 next week, claiming that the nonagenarian is
actually fitter than most 50-year-olds.
In a wide ranging interview with the Daily News, Togarepi also rejected
suggestions that they are a member of the Team Lacoste faction that is
presumptively led by Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa.
Asked how Mugabe who is facing increased pressure from both their party and
opposition to unveil a succession plan – can revive the economy that
critics say they singlehandedly destroyed – Togarepi said the 92-year-old
has the capacity to take Zimbabwe forward.
“The president has the capacity and any delays in government there are
reasons, they are one of the strongest people I have seen.., they can run
faster than me. As far as we are concerned the choice is theirs but as cadres
we are firmly behind him.”
With some war collaborators now publicly stating their anger at the
failure by government to pay their monthly allowances as provided in the
Constitution, Togarepi urged for calm saying when people went to war they
did not do so for material reasons.
“… I am concerned we don't want to go to the extent of dumping the
revolution, we can't help ourselves but there should be calm and
discipline, we are fully behind Zanu PF and its leader as war
collaborators and we will continue …,” said Togarepi.
Recently, a group of dissatisfied war collaborators indicated that they
would not vote Zanu PF in 2018 as the ruling party has failed to honour
its obligations, however, seemingly currying favour with the
establishment, Togarepi urged their followers to give government time
considering that the economy is crumbling.
“We did not go to war to be rich but we would like to call upon government
to fulfil its promises because we are not getting younger …,” said
Togarepi, who was kicked out from Zanu PF last year on hazy allegations
and claimed that although they are on the sidelines they are not bitter.
Togarepi's successor Kudzanai Chipanga recently torched a storm when they
said Mugabe should be succeeded by their wife Grace, and also threatened to
take up arms if the youths' aspirations were not fulfilled, but the soft
spoken war collaborators' leader said democracy should be used when the
question on who will succeed Mugabe arises.
“…of course the youths are excitable and can do so many things but I
believe that energy should be channelled elsewhere. We fought during the
liberation struggle but now we will use democracy to put people in power
not arms,” said Togarepi.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
LONDON (Reuters) - The investigation into a nerve agent attack on former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter is likely to take several months as it is one of the most complex undertaken by British counterterrorism officers, police said on Monday.
“This is one of the largest and most complex investigations undertaken by British counterterrorism policing,” the Metropolitan Police said in a statement. British counterterrorism police were involved in investigating five major attacks last year.
“The investigation is highly likely to take many months,” the statement said.
For centuries tales have circulated concerning children brought up in the wild by animals such as wolves, apes and even sheep. Many have been found to be apocryphal or outright hoaxes. A number of such accounts, however, continue to intrigue. They indicate that, just possibly, people can be raised in – or revert to – a distinctly wild form of lifestyle. Sir Kenelm Digby, one of the Royal Society's founders, was the first to mention the case of Jean de Liège, in 1644, having interviewed at length those who had met the boy a few years earlier.
As a child living in Belgium, and during a period of warfare, Jean took to the woods with fellow villagers. When the fighting moved elsewhere, the villagers returned home; however, Jean remained in hiding and out of human contact for approximately sixteen years. In the wild, their senses supposedly sharpened to an astonishing degree. They could smell “wholesome fruits or roots” at an incredible distance. And when they were captured at the age of about twenty-one, they were “all overgrown with hair,” and incapable of speech. Later, after having been placed into human society, they reportedly learned to talk. It's highly unlikely, though, that living in the wild would cause a person to become “overgrown” with hair. In fact, there is no evidence to suggest that such a thing could happen. Nevertheless, that aspect of the saga continues to persist. Perhaps, in view of that unlikely angle, this is a distorted tale of a child with hypertrichosis, a rare condition which can cause the body and face to become covered in hair.
Similarly, Nicholas Tulp, a doctor from the Netherlands, described an Irish “sheep-boy” in 1672. “There was brought to Amsterdam a youth of 16 years, who being lost perhaps by their parents and brought up from their cradle amongst the wild sheep of Ireland, had acquired a sort of ovine nature,” recorded Tulp. “He was rapid in body, nimble of foot, of fierce countenance, firm flesh, scorched skin, rigid limbs, with retreating and depressed forehead, rude, rash, ignorant of fear, and destitute of all softness; in other respects sound and in good health. Being without human voice they bleated like a sheep, and being averse to the food and drink we are accustomed to, they chewed grass only and hay, and that with the same choice as the most particular sheep.”
In the United States, according to legend, in the early part of the nineteenth century a “Wolf Girl” roamed the banks of the Devil's River near Del Rio, southwest Texas. The girl's mother had died in childbirth, and their father, John Dent, was killed in a thunderstorm while riding for help. “The child was never found, and the presumption was that they had been eaten by wolves near the Dents' isolated cabin,” wrote Barry Lopez in their book Of Wolves and Men. Lopez said that a boy living at San Felipe Springs in 1845 had reported seeing several wolves and “a creature, with long hair covering its features, that looked like a naked girl,” attacking a herd of goats.
A hunt commenced and on the third day the girl was duly cornered in a canyon. A wolf with them was driven off and finally shot when it attacked the hunting party. The girl was then bound and taken to the nearest ranch, where they were untied and locked in a room. That evening, however, a large number of wolves, apparently attracted by the girl's loud, mournful and incessant howling, approached the ranch. The domestic stock subsequently panicked, and in the confusion the girl succeeding in making good them escape.
According to Lopez, the girl vanished for seven years. In 1852, a surveying crew exploring a new route to El Paso allegedly saw them on a sandbar on the Rio Grande, far above its confluence with Devil's River. “She was with two pups. After that, they were never seen again.”
Do such “humanimals” still roam the darker corners of the United States and elsewhere? Perhaps, based upon the accounts cited above, we would be wise to keep an open mind on that particularly controversial question. The wild ones may still be with us.
Pampore, IOK
Funeral prayers in absentia were held in Pampore for five slain civilians and two local militants killed in Ganowpora and Chaigund villages of Shopian recently.
Mirwaiz Moulana Riyaz Hamdani led the prayers amid pro-freedom slogans by people.
Witnesses said that hundreds of people assembled in the lawns of Khankah-e-Moula Pampore after the Fridayprayers to offer the funeral prayers.
Three civilians were killed after army opened fire on protesters in Ganowpora village on January 27. Another civilian Shakir Ahmad Mir was killed on January 24 near gunfight site in Chaigund village in which two militants were killed.
A 10-year-old boy Musharaff Fayaz died on Thursday at SKIMS after they were injured in an explosion on January 25 from a live explosive retrieved from the debris at gunfight site.
Scores of youths took a peaceful protest rally to Namblabal Chowk in Pampore and raised pro-freedom and anti-India slogans.
Local sources said that hundreds of youth also held a protest demonstration at Astan Chowk Namblabal and tried to march towards Khrew chowk Drangbal amid slogans, but were intercepted by police after which demonstration dispersed peacefully.—KMS
Michigan's Tarik Black is part of a talented group of first-year student receivers for the Wolverines. (Photo: Carlos Osorio / Associated Press)
True freshmen will play a big role for Michigan and Michigan State when the college football season begins next month.
At least two could be among the best in the Big Ten.
Michigan receiver Tarik Black and Michigan State cornerback Josiah Scott are among eight “impact” true freshmen in the Big Ten, listed Monday by Scout's Allen Trieu, who is also a contributor for The Detroit News.
Black is part of a talented group of first-year student receivers that includes five-star first-year student Donovan Peoples-Jones from Detroit Cass Tech, and already has drawn raves from coach Jim Harbaugh.
“Michigan has a dynamic group of true first-year student receivers coming in,” Trieu writes, “and the expectations are quickly becoming that three, if not all four of them will see the field in some capacity this fall. However, it is Black who we think is the smart money to start when the Wolverines take on Florida on Sept 2.  They are not the athletic freak Donovan Peoples-Jones is, or the towering presence Nico Collins is, but they do have good size at 6-foot-3, 208 pounds, polished technical skills and has shown an ability to go up and win jump balls in camp.”
Scott, meanwhile, already has drawn comparisons to former MSU star and current Bengals cornerback Darqueze Dennard from coach Mark Dantonio. Scott is a three-star recruit from Fairfield, Ohio, while Dennard was a two-star recruit out of Georgia.
“Mark Dantonio named seven true freshmen they think could play this fall,” Trieu wrote. “Scott was not one of them, but that is likely because they were already there in the spring, had an excellent spring game in which they recorded an interception, and Dantonio had already said at Big Ten Media Days that Scott was established as a starter. Heady and technically sound coming out of high school, those qualities along with Scott's competitiveness have earned them the spot.”
Michigan and Michigan State each open their season Sept. 2. Michigan takes on Florida in Arlington, Texas, while Michigan State plays host to Bowling Green in East Lansing.
WWE/MMA News: Brock Lesnar informs UFC of their retirement from MMA
The Beast Incarnate has retired from Mixed Martial Arts.
@SGCWrestling by Simon Cotton Breaking 15 Feb 2017, 06:34 IST
Brock Lesnar's UFC Carerr has Come to an End
MMA Fighting reports that WWE Superstar and UFC fighter Brock Lesnar notified UFC and informed the MMA company that they will be retiring from competition in the Octagon. Lesnar has made no formal announcements of their retirement, but a UFC spokesperson confirmed that their retirement is legitimate.
USADA spokesperson Ryan Madden stated that Lesnar was removed from the USADA drug testing pool; signifying they are no longer officially on the UFC roster. Last week, it was also reported that Lesnar was removed from the UFC's unofficial online roster.
Lesnar retired from MMA in 2011 following their fight with Alistair Overeem at UFC 141. Lesnar's retirement was prompted by their battle with diverticulitis which led to their eventual return to the WWE in 2012. In 2015, they were debating whether they should stay with the WWE or return to the UFC, but decided to re-sign with the WWE and remain a professional wrestler.
In June 2016, news broke out that Lesnar would be coming out of retirement for UFC 200 on July 9, 2016. Lesnar would then go on to defeat Mark Hunt via unanimous decision after gaining the advantage in 1st and 3rd rounds of their bout.
After their fight, the results of the pre-fight drug test for Lesnar revealed they had tested positive for a banned substance which led to the result of their fight with Hunt being overturned and ruled a No Contest coupled with a one-year suspension and $250,000 fine from the Nevada Athletic Commission. The US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) would issue Lesnar a one-year sanction following their failed drug test and would issue the following press release regarding the requirements for a suspended fighter to return to the Octagon.
“Pursuant to the UFC Anti-Doping Policy, all UFC athletes serving a period of ineligibility for an anti-doping policy violation are required to remain in the USADA registered testing pool and make themselves available for testing in order to receive credit for time served under their or their sanction. Furthermore, if an athlete retires during their or their period of ineligibility, the athlete's sanction will be tolled until such time the athlete notifies USADA of their or their return from retirement and once again makes them or themselves available for no-advance-notice, out-of-competition testing.”
Many people have been speculating what Lesnar's future would be in the UFC since they were suspended by them last year. While some assumed they would distance themselves from MMA, there was still a possibility that Lesnar could return to the Octagon once their suspension ended until now.
Lesnar retires from MMA with a record of 5 wins and 3 losses and 1 overturned victory after 5 years of active competition.
Now that Lesnar's UFC career is officially done, fans of The Beast Incarnate will have to tune into Monday Night Raw and pay-per-views on the WWE Network in order to see one of the biggest draws in the history of combat sports.
Their next wrestling match will be against WCW Legend Bill Goldberg and will take place at Camping World Stadium in Orlando, Florida on April 2nd, 2017 at WrestleMania 33.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage mum and dad let rats bite their newborn baby's head and face more than 100 times.
The young pair have been jailed after letting their 15-day-old girl suffer so many injuries from the rodents they had to undergo extensive reconstruction surgery on their skull.
Social workers who visited the unnamed baby's home also found their cot filled with blood.
There were bloody rat footprints throughout the rundown property and a blanket that was soaked in blood.
I parents Erica Shyrock, 19, and Charles Elliot, 18, admitted using crystal meth and K2 in the days before the rat attack .
(Image: Columbia County sheriff)
(Image: Columbia County sheriff)
The parents, from Arkansas, were abused as kids themselves and ended up in care.
Both Shryock and Elliott were sentenced to five years in prison.
They will be eligible for parole after 304 days and begin their terms with 293 days already served.
It's likely the two will be released from custody within 30 days, defense attorney Joseph Churchwell said.
"It's as good as we were going to get," Churchwell said in an interview after the court hearing.
Their defense attorney Joseph Churchwell told Arkansas Online : ‘They should have never been allowed to leave the hospital with the baby when they were born.
Churchwell said. “This is DHS' [Department of Human Services] fault. Why did they wait until this baby's face was chewed on by rats?'
The baby, who was born prematurely and weighed a little more than 4 pounds at birth, has now been adopted.
MANILA (Reuters) - State-run China Telecom Corp could become the Philippines' third telecoms player, officials of the Southeast Asian nation said on Sunday, as the government looks to stir up competition in an effort to boost notoriously poor services.
The logo of China Telecom is pictured at its booth during an expo in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China July 27, 2017. Picture taken July 27, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte last month offered China the “privilege” of challenging a longstanding duopoly that has frustrated consumers because of slow and intermittent internet and mobile phone services.
“The Chinese government selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines upon invitation by President Duterte during the bilateral meeting last Nov. 16,” Eliseo Rio, secretary of the Department of Information and Communications Technology, told Reuters.
Chinese companies cannot operate alone in the Philippines and would need to partner with a local company.
The government is now looking at who will partner with China Telecom on a 60-40 basis, Rio said.
China Telecom, one of China's top three state-backed telecommunications firms, said on Monday that no deal has been reached yet.
“China Telecom is currently having a preliminary study on the investment opportunity in the Philippines and no concrete plan has been determined yet,” a China Telecom spokesperson told Reuters.
The Philippine constitution's 40 percent cap on foreign ownership of domestic telecoms companies has kept interest from multinationals at bay in the market of more than 100 million people. Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said the state-owned Chinese company should partner with a reputable Philippines company with an existing telecoms franchise.
“The government is fast-tracking this because consumers are getting annoyed with dropped calls and slow internet connections,” Andanar said in a radio interview on Sunday.
Also seeking to be a major player is Philippine Telegraph & Telephone Corp, which had said it was talking with China Telecom and Datang Telecom about strategic partnerships to challenge the nation's dominant duo of PLDT Inc and Globe Telecom Inc.
Kerala Chief Minister lauds Kerala Kings, champions of T10 cricket league T10 offers attractive remuneration and perks for cricket players The...
It's too early to celebrate the possible victory of Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa in the upcoming conference of the ANC that starts at the end of this week.
Numbers can lie.
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma (NDZ) appears to be a Gupta stooge and defender of a Jacob Zuma dynasty. whereas ordinary South Africans view Ramaphosa as a person who can salvage the economy and who is not necessarily "captured ANC".
From the beginning, Zuma has been clear that they support their ex-wife.
Surprisingly, the number of branches that prefer Dlamini-Zuma is close to those of frontrunner Ramaphosa.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Latest on the NFL Honors (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at their position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in their first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Updated December 11, 2017 6:04 AM
We had a great time, but a new guy died. What do we do now?
Between 2000 and 2015, at least 57 fraternity members have died, usually while being hazed — a secret night of torture that makes you belong, leading, they say, to a career in a bank or law firm and perhaps marriage into a wealthy family. The “brothers” will take care of you.
But the frat system is doing more harm than good. Defenders suggest that, compared with other death tolls, 57 is not a big number. They overlook that every human life is precious and some die because universities responsible for the intellectual and moral development of every student have failed.
The Atlantic, Time and The New York Times Magazine have published stories of cases at Penn State and Baruch College, and Texas State, Florida State, Louisiana State and Michigan. Their fraternities are out of control.
In 2015, five members of Pi Delta Psi were charged with assault, conspiracy and third-degree murder of Michael Deng, a student at Baruch College. In December 2013, “brotherhood” candidates had been pushed through “hell week” — deprived of sleep, made to do push-ups, forced to carry loads of bricks or bowling balls.
Finally, at a rented house in the Poconos, their masculinity was tested by an outdoor battle in which the blindfolded pledge was bombarded with racial slurs and forced to run through two lines, be beaten and knocked down. One frat member hit Deng, 18, so hard they could not get up. Unconscious, their body was carried inside, stripped and placed near the fireplace. None of the three dozen brothers would call 911. At 6:42 a.m., they were driven to the hospital. Deng died the next day. In May, four frat members pleaded guilty to lesser charges, and last month, the fraternity was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
In the case of Tim Piazza of Penn State, they arrived at Hershey Medical Center with a lacerated spleen and traumatic brain injuries. Piazza, 19, had fallen down the stairs during hazing, but the members waited nearly 12 hours before calling 911. Security cameras had recorded the evening. The evidence helped a grand jury compile the report that said the fraternity brothers “delayed seeking medical treatment and cleaned up traces of a wild party.” Last month, prosecutors announced new charges, bringing the number of fraternity members charged to 26.
According to The Atlantic, universities will claim that hazing is forbidden. But 80 percent of fraternity members report being hazed.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Universities regularly declare that they will reform the frats. They suspend some for a few years, but in the long run that solves nothing. Why won't institutions take responsibility for so many deaths? Probably because the presidents do not want to offend alumni and board members blinded by nostalgic affection for their undergraduate social lives. They fail to see that the basic elements of frat life work against the ideals of the university.
Elitism blocks relationships with would-be friends from different races and nationalities. Unlike service clubs committed to social justice, frat members end up with a short list of “brothers” just like themselves; they resort to hazing to create an artificial bond based on pain. Finally, their secrecy, they think, protects them from the consequences of misbehavior.
What to do? Redesign fraternities for public service, to have goals bigger than themselves. Each club should have a faculty mentor responsible for guidance and discipline. Members must say no to hazing; a violator should be expelled from the school. At large parties, the mentor and a security officer would be present. The president should visit the houses regularly and take responsibility when a student dies. Then perhaps they or they should resign.
The Rev. Raymond A. Schroth, a former Fordham University professor, is editor emeritus at America magazine.
It's an annual tradition for LeBron James: The NBA Finals
It's an annual tradition for LeBron James: The NBA Finals
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 04:55 IST 19 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — LeBron James spent Memorial Day with their kids enjoying some barbecue. Once the grill got turned off, the television went on and they tuned in to study Game 7 of the Western Conference finals.
Golden State at Houston.
James had no doubt who would win.
"Going against the Warriors in the last three years in the finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done," James said. "Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured that they could make it happen. Just their championship DNA."
They were right. And Warriors-Cavs IV now awaits.
The NBA Finals are now as much a part of James' calendar each year as birthdays and holidays. He's always there, now eight consecutive years and counting, the last four of those with the Warriors standing in the way of James and their Cleveland Cavaliers. Game 1 is Thursday night, and even with James playing at absurd levels the Cavs find themselves as significant underdogs.
James is averaging 34 points, 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists in these playoffs. Anything less than that, and he'd have a lot more time for those barbecues with their kids. And in this series, even more might be required if he's to win their fourth ring in the past seven years.
"He doesn't walk around acting like he's carrying a team, like he's carrying an organization," Cavaliers guard Kyle Korver said. "He doesn't walk around like that. I mean, they know he's LeBron James, and they know who they are. But he's really for all of their teammates. He's always talking to guys, trying to help them get better. He's a really great leader."
That's one of the countless areas where James has gotten better — one of the countless reasons why the finals are now an annual rite for him.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr remembers watching the last Miami-San Antonio title matchup in 2014 when the Spurs basically dared James to shoot the ball from the perimeter by sliding under every screen the Heat would set for him.
The Spurs won that series in five games. They made it look easy at times, too.
"Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out," Kerr said. "I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing. But I think it is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career. It's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset."
The Warriors have more talent, by a very wide margin. They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green. They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant. They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench, or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late.
The Cavaliers have James.
That represents hope. They make the Cavs better. They even make the Warriors better.
"LeBron's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that, you've got to do it, day after day," Durant said. "A lot of people don't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day, you know what I'm saying? So that's inspiration right there. That's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well."
Once that TV went on Monday night, James locked in on this series.
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday, including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team's flight to San Francisco. Treatment and workouts on Wednesday. Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday. Then game time.
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game, they don't know what will happen in Game 1.
But he's ready. He's always ready.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
Denver Broncos outside linebacker Bradley Chubb has the second-highest rating among rookie defenders in “Madden NFL 19,” EA Sports announced.
Chubb has an 80 overall rating, second only to Chicago Bears inside linebacker Roquan Smith (who has an 81 overall rating).
Chubb has an 85 “Finesse Move” rating and an 87 for “Block Shedding.” Overall, they are the fifth-highest rated rookie in the game. Indianapolis Colts offensive guard Quenton Nelson (83), New York Giants running back Saquon Barkley (81), Cleveland Browns quarterback Baker Mayfield (81) and Smith are the only first-year players ranked above him.
Courtland Sutton, one of Chubb's new teammates, is the fourth-best rookie wide receiver in the game (75 overall). DaeSean Hamilton was not among the top-five rookie receivers and Royce Freeman was not among the top-five rookie running backs in the game.
Broncos linebacker Von Miller is one of seven players with a perfect 99 overall rating in this year's version of “Madden NFL.” The game will be available for PC, Xbox One, Xbox One X, PS4 and PS4 Pro starting at $59.99 on Aug. 10.
Local Woman Appointed To Michigan Civil Rights Commission
February 3, 2018
A local woman has been appointed to serve on the Michigan Civil Rights Commission.
Governor Rick Snyder recently announced the appointments of Alma Wheeler Smith of South Lyon, Stacie Clayton of Detroit and Ira Combs of Jackson to the Michigan Civil Rights Commission. The eight-member board protects civil rights and investigates alleged discrimination against any person. No more than four members can be from the same political party and Snyder thanked the group for their commitment to protecting the rights of Michiganders. Smith serves on the board of directors for the Regional Transit Association of Southeast Michigan, Michigan Campaign Finance Network, and Michigan Legislative Retirement System. In addition, they serve as chair of the University Bank Board.
Smith will represent Democrats and fill a vacancy created by the resignation of Deloris Hunt. Smith will serve the remainder of a four-year term expiring December 31st, 2019. Appointments are subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. (JM)
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 11 soldiers were killed and 13 wounded on Saturday in a suicide attack near an army base in northern Pakistan, officials said, in a region that was once controlled by a local faction of the Taliban.
Attacks have decreased sharply in the picturesque Swat Valley but can cause alarm in a region where Pakistani Taliban insurgents took partial control in 2007, before being ousted two years later in a major military operation hailed as an important blow against Islamist violence.
Swat was the first sizeable region outside Pakistan's lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan to fall to the militants. More than 2,000 Taliban fighters have been driven out of the region, government officials say.
The Pakistan Army's public relations wing said in a statement that the “suicide attack” in the Swat Valley took place at the “army unit sports area”.
“The soldiers were playing volleyball in the evening outside the military base...when a suicide bomber managed to blow themselves up,” said a security official who asked not to be identified.
The match was also being watched by civilians, and the casualty count could rise as a large number of people had gathered in the area, they said, adding that wounded were being shifted to a nearby military hospital.
The attack was claimed by the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, in a statement sent to the media.
“God willing Tehreek-e-Taliban has started the process of revenge attacks,” Taliban spokesperson Mohammad Khurasani said in the statement. “Wait for more (attacks) to follow.”
The military has been on alert for signs of a Taliban resurgence as it seeks to rebuild civilian institutions and win over the local population as a bulwark against radical ideology.
Since being chased out the region, the Taliban have carried out revenge attacks against anti-militancy activists and attempted to extort money from business owners in a region where Pakistan has stationed more than 4,000 soldiers.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi condemned the attack.
“No cowardly attack can deter us in pursuing our struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out,” the prime minister said in a statement.
Devoran Metals has become the first reinforcing steel company in the UK to achieve Fit for Nuclear status.
The Fit for Nuclear programme (F4N) helps UK manufacturing companies get ready to bid for work in the civil nuclear supply chain – in new build, operations and decommissioning.
In order to achieve the status, companies must measure their operations against the rigorous standards required within the nuclear industry.
Devoran Metals MD, Richard Orsman, said: “Having F4N status means we have benchmarked our performance against the standards demanded by the civil nuclear industry's top tiers.
“We are one of only two companies in the whole of Cornwall to receive F4N recognition, which is a fantastic achievement for us as we are committed to driving continuous improvement in all areas.”
Starling, the U.K. challenger bank founded by banking veteran Anne Boden, is in the early stages of raising a significant new funding round as part of plans to double down on its newly launched business current account, TechCrunch has learned.
According to a person familiar with the matter, Starling is looking to raise around £80 million in additional capital from new investors. To assist in the process, the company is hiring a new international advisory firm, pointing to an investor search that potentially goes beyond the U.K. and could include large international institutional investors. Up until now, Starling has been funded to the tune of £48 million by hedge fund manager Harald McPike, who, as a result, owns more than 50 per cent of the venture.
The need for Starling to increase its capital is thought to be related to the bank's bid to be one of the recipients of the Capability and Innovation fund, which was set up by Royal Bank of Scotland to fulfill European state aid conditions arising from the bank's £45 billion U.K. government bailout during the financial crisis. The fund will be split into different grants to help “challenger banks and other financial services providers” diversify and develop their business current account offerings for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Thought to be up against incumbents Santander, Metro Bank, Clydesdale Bank, and TSB, Starling is looking well-placed to win the £120 million “Pool A” grant, which is being decided by an independent panel — not least if the fund is to meet its remit of genuinely increasing competition within SME banking. (Starling's Boden has been quite outspoken on the matter.)
Related to this, Starling is busy recruiting a “double-digit” team for its SME banking unit. I understand from sources that executive search consultants have been engaged to work on senior hires and that this will include a new head of SME banking.
Meanwhile, Starling recently launched international payments within its consumer-facing current account, news it published on its blog and that was picked up in the fintech media. However, less well reported it that the bank has quietly dropped its previously announced partnership with fintech unicorn TransferWise.
Back in March 2017, the two companies issued a joint press release detailing the partnership that would have given Starling customers “direct, in-app access” to TransferWise's international money transfer service. The functionality was due to launch the following summer but never materialised (something that seemingly went unnoticed by most outlets). Now I understand the partnership has dissolved entirely as Starling has chosen to go it alone.
Asked what happened, TransferWise's Head of Business, Stuart Gregory, issued the following statement:
“TransferWise is working with many banks to transform international payments for their customers, with more to come in the near future. In this instance Starling have chosen another route but it's fantastic to see they've kept the price transparency of the real exchange rate and clear separate fees.”
Likewise, Starling's Boden told TechCrunch:
“Our partnership with TransferWise was always about meeting customer demands. As we developed out our payments business it became clear to us that integrating with a third party payments provider in the Starling Marketplace didn't offer the best customer experience. We figured that we could provide a better user experience by doing it ourselves. As you know, Starling is all about customer service”.
Of course it's never a good look when two companies announce with fanfare a major partnership that delivers nothing but vapourware — Starling were still briefing that it was working with TransferWise in late 2017 — even if it is perfectly reasonable for an upstart bank to switch strategy as the broader competitive climate changes. In this instance, since the original announcement, Starling has made significant headway on its own Starling Payments business, and TransferWise launched its own “borderless” banking product and debit card. Perhaps this is simply the case that partnering whilst increasing feature parity doesn't always make for happy bedfellows.
Police and emergency personnel are seen near the scene where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot during a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., on Wednesday. (Photo: Cliff Owen / AP)
Washington — Whatever the motive of the shooter at a congressional baseball practice, some Republicans say that in the era of President Donald Trump, they're being threatened like never before.
They point to a virulent backlash against Trump that they say goes beyond the bounds of moderate political dissent and — subtly or not — encourages violence.
“I've been saying, ‘What is it going to take for this to get some visibility,'” said Charlie Kirk, a young conservative activist. “And now here we are.”
During a news conference at the shooting scene Wednesday, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declined to comment about whether America's political climate could be a factor. But they said, “There's too much, I believe, raw discourse that's pulling people apart.”
The gunman, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, opened fire Wednesday on Republican lawmakers and associates practicing baseball in a Virginia suburb of Washington. A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, and several others were wounded, Scalise critically. Trump said the gunman had been killed.
Police haven't stated a motive. But Hodgkinson's strong anti-Republican stances and background as a former volunteer on Bernie Sanders campaign only added to suggestions that the shooting was politically motivated.
Such an assessment could be premature. Some initially attributed the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabby Giffords, an Arizona Democrat, to intense partisanship, though no clear motive emerged at the gunman's trial.
Speaking from the White House after the shooting, Trump called for unity and avoided singling out Democrats. Yet prominent Republicans, including Trump's children, have long been unsettled by the rage against the president. Daughter and White House adviser Ivanka Trump said in a recent television interview that they did not expect the “viciousness” and “ferocity” of their father's critics.
Donald Trump Jr. is among those arguing that “liberal hate speech” leads to violence. They tweeted support for a comment by conservative political consultant Harlan Hill: “Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our president.”
They were referring to a New York City production of “Julius Caesar” that portrays the assassinated title character looking like Trump in a business suit. That came on the heels of comedian Kathy Griffin posing with a bloodied rendering of Trump's head.
In both cases, there were consequences: lost sponsorships for the theatrical production and CNN dropping Griffin as host of its New Year's Eve special, despite their apology.
Kirk has been chronicling threats that get little attention outside conservative media.
John Griffin, a media arts and animation professor at the Art Institute of Washington, for example, commented on Facebook about the Republican health care plan, saying: “They should be lined up and shot. That's not hyperbole; blood is on their hands.”
When Kirk tweeted about the professor's threat, the University of Georgia chapter of the Young Democratic Socialists, a student group at the Athens campus, wrote, “This is absolutely outrageous! House Republicans should NOT be shot! They should be guillotined.”
Griffin later apologized on Facebook for using “inappropriate” language, but said it spoke to “the fear so many feel right now in this country.” Neither they nor the student group responded to requests for comment.
Democrats, in turn, point to Trump's rough language — they have urged on fights at their rallies — as justification for their own. And on Wednesday, House Democratic leader James Clyburn of South Carolina said plenty of Democrats have experienced the level of hatred as Republicans.
“I'm not a Republican. And I've had all kinds of threats against me and my family,” they said. “It's got nothing to do with partisan politics.”
Ben Shapiro, a conservative writer and radio show host, says the violent rhetoric from all viewpoints contributes to “worse politics in general.” But they warn it is a mistake to say that atmospherics causes any one act of violence.
“Yes, that sort of rage culture is destroying the country,” they said. What happened at the ballfield is “a symptom, but it's not the chief symptom.”
Later Wednesday, Republican Rep. Claudia Tenney of New York reported to Capitol Police that she'd received a threatening email with the subject line, “One down, 216 to go.” There were 217 Republicans who voted for a health care bill to replace President Barack Obama's plan, though the email did not explicitly refer to that bill.
This year, lawmakers, particularly Republicans, have experienced rowdy, overflowing town halls that they say border on dangerous. In previous years, Democrats found themselves targeted by angry conservative constituents.
Rep. Dave Brat, a Virginia Republican, said they have been concerned that security for members is “nothing near what it needs to be.” They said town halls now often include “a thousand people screaming, and it only takes one person off the reservation” to cause a problem.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqGMJD
ASTM's F37 committee is composed of people with technical knowledge who achieved a challenging task: Start with a blank sheet of paper and create aircraft standards for the Light-Sport Aircraft (LSA) sector.
That this group did so in just a few years on the leanest of budgets is a credit to their dedication.
These volunteers from many countries created a series of standards, one of which is the Design and Performance Standard. Following a positive ballot by committee members, all such standards have been accepted by the FAA.
For several years a subcommittee has worked to create an IFR standard that has yet to find agreement.
Until consensus can be found and to provide an interim defensive position for the committee and for manufacturers, F37 added a point to the Design and Performance Standard prohibiting use of a Special LSA for flight into IMC — that is, into clouds or no-visibility situations.
This does not prevent flight in the IFR system — filing and flying IFR into controlled airspace by qualified pilots with a current medical, assuming the LSA is properly equipped with the correct instrumentation, lighting, and powerplant.
Regardless of the ASTM committee's decision, FAA regulations governing LSA do not prevent IMC operations. This is a complex topic that will continue to stimulate debate.
For those who enjoy reading FARs, here is additional info: IFR training in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) may be conducted by qualified pilots in a Special LSA that meets the equipment requirements of 91.109, 91.205, and — for an airplane operated in controlled airspace under the IFR system — 91.411 and 91.413.
Unlike in the world of FAA Type Certified aircraft, an LSA manufacturer has ultimate authority over how their airplanes (or engines) may be used.
Before or after the ASTM committee's prohibition of flight into IMC, if a manufacturer states that it does not want its airplanes flown IFR, that's the end of it… no IFR for that brand as an SLSA.
However, any manufacturer can change its mind, amend the Pilot Operating Handbooks (and other related documents), and begin offering IFR aircraft.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, FLA.—The New York Yankees have acquired NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton from the Miami Marlins.
The Yankees announced the trade Monday, getting the slugger and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton is still owed $295 million over the final decade of their record $325 million, 13-year contract. The outfielder was to be introduced later Monday at baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season.
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade them to the New York Mets.
OKLAHOMA CITY (February 10, 2017) — Today the Oklahoma Mission of Mercy announced the results from last week's eighth annual event in Woodward, where Oklahoma Dental Association member Dr. Steven Shrader and Tamara Shrader were among dental professionals who donated services. The two-day free dental clinic for people of all ages, the Oklahoma Mission of Mercy (OkMOM) provided $1,306,907 in donated dental care. The event offered cleanings, fillings, extractions and anterior root canals at no cost to patients. Volunteers performed 10,165 dental procedures for 1,322 patients, averaging $980 of dental care per patient.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Feb 2(Reuters) - Yantai Shuangta Food Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 to decrease by 40 percent to increase by 10 percent, compared to net profit of FY 2016 (56.9 million yuan) * In the previous outlook, the company expected the net profit for FY 2017 to be 56.9 million yuan to 85.4 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Eu2yCX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Chemists use electricity to amp up drug manufacturing
Lindsey France/University Photo
Give your medicine a jolt. By using a technique that combines electricity and chemistry, future pharmaceuticals – including many of the top prescribed medications in the United States – soon may be easily scaled up to be manufactured in a more sustainable way. This new Cornell research appears in Science Aug. 11.
Currently, making pharmaceuticals involves creating complex organic molecules that require several chemical steps and intense energy. The process also spawns copious amounts of environmentally harmful – and usually toxic – waste.
At the heart of many popular pharmaceuticals are vicinal diamines, which contain carbon-nitrogen chemical bonds, a bioactive foundation for the medicine. According to Song Lin, assistant professor of chemistry, many widely consumed therapeutic agents have these diamines, including prescription-strength flu medicines, penicillin and some anti-cancer drugs.
To synthesize diamines, chemists have to employ oxidation and reduction reactions that reconfigure molecules, atoms and ions. It's an energy-intensive and chemically wasteful process. Despite technical advances, a broadly applicable approach to diamine synthesis remained elusive, Lin said.
But the laborious tasks and chemical squander can go away. Lin and their team have developed a technique that creates vicinal diamines more easily and without the toxic waste. The process uses electricity and chemistry – electrochemistry – and then employs Earth-abundant manganese.
“The current process generates a lot of waste products to make this chemical bond. When you can create a product electrosynthetically, rather than chemically, it is much more straightforward and sustainable,” Lin said.
Lindsey France/University Photo
This process has not been used extensively, as electrochemistry and organic synthesis are not taught in colleges in an integrated way. The field is at the frontier, explained Lin. “Today, however, people generally are conducting interdisciplinary research,” they said. “Scientists realize that this is a powerful way to combine things in traditionally disparate fields.”
The technique also addresses chemists' worry about the environment. “We are aiming to reduce pollution and to help our field become more sustainable, so we engage new technology for things like synthesizing pharmaceuticals,” said Lin. “We are focusing on how to get there.”
In addition to Lin as a senior author, “Metal-catalyzed Electrochemical Diazidation of Alkenes” was written by lead author postdoctoral researcher Niankai Fu, graduate student Greg Sauer, Ambarneil Saha '18 and Aaron Loo '19. Cornell laboratory startup money funded this research, and the National Science Foundation provides funding to Sauer.
Lin, along with Hector Abruña, the Emile M. Chamot Professor of Chemistry, and Abe Stroock, the William C. Hooey Director and the Gordon L. Dibble '50 Professors of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, were awarded a 2017 Academic Venture Fund grant at Cornell's Atkinson Center for a Sustainable Future, for their research earlier this summer in creating cleaner, greener medicines.
In their latest research, Andy Yan, SFU City Program director, showcases that in 2016, the percentage of Metro Vancouver homes worth more than $1 million jumped from 28% to 43%.
In previous years, Yan's data had only included Vancouver proper, but the symbolic line that once only lived between the west and east side of the city has been pushed further out, including the increasing home prices within Metro Vancouver. The 2016 assessments taken in July 2015 saw Richmond, Burnaby, North Vancouver, West Vancouver, and Vancouver combined having over 60% of homes worth at least $1 million. B.C. Assessment has cautioned that single detached homes in the regional district will be assessed 30 to 50% higher for 2017 taxes than in 2016.
According to The Province, interest rates, housing supply, the exchange rate, and the province's new interest-free loan program for first-time home buyers are all factors that could impact the continued rise of real estate cost. Likewise, Yan believes property speculation and constrained supply for single family detached housing are also at play. And while recent intervention from the government with the 15% foreign homebuyers' tax and tighter mortgage rules have slowed down the rampant housing market, there has yet to be any reflection in price.
Unfortunately, the alternatives to home ownership can be just as daunting in a city with a rental vacancy rate almost at zero. According to an article published in The Peak earlier this year, the price ceiling in B.C. for rental homes is projected to rise another 2.9% in 2017 as per the government controlled price limit.
Yan also looked at other factors that can contribute to housing affordability, such as transportation costs. There is a misconception that living further out of the city reduces living costs, a term that they quoted as “phantom affordability.”
“This idea that you can drive (further from the city) until you qualify (to buy a home) doesn't take into consideration that as home mortgages (cost less) transportation mortgages (in some areas) go up,” Yan said during an interview with The Province.
So what does this mean for millennials that hope to live anywhere in the Metro Vancouver region? According to a report by Vancity, a millennial couple between 25 and 34 years of age buying an average Vancouver home will have no discretionary income and will rack up $2,745 worth of debt per year after paying for essential expenses. Vancity also found that 61% of millennials in Metro Vancouver live at home, and 23% of those between 25 and 34 have yet to move out.
Amidst all of this insecurity, there may be a silver lining. According to the Vancouver Mayor's Office, Vancouver City Council preliminary year-end numbers show that more than 1,800 new rental units were approved in 2016, surpassing previous years, which is expected to combat the city's 0.7% vacancy rate. The city also plans to invest $80 million in the 2017 capital plan for affordable housing, the highest amount to date. It might not be too long until millennials see a difference in the housing market.
While the situation may appear bleak, municipalities are increasingly cognisant of this financial burden and 2017 will hopefully see more affordability measures put in place, particularly with the rental market. In the meantime, our parent's basements will just have to do.
Maybe Netflix is getting too big for its britches.
The company used to compare itself to HBO, with the narrative that Netflix wanted to become HBO faster than the other way around. After leaving the premium cable TV stalwart in the dust — Netflix is about to motor past 100 million subs — it has a new benchmark of bigness: YouTube.
Netflix's “viewing is very large and growing, but nowhere near as big as YouTube,” CEO Reed Hastings told analysts on Monday's quarterly call. “So we definitely have YouTube envy and we've got a lot a room to go.”
Hastings later added: “YouTube announced they were 1 billion [hours] a day, and when we looked it up we're a little over 1 billion a week. So we've got a long way to go to catch up to YouTube.”
It almost sounds like a Trump-esque vision to build the biggest (bigliest?) and flashiest thing, regardless of economic realities.
Let's start with the fact that, as the Brits say, Netflix and YouTube are chalk and cheese. Their business models, their content mix, and their user bases are vastly different. An hour of video viewed on Netflix is tied to an entirely different value structure than an hour spent on YouTube, which largely gets its content for free. Netflix is set to spend $6 billion on content in 2017 — and another $1 billion marketing it.
Sure, any digital media biz covets the billion-plus-consumer reach of Google and Facebook. But how useful — and realistic — is it to strive for that incredible level of scale? By aiming to meet or exceed YouTube's raw video tonnage, Hastings has revealed that they think the sky's the limit for Netflix.
Asked how long it would take for Netflix to hit 200 million, after reaching the 100-million milestone after a decade, Hastings chuckled and said, “Shorter than the first 10 [years], for sure.” Well, we'll find out.
Look, setting moonshot goals is important for any enterprise; Amazon is a a great case study in aiming high and sticking to a North Star. But those long-range objectives need to be the right ones. The danger is that Netflix will keep spending as if the next 100 million subs are fait accompli — and those eyeballs fail to materialize.
Netflix believes it can, eventually, have a regular cadence of original content that appeals to just about anyone on the planet. Here's Hastings again: “The thing is, everybody watches TV and nearly everybody has the internet. So I don't see anything that's going to stop Netflix from getting to most people in the United States and then eventually hopefully most people around the world.”
Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer, said on Monday's call that in Q2 the service — every week — will launch a new season of a show, a comedy special, documentary, or kids' series. “This is the idea the chance that you're going to connect with somebody and it becomes their favorite show,” Sarandos said.
It's a sensible strategy. But we're in a world with an overwhelming number of entertainment choices (“we're competing with sleep on the margin,” said Hastings). The real question is whether Netflix can cost-effectively churn out exclusive TV shows and movies that will hit the diverse tastes of a global audience. And do it every single month.
In its current long-term vision statement (last updated Jan. 18), Netflix says it is “a focused passion brand, not a do-everything brand: Starbucks, not 7-Eleven; Southwest, not United; HBO, not Dish.”
To that point, Hastings & Co. should keep in mind that the company is Netflix — not YouTube.
By SAM ZEFF
The fight is raging on in Topeka over whether to roll back a law that would let almost anyone carries a concealed gun on a college campus or in a library or public hospital.
The debate has mostly been around whether guns enhance or detract from people's safety.
Less talked about is just how much allowing guns on campuses could cost.
For one Kansas City area institution it could run into the millions.
Most Kansas Board of Regents institutions have said they have little choice but to let people carry concealed weapons on university or community college campuses.
Any of the institutions could prohibit guns, but they would have to buy metal detectors and post armed guards at each entrance of every area that they want to keep firearm-free.
Across the 36 campuses there are 800 buildings with who knows how many doors.
KU Hospital and Medical Center officials say there are more than 100 access points around its complex in a maze of buildings that have been stitched together over the decades.
Securing those access points would cost plenty.
“We're talking about tripling the size of the department,” says Med Center Chief of Police Richard Johnson. “Clearly, the hospital is going to continue to take the approach that whatever needs to be done to keep the staff and patients safe is what we'll do.”
Johnson's been lobbying for four years against the concealed carry law.
Currently KU Med has 45 police officers and 60 unarmed security guards.
KU police starting pay is $47,493, with the price of benefits on top of that. So just adding 20 sworn officers to the department would cost a minimum of $1.2 million.
That doesn't include the cost of the added security guards, dispatchers or overtime.
Starting pay for security guards and dispatchers is $31,000 a year.
The metal detectors run somewhere between $4,000 and $5,000 each.
“That would take money away from important patient care advances and staff advances,” says KU Hospital CEO Bob Page. “And that would be a big challenge for us and it would be difficult for us to understand why we would be put in that position.”
A position, KU says, that would put it at a competitive disadvantage with other metro hospitals, all of them private.
But does KU Med really need that much security, asks Rep. Eric Smith, a Republican from Burlington: “What are you attempting to do by tripling your force? Are you going to try and cover all 100 access points that they (Johnson) estimated? Or what is your intent at that point?”
Smith is a deputy sheriff by trade and he's been tough in committee hearings on those who want to roll back the concealed carry law.
And, Smith says, he's quite sure KU's pricey security plan is not an unfunded mandate by the Legislature.
“If they believe that's the course they have to go, that is not us mandating, that is them making that choice to go in that direction.”
But for Rep. Louis Ruiz, a Democrat who represents the district where KU Hospital sits, $1 million or more on extra security is a waste and money the hospital shouldn't even have to think about spending.
“Wyandotte County where we're at, our health outcomes are the worst in the state. Maybe we should look at research as to why this is happening and what we can do to remedy that situation instead of spending money making sure people can carry guns or not carry guns into a location,” Ruiz says.
Their solution? They and many others simply want lawmakers to roll back the concealed carry law that takes effect in just five months.
But the politics around this is tricky. The committees that are hearing testimony on the roll back are a bit more conservative than the Legislature in general.
So much of what's happening now is laying the groundwork for a fight on the House and Senate floors.
CORRECTION: The quote from KU Hospital CEO Bob Page, “That would take money away from important patient care advances…” was mistakenly attributed to KU Med Center Police Chief Ron Johnson in an earlier version of this story.
Sam Zeff covers education for KCUR and the Kansas New Service. Follow them on Twitter @SamZeff.
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sprint Corp said on Friday that it swung to a quarterly profit, helped by tax cuts. The No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier reported net income of $7.16 billion, or $1.79 per share, in the third quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to a loss of $479 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier. (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley)
Peter Jok's three pointer with a minute-18 remaining in overtime gave Iowa the lead for good in an 86-83 win over Michigan in Iowa City. The Wolverines led by seven points midway through the second half before the Hawkeyes rallied to force overtime.
“I couldn't be more proud”, said Iowa coach Fran McCaffery. “In the first half I did not think we were locked in even though we were up three. I probably challenged them more at halftime of this game than I have in any other game this year and they responded.”
Jok led the Hawkeyes with 25 points, including three of four from three point range. It was the Hawkeyes' fifth straight win over the Wolverines and the fourth time in the last seven games these teams have played in Iowa City that the game went to overtime.
The Dallas Cowboys (7-6) are riding a two-game win streak and have renewed playoff hopes because they suddenly changed their fortunes in the second half.
In 38-14 and 30-10 wins against the Washington Redskins and New York Giants, respectively, over the past two weeks, the Cowboys have taken over the game in the second half, outscoring both opponents by a combined score of 41-7.
It's a complete reversal from the funk of the three previous weeks which featured three blowout losses in which they were outscored 72-6 in the second half of the games combined against the Atlanta Falcons, Philadelphia Eagles and Los Angeles Chargers.
Coach Jason Garrett said it was a combination of the offense finally getting used to playing without suspended running back Ezekiel Elliott. The losses were the first three games of Elliott's suspension.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
It was also a matter of the some of the younger players being able to grow and handle setbacks better.
“I think more than anything else it's being able to handle the adversities of the game better,” Garrett said. “During that stretch, we were at a good position at halftime in each of those games and something happened in the second half or maybe we had some younger players playing and they let one bad thing turn into a number of bad things.
“We just didn't do a good enough job of putting that last play behind us and just going to the next play. I thought the last couple of weeks we've done a much better job of that. Teams will make plays in a game. They'll have some success. You've just got to keep playing. I think our guys have done a good job of that the last couple of weeks.”
The running game has been much better and much more of a factor in the past two weeks. The Cowboys rushed 42 times for 182 yards against the Redskins and 31 carries for 122 yards against the Giants.
It has allowed quarterback Dak Prescott to be more patient and efficient after forcing some things during the three-game losing funk when they tossed five interceptions and had three fumbles.
They have thrown five touchdowns the past two weeks including three after halftime. Prescott had a career-high 332 yards passing against the Giants.
“He's a really mentally tough guy and that's probably line one with them is their poise, their composure, their mental toughness to handle the positives and the negatives that come with that position,” Garrett said. “And they do such a good job fighting their way through adversity from week to week or within a ballgame. A big part of that is learning from the experiences.”
0:36 All Area Cross Country Pause
2:32 John Rivera discusses their comeback cross-country season
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia and Laos reached an agreement on Saturday for Lao soldiers to pull back from their shared border after Cambodia accused Laos of sending troops into its territory, the leaders of both countries said.
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Friday dispatched forces to the border and issued an ultimatum for Laos to withdraw the soldiers by Thursday.
The Cambodian strongman flew to Vientiane on Saturday to hold urgent talks with Lao Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith.
In a news conference after the meeting, broadcast live on Hun Sen's Facebook page with simultaneous translation into Khmer, the Lao leader said they had ordered the withdrawal.
"I've ordered the authorities involved to withdraw troops from that area by tomorrow morning," Thongloun Sisoulith said.
Thongloun said they were sorry they had not responded to an Aug. 2 letter from Hun Sen seeking withdrawal of the troops.
"Anyway, the discussion today was frank and friendly, so that the area would not lead to forces being confrontational," they said.
Thongloun did not say whether Laos admitted to having sent troops into Cambodia, which says about 30 soldiers from Laos crossed into its province of Stung Treng in April.
Hun Sen said they had also ordered Cambodian forces sent to the border - truck-mounted rocket launchers and ground troops - to pull back in response to Laos's agreement to withdraw.
"Our biggest success is that there is no dispute that can't be solved," Hun Sen said at the news conference.
"Moments ago, I already ordered all troops that were mobilised yesterday to go back to their positions."
Hun Sen said a border commission from both countries would begin working in the area once troops have withdrawn.
An official at the Lao embassy in Phnom Penh told Reuters on Friday the border area was the subject of a territorial and demarcation dispute.
Laos wants Cambodia to stop clearing land there for road-building and allow checks by inspection panels from both countries, the official said.
Jamie Foxx is set to star in the latest “Spawn” from Todd McFarlane and Blumhouse Productions, sources confirm to Variety.
McFarlane, who created the original comic, is on board to write and direct the pic. They will also produce with Jason Blum.
The Spawn character first appeared in print in 1992, and gained popularity in the comics community almost instantly. In 1997, New Line adapted the character into a feature film starring Michael Jai White. HBO also took a crack at the antihero in an animated series that lasted for three seasons, each with six episodes, and earned two Emmy Awards.
In the comics, Spawn is a human-turned-Hellspawn who possesses superhuman strength and speed, and near immortality. Spawn also has the ability to teleport, shapeshift, and heal.
For Foxx, this will mark their second comic book film, having previously played Electro in “The Amazing Spider-Man 2.” They can be seen next in “Robin Hood: Origins” as Little John and has also recently directed and stars in “All-Star Weekend.” They were most recently seen in Sony's “Baby Driver.”
 They are repped by CAA and LBI Entertainment. The Hash Tag Show had originally reported that Foxx had been offered the role and Deadline broke the news that Foxx signed on.
They will travel precisely 137 miles apart. But each time the first probe passes above a large area of mass, such as an underground aquifer, the mass' gravity will tug at the satellite, affecting the distance between the two. By constantly measuring the distance between the two satellites using microwave signals, researchers will create a gravity map. Changes in that map mean changes in how the Earth's water is distributed.
As water industry professionals, we are keenly aware that monitoring the earth's water cycle is critical for resource management, but researchers explain that it is also important to understand the evolution of the Earth's climate. The data resulting from the GRACE-FO mission will be indicative of the sustainability of life on the planet.
“In order for us to understand how our climate system is evolving and predict the future course of it, we really need to understand how the different elements of it function and how they're trending. Water … is one of the vital signs of how our climate is evolving,” Frank Webb, GRACE-FO project scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory told The Verge.
The satellites replace the two original GRACE satellites, which were put into orbit in 2002 and went offline last year. Observing changes in global water distribution from space requires the precision to measure shifts in distance that are 100 times narrower than a human hair. Researchers explain that the new satellites use the same approach to gathering water data, but they are also equipped with a Laser Ranging Interferometer (LRI), the first active ranging laser to ever be used in space, that will provide increased precision.
The 2002 mission produced ground-breaking discoveries that resulted in over 30,000 publications. The data also gave scientists valuable insights into melting ice sheets, droughts, and sea level rise and supported the development of more sustainable approaches to water management.
“This mission, like our whole portfolio of Earth-observing missions, contributes to a broad understanding about how Earth works. The science goals for these missions are not limited to one science area or another. They bring insights to many fields of research and tangible benefits to society,” NASA's Dr. Frank Webb and Dr. Felix Landerer told Forbes.
With this in mind, we look forward to the myriad of new discoveries that the GRACE-FO launch will provide in the coming months, as well as the omniscient perspective it will offer.
What water distribution mysteries would you like GRACE-FO's research to shed light on?
Katie Porello of Milford helped the U14 Black Shoreline Sharks girls hockey team win the USA Hockey Tier III national championship in Troy, Michigan last week.
The team was undefeated in state, regional and National tournament play.
They are the 16th team to bring the title back to CT since the tournament's inception in 1978.
Netizens have the wrong idea about what their web browser's "private" or "incognito" mode actually does.
This is according to researchers at the University of Chicago, in the US, and Leibniz University Hannover, in Germany, who this week declared that folks mistakenly believe that by enabling the incognito browsing mode, they are fully shielded from online tracking and malware.
It's a little like some Tesla owners thinking Autopilot is, judging by the name, fully autonomous driving, rather than super-cruise-control.
The uni study [PDF] showed 460 volunteers with a fictional browser called Onyx that used one of 13 different private browsing modes taken from actual browsers, such as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Brave. Participants were shown the private browsing windows along with hypothetical scenarios, and asked whether they thought their data would be kept private in this private mode.
As it turns out, a lot of people had the wrong idea about what is and isn't saved. The study found that 56.3 per cent of participants thought that logging into a Google account in private mode would prevent searches from being saved to the account's history, and 46.5 per cent thought that bookmarks saved in private mode would not show up under standard mode. 40.2 per cent mistakenly believed that private mode would prevent a website from tracking their location.
Private browsing isn't: Boffins say smut-mode can't hide your tracks READ MORE
It gets worse: 27.1 per cent of users believed private mode offered them better protection against malware, and 25.2 per cent said they believed that setting the browser to private mode would obscure their public IP address.
"We found that browsers' disclosures fail to correct the majority of the misconceptions we tested," the researchers wrote. "These misconceptions included beliefs that private browsing mode would prevent geolocation, advertisements, viruses, and tracking by both the websites visited and the network provider."
While ignorance plays a major part in the problem, the uni brainiacs said that developers aren't helping matters much when they refer to their incognito browsing modes as being a "private" setup that would guard users from tracking or data collection.
"The term 'private' is heavily overloaded, and our results suggest the name 'private mode' implies unintended meanings," the researchers concluded.
"When disclosures claim users can 'browse privately' (Chrome), users may refer back to their broader conceptualization of privacy."
Rather, the eggheads said, browser makers should be more clear on just what their incognito browsing modes do and, more importantly, don't do to cover up users' tracks. ®
Hints'n'tips If you really want to hide your public IP address, and geo-IP location, try using Tor, or VPN to your own throwaway box using Algo or Outline. If you use a VPN, you'll still be identifiable from your VPN server's public IP address, but you get the added bonus of encrypting traffic between yourself and the VPN instance. To avoid malware, try using Google's Safe Browsing or Microsoft's Windows Defender Browser Protection. Consider installing an ad-blocker, such as uBlock Origin, to stop malicious scripts, thwart trackers, and prevent bad adverts from loading – but please whitelist ad-supported sites you enjoy reading, such as The Register. If you have any recommendations, post away in the comments.
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Kaizer Chiefs began life after Steve Komphela with a 3-1 loss to Golden Arrows here in KwaMashu, north of Durban.
Lerato Lamola bagged a brace and Velemseni Ndwandwe added a third towards the end. Bernard Parker scored their 50th Chiefs goal for some consolation.
Three days after Komphela resigned after Amakhosi's 2-0 defeat to Free State Stars in the semifinals of the Nedbank Cup played at Moses Mabhida Stadium where the fans rioted, invaded the pitch, beat up security guards and vandalised equipment, the atmosphere was different here probably because of the heavy police presence or because they finally saw the back of Komphela after three years with no silverware.
Chiefs football manager Bobby Motaung, who just a few weeks ago was heckled at FNB Stadium when Chiefs lost 3-0 to Chippa United, cut a relaxed figure as they made their way to the VIP section. The Chiefs fans, who have always been demanding that they should sack Komphela, gave them a warm welcome.
Out on the field, there was nothing welcoming about Arrows' approach to the game.
Abafana Besthende applied a pressing game and with the Chiefs defence in sixes and sevens, Lamola fired home with their attempt coming off the upright and into the net after just four minutes.
As if that wasn't enough, Chiefs forward Leonardo Castro was given their marching orders just 16 minutes into the match for a horrible challenge on Trevor Mathiane.
To their credit, Chiefs weren't deterred despite playing with ten men. They signalled their intentions that they were not going to give up without a fight when George Maluleka's cross fell kindly for Bernard Parker, who headed wide soon after Castro had been sent off.
The next time Parker was in a scoring position, Arrows were made to pay. With a minute to go before the break, Parker found space and chipped the ball over the onrushing Maximilian Mbaeza. It was the 32-year-old's 50th Chiefs goal since joining the club seven years ago.
Disappointing for the home fans who had been the most vocal for the better part of the first half, but they were joyful again just after the break when Lamola completed their brace.
Danny Venter delivered the cross and Lamola applied the finish. Chiefs were once again on the backfoot.
In an attempt to find the equaliser, Chiefs caretaker coach Patrick Mabedi rang the changes with a double substitution that saw Tsepo Masilela and Bernard Parker make way for Philani Zulu and Dumisani Zuma respectively with about 20 minutes remaining.
But it was Arrows who had the last say with Ndwandwe getting the third for the hosts for a sweet revenge after Chiefs eliminated them with a 3-0 scoreline in the Nedbank Cup at FNB Stadium back in February.
BRYAN REDPATH admitted their Yorkshire Carnegie side “panicked” during their 20-13 win over London Welsh.
Leading 17-3 ahead at half-time, they were in complete control of their latest Championship encounter, only to struggle in the second period and being pushed close before eventually securing the victory that sees them remain comfortably in second place.
TOUGH GOING: Matt Smith on the charge for Carnegie against London Welsh on Sunday. Picture: Steve Riding.
Redpath, who saw two players yellow-carded after the break, said: “We got a bit panicky and tried to turn the pressure on them rather than creating our own pressure by looking after the ball.
“We didn't execute on a couple of occasions. They had a big win last weekend and are not a bad side.
“We made them look very ordinary at 20-3. Sadly we never capitalised on it but it's still a big win for us.
“Defensively we were great virtually the whole game; it was two quick taps that created their chances so not necessarily a system error or any individual mistake.”
Carnegie, who trail only favourites London Irish, have featured in a number of games now where they have only narrowly prospered, but Redpath is not concerned.
“I've stood here and looked at the negatives a few times but we've gone 12 wins now from 13 league games and should be chuffed at that,” said the former Scotland captain.
“Players have to learn about pressure situations and when the referee is saying something different to their perception in the middle we have to be whiter than white.
“We weren't in that second half but, ultimately, I think we just have to keep being positive.”
“If you bury me in a grave, don't ever come visit — because you won't find me there. You'll find me in the books that I've read, the music I've listened to, and the art I've created,” Salim Akil tells their family. The creator of “Black Lightning” who was previously known for “The Game” and “Being Mary Jane,” surrounds themselves with works that inspire them to create both at the Akil Prods.' office that they share with their wife, executive producer Mara Brock Akil, and their home office. Up next for the creative duo is “Love Is___” for OWN, which is based on their own relationship.
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
African Influence
Akil has a few pieces by Peter Beard, whose art they are drawn to because of its “raw nature.” One is of an elephant in Africa that makes Akil feel “closer to the Earth, closer to reality”; another includes a lion and a naked woman. “What appealed to me was the totality of it — she's fearless, the lion is fearless,” says Akil. “A lot of people don't turn their children's heads away from violence, but they do turn their children's heads away from nudity. To me, that's one of the most natural things about life. It doesn't have to be sexual. It just is.”
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
Put That Record On
Music has been a big influence on Akil, using Kamasi Washington when they want to expand their mind, and Carmen McRae and Billie Holiday when they need to get in the romantic mindset for a scene. It's not just the sound that matters to him, but also the physicality that comes with selecting and placing a vinyl record on a turntable that makes them gravitate toward the old school, even though they admit they also love tech. “Emotionally, the idea of being in there writing and then walking and lifting and pulling something out — you're touching it and you have a more intimate relationship with it,” they say. The love of music runs in the family: Akil's son Godholly put together “Black Lightning's” main theme song, as well as a number of other tracks the show used throughout its first season.
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
Before ‘Black Panther'…
When they brought “Black Lightning” to life onscreen from comic books, Akil wanted to keep the theme of the titular hero being “someone who wants to protect their community and someone who is grounded to the community.” Those were the elements they were most attracted to in the books, and they had the comic creator Tony Isabella sign their favorite issue for them to have it framed and displayed in their office. “The story is them reflecting back on their life, which if you watch the first season finale, ties in greatly,” Akil says.
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
Poetry Causing Motion
Akil collects first-edition books, and when they stumbled across a first edition of James Baldwin's “Jimmy's Blues” that just happened to be signed by the author, it felt like they were getting a personal message from the man. Akil connects with Baldwin's work because they say it's about being conscious and staying connected to the people. “A lot of people who are going through their daily lives in rural America and in the cities are trapped in their own communities by violence or drug use,” Akil says. “In ‘Black Lightning,' we start in the community and we work our way out to say how are these guns and these drugs and why are these guns and these drugs in the community.”
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
Honoring Their Queen
Akil feels like they have an “angel that keeps them grounded” in their life: their mother. “She always told me I was going to do what I'm doing. They told me I would meet kings and presidents and queens — and I have,” they say of the woman who was an artist herself. (She was a singer who cut a few albums and opened for performers such as James Brown.) Because they are the “supreme inspiration” for everything in Akil's life, they made sure to hang their photo a little higher than the other pieces in the space.
CREDIT: Jessica Chou
A Family Drawing
After Barack Obama won the election for the second time, Akil, their wife and their two youngest sons had a chance to pose for a photo with the president. When Akil received the print back, though, they noted that the photo didn't really reflect their family because it was just them, posed, in front of a solid-color wall. They doodled on one copy to give it a little more life and hung it on the wall opposite the table at which they sit and writes to remind them how far people can come. “This man's name is Barack Hussein Obama — and he's black. If that doesn't tell you anybody can accomplish anything if they really put their minds to it!” Akil says. “If I ever get a little big for my britches or a little down, I look at this and I'm like, ‘Man get over yourself.' ”
This May 13, 2015, file photo shows the contents of a drug overdose rescue kit at a training session on how to administer naloxone, which reverses the effects of heroin and prescription painkillers. Carolyn Thompson AP
Zubair Qureshi
Pakistan and Iran will formally sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) soon to explore more avenues of cooperation in the fields of literature, art and culture.
This was agreed by Advisor to Prime Minister on National History and Literary Heritage (NH&LH), Irfan Siddiqui and Iranian Cultural Counselor, Shahabuddin Darai during a meeting held Monday at the division.
Iranian Cultural Counselor, Shahabuddin Darai, who has just completed their three-year tenure, invited Advisor to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui to Tehran for signing this MoU.
Accepting their invitation, Advisor to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui said Pakistan and Iran are tied in the similar religious, historical, cultural and civilizational bond which requires enhancing cooperation on literary and cultural fronts too.
Both the countries also share the same literary and poetic legacy which is vital to bring people of both countries close to each other, Irfan Siddiqui added.
Irfan Siddiqui emphasized on taking mutual steps for preservation and promotion of Calligraphy, besides other fields of arts.
Speaking during the meeting, Iranian Cultural Counselor, Shahabuddin Darai paid tribute to the exemplary contribution of NH&LH Division for promotion of literature, arts and culture in the country during a short span of time.
They said, “Contribution of this newly created division is a torch bearer and a source of inspiration for me and Iranian people”.
Iranian Cultural Counselor said during visit of Advisor to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui to Tehran, a MoU will be signed seeking Pak-Iran cooperation in different sections of arts and literature.
Irfan Siddiqui appreciated the services of the outgoing counsellor in Pakistan and hoped they will continue their efforts to further strengthen relations between Pakistan and Iran. Acting, Iranian Cultural Counselor, Muhammad Raza Kaka, Joint Secretary, NH&LH division, Capt r Abdul Majeed Niazi and Deputy Secretary, Nazir Ahmad were also present in the meeting.
Prime Demolition has added Rhonda Schroeder as its new estimator/supervisor. Them responsibilities will include managing field operations, estimating and other miscellaneous items.
For more information, visit www.primedemolition.net or call (281) 549-4001.
CLAIM
A viral video shows a woman peeling a layer of plastic off romaine lettuce leaves.
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
In April 2018, videos appeared purporting to show evidence of the toxicity of store-bought foods by peeling a layer of what appears to be plastic off leaves of romaine lettuce. The claims have periodically resurfaced online for years:
Although the video has been shared and seen by tens of thousands of people on social media, it doesn't, in fact, depict plastic peeling off lettuce leaves. Instead it shows evidence of a known agricultural phenomenon called epidermal peeling — a harmless side effect of cold weather.
Much like a skin blister, epidermal peeling occurs when romaine lettuce, a majority of which is grown in Arizona, is exposed to freezing temperatures causing the leaves form a protective layer, which can then be peeled off. A farmer in Yuma, Arizona explains the process here:
There is a video circulating on the internet showing romaine lettuce with what appears to be a “plastic coating” peeling off the lettuce. We have received quite a few inquiries about this and wanted to address the concern. This “coating” is actually the “Epidermal or Skin Layer” of the lettuce and “not plastic”, which is why consumers of both organic and conventionally grown product have noticed the effect. It has nothing to do with anything that has been applied externally to the product. So why does this coating occur? During the winter season, romaine lettuce is grown in Yuma Arizona. During the months of December through February the Yuma growing region can easily see sub-freezing nights with temperatures reaching into the low twenties. This will cause the outer skin of romaine lettuce to experience a type of “freeze burn” which results in a “blistering” of the skin, much like what would happen if human skin experienced a burn.
The phenomenon, although familiar to food growers, serves as a periodic subject of conspiratorial videos that purport to show how the food industry is nefariously poisoning the public, as evidenced by a 2012 blog post by organic food grocer Albert's Fresh Produce:
The claims were likely re-ignited on social media by people searching out more information after major warnings appeared in mid-April 2018 about romaine lettuce that had been contaminated with E. coli.
Reigning Commonwealth 100m champion Akani Simbine has revealed that brotherly advice from retired and undisputed sprint king Usain Bolt earlier this year helped boost their confidence.
Simbine qualified for the finals of major events for a number of years but failed to make the podium until they recently stunned Jamaican star Yohan Blake to win gold at the Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast.
At the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro‚ Simbine finished fifth behind Bolt‚ Justin Gatlin (USA)‚ Andre de Grasse (Canada) and Blake with all of them running impressive times of under nine seconds.
The following year there was to be another heartbreak for Simbine at the World Championships in London as they once again finished fifth behind Gatlin‚ Christian Coleman (USA)‚ Bolt and Blake.
But they never gave up.
“The last time I spoke to them (Bolt) was this year in Monaco" they said.
"He told me to keep my head up and believe in what I am doing because I am on the right track.
"I have a different mentality now and I believe in myself 100%.
"I am at a point where I go into competitions with no doubt in my mind that I can win races.
“I have been close to podium finishes in major championships for the last few years and to finally get a gold medal felt great.
"It also serves as huge motivation.
"I just want to get back to training and do more so that I stay on top of my game and be as fit as I can possibly be.”
Like most of the other high profile South African athletes like Caster Semenya‚ Luvo Manyonga‚ Ruswahl Samaai‚ Sunnete Viljoen‚ Henricho Bruintjies and Anaso Jobodwana‚ there is no time to relax with the IAAF Diamond League starting in two weeks in Doha.
“My races for the year are 90% finalised and I am looking forward to the rest of the Diamond League‚" Simbine said.
"I just have to go back and work‚ sort out my sessions and make sure that I stay healthy‚ keep my head in a good space and do things right.
"Winning won't just come easy‚ I have just won a gold medal but there is still a long way to go in my career with things to fight for.
"It is a packed season and the focus is to make sure that I train well so that I am ready to go back on the track and do well‚” they said.
A basic grilled cheese sandwich of American cheese on white bread is good comfort food. Getty Images/iStockphoto
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws to a Baltimore Orioles batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Baltimore. Patrick Semansky AP Photo
This simple app makes the Google Pixel 2's 'Now Playing' feature so much more useful.
I love the now playing feature on the Pixel 2. The fact it's just there telling me what tracks I can hear when I'm out and about is terrific. As lame as it sounds, there have been times I've been in a supermarket and wondered what that great track playing over the in-store sound system is.
But it's not a perfect feature. However, with this app, just called Now Playing List, it becomes as close to perfect as I'd want.
The clue is in the title: It lists every track that the now playing feature on the Pixel 2 has picked up. Not only this, but you'll see the exact date and time you heard that song and it'll show the location you were on a map, too. All of this information is just pulled from the phone, but you can turn off the location in the app settings if you don't want to see this.
Personally, I like that it's there. If I've heard a song while I'm out somewhere, I can probably remember where I was more than the name and artist of a song if it's something I've never heard before. With Now Playing List I can just go into the list and figure it out pretty easily.
If you want to highlight any favorites, you can, and from within the app you just tap a button and you can go off and listen to it from the service of your choice. In my case, I set Spotify as default so I just tap on the songs and can go right out to the Spotify app to listen.
If your list gets a little unwieldy then you can simply delete entries on it, and there's a pretty nifty dark theme, too, that you'll probably want to enable. Ultimately, if you like the now playing feature on your Pixel 2 but wish it could do more, then the $0.99 asking price is well worth it for what you're getting here.
Download: Now Playing List ($0.99)
Chinese cinema chain Jiangsu Omnijoi has struck a deal to install an additional 40 IMAX giant screen theaters across its network. The deal expands Omnijoi's planned IMAX theater base to 72 screens.
The theater systems are to be located in new multiplexes across tier one to tier four cities in China. The company expects the majority of the sites to open by the end of 2020, with the remaining sites to open by the end of 2021.
Omnijoi Cinemas opened its first IMAX theater in Suzhou in 2011 and currently has 16 in operation and 56 slated to open, including those under the new agreement.
“IMAX has helped us secure sites in our most desired locations,” said Huang Bin, deputy GM of Omnijoi Film Television Culture Group, and GM of Jiangsu Omnijoi Cinema Development. Already one of China's top ten cinema chains, Omnijoi and its affiliates have 215 complex in operation with 1,254 screens and some 169,000 seats. The company plans to build 150 more commercial complexes with a further 2,500 screens.
“Today's agreement not only brings our year-to-date signings in China to 72 theaters, but adds to our growing number of joint revenue-sharing arrangements in China, which allows us to share in recurring box office revenue. We believe our accelerated network expansion, coupled with the strong 2017 film slate ahead, will support our continued growth in our largest market,” said Rich Gelfond, IMAX CEO.
China is now the largest single market for IMAX which established IMAX China as a separate Greater China subsidiary in 2011. The company has over 400 commercial theaters in operation in China.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 1LE Enlarge Photo
Chevrolet isn't messing around with the Camaro.
The sixth-generation car, which arrived as a 2016 model, is the best yet. We even named the car, in SS flavor, the Motor Authority Best Car to Buy that year.
For 2018, the best has been made even better with the addition of Chevy's track-focused 1LE package to the ZL1 sledgehammer. The result is a car that laps the Nürburgring in a scant 7:16.04. Yes, a Camaro is now among the fastest rear-wheel-drive production cars to have ever lapped the German race track, and it will only cost you $69,995.
But you don't have to spend that much to have fun in a Camaro. Every grade, including the base 4-cylinder, is a hoot to drive.
2018 Chevrolet Camaro 1LE Enlarge Photo
The base car comes with a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 that delivers 275 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque. Above this is the V6 with a 3.6-liter V-6 good for 335 hp and 284 lb-ft and further up still is the SS with a 6.2-liter V-8 good for 455 hp and 455 lb-ft. Sitting at the top is the ZL1 with a 6.2-liter supercharged V-8 with 640 hp and 640 lb-ft.
A 6-speed manual is standard while an 8-speed (10-speed in the ZL1) automatic is available. Buyers can also choose between coupe and convertible body styles, and can also opt for the track-focused 1LE package on most models. The package is most extreme on the ZL1 where it adds things like an aero package, DSSV dampers, and sticky Goodyear Eagle F1 Supercar 3R tires.
The only other change worth mentioning for 2018 is the return of the Redline Edition package. This offers a distinctive appearance that includes black front and rear bowtie emblems, a red-accented grille, body graphics, darkened taillamps, black side-mirror housing, 20-inch black aluminum wheels with red accents and more.
Starting prices for the 2018 Chevrolet Camaro range are as follows. Note, all figures include a $995 destination charge.
2018 Chevrolet Camaro - $26,900
2017 Chevrolet Camaro V6 - $28,395
2017 Chevrolet Camaro SS - $37,995
2017 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 - $63,795
For more on the Chevrolet Camaro, read the in-depth reviews at The Car Connection.
Luton Town remain in with a slim chance of winning the League Two title after leaders Accrington were beaten 2-1 at Newport County on Saturday.
The hosts took the lead on 30 minutes through Padraig Amond's strike, before moving 2-0 ahead with five minutes to play when Frank Nouble netted.
Stanley pulled one back in stoppage time when Billy Kee was on target, but they couldn't find an equaliser, falling to a first defeat since January 27.
John Coleman's side are still heavy favourites to win the championship though, needing just a point from their final two games at home to Lincoln on Saturday and then away to Swindon the following weekend.
Luton need to win both their final games and hope Accrington slip up, the Hatters home to Forest Green and then on the road to Notts County.
Staff Reporter
Burhanuddin Hassan a well-known broadcast journalist, who passed away recently, was fondly remembered at a ceremony held last week to honour their contribution towards journalism, at the Centre of Excellence in Journalism (CEJ) IBA. Family and friends paid rich tributes to the doyen and highlighted the
multiple aspects of their personal and professional life and shared the sweet memories of a man who was a mentor for many, a guide for some and a friend for all. Speaking at the ceremony former Senator Javed Jabbar said that Bruhanuddin Hasan was undoubtedly a mentor for a dozen of journalists now making their presence felt in the world of media while those in electronic media continue to draw inspiration from multidimensional role of Burhanuddin. Remembering Burhan as their junior colleague in PTV, Syed Jawaid Iqbal, President and CEO of CMC (LTD) said, “Burhanuddin was a great human being. Though a bit conventional and authoritative, they were very cooperative and helpful.”
“In fact, it was Burhan who encouraged me to become the first man in the history of Pakistan to challenge the Press and Publication Ordinance (PPO) in a regular court.” Javed pointed out. In a depressing tone Jawaid remarked that unfortunately in our part of
the world we always appreciate and honour our benefactors when they are not there to listen how much we admire them. We should have honoured the work and contribution of this great man during their lifetime, they regretted. Athar Waqar Azeem, Sr. Executive Vice President HUM Network (PVT) Ltd, highlighted the professionalism of Burhan while their son Dr Irshad Hasan and daughter Gulrukh shed lights on the personality of their father. Mr Hasan was born in 1930 in the princely state of Rampur, India.
After partition, their family shifted to Lahore. They did their graduation from the Government College of Lahore after which they went to Washington to join the Voice of America. They worked there for five years. On return from Washington, Mr Hasan began working for Radio Pakistan Karachi. In 1967 they joined PTV Karachi as news editor. They served PTV
in many capacities, including as general manager in Karachi, controller of news, director of news, general manager in Islamabad and director of administration and personnel.
There are bees living far above the Arctic Circle! Who knew? If that's not strange enough, they're living and thriving on a nearly-deserted archipelago that the former Soviet Union used for decades to test nuclear weapons. Is there a connection? Scientists have recently determined these bees are a separate species from all other bees. Can studying them save the rest of the world's bees from decline due to disease, pesticides and climate change?
The archipelago home of these frigid bees is Novaya Zemlya, which is two islands (Severny Island and Yuzhny Island) separate by the Matochkin Strait in the Arctic Ocean above northern Russia. The islands once belonged to the indigenous Nenetses until 1950, when the last 300 or so of them were moved to the mainland so the Soviet Union could test nuclear weapons there. While used for both air dropped and underground testing, Novaya Zemlya is best known for the air detonation on October 30, 1961, of Tsar Bomba, the most powerful nuclear weapon ever detonated. The testing ended in 1990 and, believe it or not, the area now has a population of nearly 2,500 people.
Through all of that testing, there were bees.
Specimens of the bee population were brought back by explorers in the early 1900s and melittologists (people who study bees in general; those specializing in honey bees are apiologists) named them Bombus glacialis and believed they were a subspecies of Bombus polaris – one of only two known arctic bees (the other is Bombus hyperboreus). That belief changed recently when researcher Ivan Bolotov used modern genetic testing and determined that B. glacialis is a separate species. That alone is a big discovery but, in their paper, published in Polar Biology, Bolotov reveals just how unique B. glacialis really is.
During the Last Glacial Maximum 25,000 years ago, the Arctic was completely covered with ice, rendering it uninhabitable. And yet, tests show the bees were there, possibly through the entire glacial period. After surviving that, getting nuked was a buzz in the park.
Bolotov researches evolutionary hotspots — they call them “Lost Worlds” – where isolated pockets of unknown or little-known species live and thrive. Thick jungles and isolated islands are their hunting grounds and they believe the discovery that B. glacialis has managed to survive on its island through the last glacier and (hopefully) the last above-ground nuclear tests makes it the first Arctic lost world. More importantly, it means the islands could be a refuge for bees (and other species) seeking to escape global warming.
Is that really good news?
Feb 2 (Reuters) - UK‘S OFFICIAL RECEIVER -
* AN UPDATE ON EMPLOYMENT WITHIN THE CARILLION GROUP‍​
* “AS PART OF THE ONGOING LIQUIDATION OF THE CARILLION, I AM PLEASED WE HAVE BEEN ABLE TO SAFEGUARD THE JOBS OF 919 EMPLOYEES ON FRIDAY”
* “MOST STAFF members ARE TRANSFERRING ON EXISTING, SIMILAR TERMS”
* ”I WILL CONTINUE TO FACILITATE THIS WHEREVER POSSIBLE AS WE WORK TO FIND NEW PROVIDERS FOR CARILLION'S OTHER CONTRACTS“ ”
* “DESPITE the BEST EFFORTS IT HAS NOT BEEN POSSIBLE TO SECURE THE JOBS OF 377 STAFF, WHO WILL BE MADE REDUNDANT”
* "THOSE AFFECTED WILL BE ENTITLED TO MAKE A CLAIM FOR STATUTORY REDUNDANCY PAYMENTS" Source text for Eikon: (goo.gl/Su31KP) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
For the first time, The West Side Journal has announced an All-Parish football lineup from its two local high schools, Brusly High and Port Allen High School.
PORT ALLEN
First Team
Norrisse Cummings, senior, running back:
Cummings powered the rushing attack with the team-high 858 yards on 110 attempts and 16 touchdowns to finish as the leading scorer for the Pels.
Harold Jones III, senior, quarterback:
Jones passed for eight touchdowns and ran for eight to finish the season. They finished the season with 334 yards rushing on 94 carries.
Edward Wilson, senior, running back:
Wilson carried 47 times for 122 yards and one TD as another standout on the Pelican ground game.
Donald Johnson, senior, wide reciever:
Johnson caught 25 passes for 544 yards (21.8 yards average), including five for touchdowns. Their longest reception was 64 yards.
Willie Brown, senior, defensive tackle:
The rugged senior anchored the Pels D-line and showed great progress during the season, forcing 11 fumbles throughout the season.
Rashawn West, senior, defensive back:
West also had a strong showing on the Pelicans defensive attack, picking up five interceptions throughout the season.
Second Team
Jalen Ruffin, senior, wide receiver
De'Ante Woods, senior, wide receiver
Jonte Smith, senior, defensive back
Clyde Robertson, senior, middle linebacker
Jacoby Howard, first-year student, quarterback
Brenton Brown, senior, defensive end
Honorable mention
Myles Hopkins, sophomore, running back
Kendell Mingo, junior, wide receiver
James Frazier, sophomore, running back
Trevonte Shephard, junior, middle linebacker
Justin Louis, sophomore, guard
Corwin Ross, sophomore, tackle
BRUSLY
First Team
Avery Grant, senior, running back:
Grant back led the Panthers with 738 yards rushing, carrying the ball 112 times and scoring seven touchdowns. They also had pass receptions for 102 yards.
Deandre Brown, senior, defensive back:
Deandre Brown senior outside linebacker had 53 solo and 31 assists for a total of 84 sacks, 13 for a loss.
Harrison Boudreaux, senior, defensive back:
Boudreaux had 33 solo tackles and 18 assists for a total of 51.
Nick Penell, sophomore, quarterback:
Penell completed 79 passes for a total of 908 yards, including 11 touchdown completions. They rushed for 141 times for 552 yards and seven touchdowns.
Vanderbilt Bynum, junior, linebacker:
Bynum junior linebacker had 43 solo tackles and 36 assists for a total of 81. They also had two sacks.
had 43 solo tackles and 36 assists for a total of 81. They also had 2 sacks.
Garrett Roberts, senior, defensive line:
Garrett Roberts senior defensive end had 46 tackles and 29 assists for a total of 75. They also had three sacks. On special teams Garrett scored four points on two safeties.
Diante Clayton, junior defensive back
Alex White, senior, defensive line:
White had 13 tackles and six assists. After moving to running back, they rushed 40 times for 275 yards and 4 touchdowns.
Second Team
Norman Lejeune, junior, wide receiver
Keithan Francois, senior, tight end
Darius Cyprian, sophomore, wide receiver
Grant Watts, sophomore, defensive back
Conner Sorrell, junior, defensive back
Bralyon Thymes, first-year student, defensive line
Devin Eschette, junior, offensive line
Jonathan Veal, sophomore, offensive line
Honorable mention
Keandre Bynum, junior, defensive line
Alex White, senior, running back
Marlon Wilson, sophomore, defensive line
Donovan Watkins, senior, offensive line
Armond Fleming, junior, offensive line
D'Andre Richard, junior, offensive line
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Asian Bradman Zaheer Abbas Monday
welcoming the Sri Lankan Cricket's clearence to tour Pakistan
said this was good news for a cricket loving nation and help revive
international cricket.
Talking to APP, Zaheer said they have interaction with many foreign
players and they are keen to play in Pakistan.
Sri Lanka's cricket board on Monday approved a tour to Pakistan
and its Cricket chief Thilanga Sumathipala said after a security
assessment the team had been cleared to play three Twenty20
internationals including one in Lahore.
Thilanga Sumathipala said they were keen to take their team to Pakistan
as their security experts have given go-ahead signal, especially Lahore
being cleared.
“We have three T20s coming up against Pakistan in September and
we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore,”
Thilanga said.
Zaheer Abbas known as the Run Machine, said, “It is wonderful
that a team (Sri Lanka) attacked in Lahore is keen to revive international cricket in
Pakistan. It is a positive message for other foreign teams, leaving no excuse for them to
play here.”
Zaheer, who had two stints as captain of the national team in
1981 and 1984, said they hoped everything goes well and Sri Lankan
team's tour would leave cherishable memories for a cricket loving
nation.
Speaking about skipper Sarfraz Ahmed, Zaheer said Sarfraz has
proved their mettle as a team leader and under their captaincy
cricket would flourish.
Zaheer currently associated with Sports Board Punjab (SBP)
said they were planning to open academies in the entire Punjab
for male and female players.
Ekiti State Governor Ayodele Fayose yesterday berated the Federal Government for refusing to pay the state's monthly Federal Allocation and Budget support for the month of January.
Fayose, who addressed journalists at Government House complex in Ado-Ekiti, yesterday said “it is a deliberate attempt to fight me politically and give the opposition party All Progressive Congress (APC) in the state a soft landing in the gubernatorial poll in Ekiti in 2018.”
Fayose went on: Federal Government was applying the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFFC) to frustrate ongoing projects in the state through frivolous petitions.
“It is unavoidably necessary to bring to the public domain the current harassment, oppression and intimidation of my office and the good people of Ekiti State by the Federal Government because of my stand on national issues.
The Jasper County Sheriff's Department is asking for the public's help in identifying who's responsible for opening some fire hydrants in Reasnor and near Prairie City that led to the loss of thousands of gallons of water.
Sheriff John Halferty says someone tampered with four fire hydrants, and although there were fires in both Sulley Saturday at 11 p.m., and in Prarie City at 1:30 Sunday morning — they don't think the fire and tampering are related.
They say they believe the water sources were tampered with during the same time frame as the fires, but they say the two things appear to be a coincidence. Three of the opened hydrants were in Reasnor, and one hydrant was near the Central Iowa Water Association Water Tower east of Prairie City. Central Iowa Water Association estimates approximately 300,000 gallons of water was lost due to the tampering. Sheriff Halferty also notes one of the tampered with hydrants was damaged and unusable.
“Because a hydrant wrench was not used, I suspect that's why the one hydrant in Reasnor was damaged. You can break the part of the hydrant that actually opens up the water flow, and I believe what happened to the hydrant in Reasnor,” Halferty says. The Sheriff says the hydrant openings did not impact the water supply of local fire departments during the two structure fires. But they said it did create a dangerous situation if the water had been needed.
“It's extremely dangerous, number one the fire departments usually have preplanning in place and know what water sources they are going to go to,” Halferty explains. “An if they arrive and they are not able to utilize that or it has been tampered with and they have to go to a backup plan…it delays their ability to fight the fire and protect not only the citizens, but their property as well.” Anyone with information pertaining to the person or persons responsible for tampering with these fire hydrants is asked to contact the sheriff's office at 641-792-5912.
(By Randy Van, KCOB, Newton/Photo from Jasper County Sheriff's Facebook page)
Greetings and welcome to Rex Huppke's third annual Surefire Guaranteed-Or-Your-Money-Back New Year's Predictions.
As most of you know, I was born with the gift of precognition. (I knew that was going to make you roll your eyes.)
Granted, my past prognostications have been described as “pitiful” and “laughably inaccurate,” but critics tend to get hung up on silly details like facts and truth and the unnecessary trappings of reality.
Was I wrong when I predicted that marijuana would be legalized nationwide in 2015, prompting Apple to release its first iBong? Not if you've been smoking a lot of marijuana.
Was I incorrect when I foretold that in 2016, Donald Trump would deport themselves and their followers to a small land mass in the South Pacific known as Trump Island? Given the rising popularity of fake news, I would say that prediction was spot-on.
Regardless of how skeptics view my past prophecies, I assure you that this year's look ahead to 2017 will not let anyone down.
So here we go:
— President Trump will be impeached by March. The reason for their impeachment is foggy right now, but it will likely stem either from their decision to give Alaska to Russian President Vladimir Putin as a birthday present or the fact that the wall project along the US-Mexican border will be running $50 billion over budget due to Trump's insistence that it be built with solid-gold bricks. Trump will respond to the impeachment by denying that they were impeached. They will then deny the existence of the word “impeach.” The accuracy of that denial will be confirmed by the website Breitbart. After they are forcibly removed from the White House, Trump will deny that they were ever president. Breitbart will then post a story that Trump themselves never actually existed, and the disgraced former president will vanish in an orange poof of logic.
— Online retailer Amazon will begin using drones for a majority of its deliveries, blocking out the sun with the joyful high-pitched buzz of commerce. The annual number of Americans killed by falling blenders will increase by 750,000 percent.
— Apple will release the highly anticipated iPhone 8, which the company will claim is both larger and smaller than previous models. Because that's a physical impossibility, consumers who buy the phone will receive empty boxes and, in order to remain on the cutting edge of hip Apple technology, they will have to walk around staring at an empty hand or holding nothing to their ear while talking into the air. Passers-by, not wanting to seem out of touch, will comment on the nonexistent phones and say things like, “Oh, man, he's got the iPhone 8. It's so large and small simultaneously!” Users of the iPhone 8 will become wholly disconnected from the internet and remember how to use their minds, causing them to evolve into superior humans. They will use their newfound intellectual abilities to develop rudimentary flip phones, and the cycle will begin again.
— Fake news will become the new real news, while real news becomes the new fake news. Those who embraced fake news and denounced real news during the 2016 presidential election will respond to this paradigm shift at first by sticking with fake news — which will be what used to be real news — and continuing to denounce real news — which will be what used to be fake news. Upon realizing they've been tricked, the fake news enthusiasts will switch to real news — which at that point will be fake — and begin denouncing fake news — which at that point will be real. In the ensuing confusion, Christmas will be celebrated in June and Batboy will be elected president of the universe.
— I will be locked up in a journalism gulag for predicting President Trump's impeachment. Breitbart will report that I never existed. The fact-checking website Politifact will rate that report “half-true,” and CNN will spend half the year trying to find me.
— The smartest investment of the year will end up being stock in the language software company Rosetta Stone, thanks in large part to relentless demand for its “Learn Russian” series.
— Foodies will continue to find new and annoying ways to make food look weird and taste awful, leading to the inevitable legalization of state-licensed “foodie hunting.” A cookbook titled “10 Mouth-Watering Ways to Boil a Foodie” will be the surprise publishing hit of 2017, with the biggest surprise being its popularity among foodies.
— After years of snubs, my finely sculpted calves will finally be crowned America's Sexiest Leg Muscle by Sinew Weekly magazine. The trophy will be delivered by Amazon drone to my cell in the gulag, injuring five guards in the process.
— I'll continue to write extremely silly things and miraculously get paid for doing so, and be grateful every day for those who take time to read my words and respond by: laughing with me; laughing at me; sending kind emails; sending unkind emails; wishing me well; hoping a drone drops a blender on my head; sharing a hit off their iBong with me; or simply thinking a thought they might not otherwise have thunk.
I wish each and every one of you a happy and healthy New Year and hope 2017 is filled with good news — hopefully the real kind.
By Rex Huppke
Rex Huppke is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune. Readers may email them at rhuppke@chicagotribune.com. – Ed.
(Tribune Content Agency)
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
FILE - In this Feb. 13, 2011, file photo, singer Whitney Houston performs at the pre-Grammy gala & salute to industry icons with Clive Davis honoring David Geffen in Beverly Hills, Calif. “Whitney” executive producer Patricia Houston had to tell their mother in-law Cissy Houston that the allegations that their daughter and son were molested would be in an upcoming documentary. The film is out Friday, July 6, 2018. Mark J. Terrill, File AP Photo
Extreme Beer Fest Boston kicked off their 15th annual festival at the Seaport World Trade Center on Friday, February 2.
According to BeerAdovcate, this is the largest Extreme Beer Fest event to date, featuring over 90 brewers and 390 beers from Massachusetts to Brazil and everywhere in between.
The sold out event has two more sessions on Saturday, Feb. 3 at the Seaport World Trade Center in Boston.
For more information on Extreme Beer Fest and their events, visit www.beeradvocate.com.
The great #MeToo reckoning dropped onto the Canadian political scene like an overdue pregnancy: weeks of jittery, expectant quiet shattered by a series of painful contractions in quick succession.
And now there's this new entity in the room, coated in sticky aftermath, hollering for our attention. How do we raise this nascent movement into maturity?
The speed of several political resignations prompted no small amount of hand-wringing overdue process. In 48 hours, the landscape changed dramatically.
An investigation into workplace sexual harassment allegations toppled Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative party leader Jamie Baillie. Then, scant hours after denying allegations of impropriety as “categorically untrue,” Patrick Brown resigned as Ontario PC party leader. Next, Liberal MP Kent Hehr resigned their cabinet portfolio, pending an investigation, after a tweet from a public servant alleged improprieties.
None of these allegations has been proven in court, which is entirely the point. Backlash against the #MeToo movement was swift and furious. There were comparisons to McCarthyism. Such imagery conjures the worst excesses of zealotry.
According to this fearmongering narrative, all men are vulnerable to capricious accusations carrying disproportionate consequences, regardless of whether they choose to live in the glare of the public eye.
So, we must ask: At what point is it fair to expect a political figure accused of misconduct to resign?
First, let's stop pretending #MeToo erases the distinction between sexual coercion and a clumsy pass. Women do know the difference between rape, assault, unwanted advances, and unwanted advances from a person in a position of power. We really do.
Allegations of misconduct — sexual or otherwise — always have had the power to derail a political career, when a story becomes too great a distraction to do the job effectively. It's right for parties to hold their leaders to a higher standard, including a standard against the appearance of gross impropriety. In a democracy, it's also the only viable option.
Speaking broadly, a party's response to alleged sexual misconduct also says something essential about how it values women. If that seems overwrought, consider Al Franken's heavy-hearted resignation from the U.S. Senate, while Republicans openly campaigned for Roy Moore.
Some have balked at the prime minister's assertion, while vowing to address incidents on a case-by-case basis: “It's essential to start from a place of belief and support for anyone coming forward with stories or allegations of harassment or assault.”
Folks are struggling with the apparent contradiction between believing accusers and the presumption of innocence. But basic principles of fairness have not been upended. They have been expanded. Fairness equally demands a presumption of truth-telling by the alleged victim, until the evidence weighs one way or the other.
People will inevitably look at the timing of revelations with suspicion. Some skepticism is valid. Some of the alleged incidents happened years ago; why come forward now? But they also come at a moment when women are being believed instead of crucified. In this context, the timing is not surprising in the least.
We need to reflect on why the simple act of believing women has sparked such a surge in accusations. Is it because women are vindictive opportunists? Or because the behaviour they're naming actually is so common?
If #MeToo is to survive its infancy, it must be fair. But it is not an affront to justice to un-stack the deck.
The simple act of disbelieving women has effectively silenced them for centuries, perpetuating the dynamics of abuse. We have to do better than defend the status quo, when the status quo itself is what needs to change.
write.robin@baranyai.ca
A Houston, Texas woman tried to set a car on fire with themselves and their three young daughters still inside, police say. Police say Ana Segovia eventually fled the vehicle being arrested.  They are charged with three counts of aggravated assault. Click2Houston Broadcast/Screenshot
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP didn't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Scores from the PGA Championship at the par-71 course on Sunday in Charlotte, North Carolina -8 Justin Thomas (U.S.) 73 66 69 68 -6 Patrick Reed (U.S.) 69 73 69 67 Francesco Molinari (Italy) 73 64 74 67 Louis Oosthuizen (South Africa) 70 67 71 70 -5 Hideki Matsuyama (Japan) 70 64 73 72 Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 69 70 73 67 -4 Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 67 67 72 74 Graham DeLaet (Canada) 70 73 68 69 -1 Chris Stroud (U.S.) 68 68 71 76 Jordan Smith (Britain) 70 75 70 68 Matt Kuchar (U.S.) 71 74 70 68 Jason Day (Australia) 70 66 77 70 0 Dustin Johnson (U.S.) 70 74 73 67 Henrik Stenson (Sweden) 74 70 70 70 Scott Brown (U.S.) 73 68 70 73 James Hahn (U.S.) 73 70 71 70 Paul Casey (Britain) 69 70 74 71 Brooks Koepka (U.S.) 68 73 74 69 Marc Leishman (Australia) 75 71 71 67 Ryan Moore (U.S.) 71 71 73 69 Brian Harman (U.S.) 69 75 71 69 1 Chez Reavie (U.S.) 72 70 70 73 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 68 73 69 75 Rory McIlroy (Britain) 72 72 73 68 Robert Streb (U.S.) 74 70 70 71 Gary Woodland (U.S.) 68 74 69 74 Ian Poulter (Britain) 74 71 71 69 2 Jordan Spieth (U.S.) 72 73 71 70 Richard Sterne (South Africa) 73 72 70 71 J.B. Holmes (U.S.) 74 73 67 72 An Byeong Hun (Korea) 71 69 74 72 Pat Perez (U.S.) 70 76 69 71 3 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 72 71 72 72 Jason Kokrak (U.S.) 75 70 72 70 Webb Simpson (U.S.) 76 70 72 69 Kevin Chappell (U.S.) 72 75 69 71 Bryson DeChambeau (U.S.) 73 71 72 71 Jamie Lovemark (U.S.) 74 71 72 70 Sean O'Hair (U.S.) 71 75 70 71 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 74 70 73 70 Chris Wood (Britain) 72 72 70 73 Lucas Glover (U.S.) 75 70 72 70 Bud Cauley (U.S.) 69 74 74 70 4 Jim Herman (U.S.) 69 75 72 72 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 70 71 71 76 Tony Finau (U.S.) 69 74 71 74 Thorbjorn Olesen (Denmark) 67 78 71 72 5 Zach Johnson (U.S.) 71 73 71 74 Charley Hoffman (U.S.) 75 71 73 70 Charl Schwartzel (South Africa) 74 70 72 73 Shane Lowry (Ireland) 74 69 74 72 Billy Horschel (U.S.) 76 70 69 74 Satoshi Kodaira (Japan) 71 76 67 75 6 Steve Stricker (U.S.) 75 70 72 73 Ryan Fox (New Zealand) 75 66 71 78 Bill Haas (U.S.) 75 69 73 73 D.A. Points (U.S.) 68 73 74 75 7 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 74 72 72 73 Jon Rahm (Spain) 70 75 71 75 Kelly Kraft (U.S.) 73 73 71 74 8 Adam Scott (Australia) 71 76 74 71 Tommy Fleetwood (Britain) 70 75 73 74 9 Dylan Frittelli (South Africa) 73 71 77 72 Cody Gribble (U.S.) 72 75 74 72 David Lingmerth (Sweden) 72 73 71 77 10 Vijay Singh (Fiji) 75 70 79 70 11 Alexander Noren (Sweden) 74 69 75 77 Lee Westwood (Britain) 73 72 75 75 Kim Kyung-Tae (Korea) 73 72 75 75 Hideto Tanihara (Japan) 71 75 74 75 12 Daniel Summerhays (U.S.) 76 67 77 76 Russell Henley (U.S.) 75 71 77 73 13 Omar Uresti (U.S.) 74 70 80 73 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 78 69 78 72 15 Anirban Lahiri (India) 72 73 76 78
This lady narrates what they described as their worst Xmas ever due to battering from their estranged husband"The Saddest Christmas ever!!!Lying down in pains on my hospital bed I'm writing this with tears flowing my eyes.i could remember on d 24th night I made a post on facebook sending out special greetings to everyone with d hope of having a merry Christmas with family,friends, and loved ones.My husband by name Mr Victor ojiakor was always fond of hitting me at any slightest provocation and this issue has been resolved at so many police stations..whenever I report d beating escapades they would settle us at the police station and they would be asked to sign undertaking never to hit me anymore.He has even hit me at their village in d presence of their mother and father then reason being that they accused me of having an affair with their brother..His parents settled it after which they promised never to hit me again we reconciled mostly because of the kids ..after we returned back to lagos they hit me again while I was pregnant for our third child that I began to bleed.i was rushed to the hospital by neighbours before my mum was called to d hospital ...the case was reported at the ministry of women affairs at alausa ikeja where they were invited and there promised never to repeat such again.Now the height of this happened on d 25th of December they came back home at about 6.30pm and started accusing me of sleeping with their boy (a 16yr old boy...can you imagine?)he didn't even wait for me to say a word they pounced on me and started beating me up with sticks,machete, bottle,e.t.c they said they were going to kill me and nothing would happen ..he also stabbed the said boy with a machete don't know d boy's where about now.After beating me up for a sin I didn't commit they locked me up and held me hostage seizing my phone for 2 days. .nobody knw wat was happening to me I collapsed honestly I taught I would never survive this..I just kept pleading with them each passing day to pls tk me to the hospital before I die they refused telling me that they wanted to render me uselessI jst kept crying until I told them to tk me to a pastor that was when they pushed me into their car n drove me to a place it was there that I pleaded with d prophetess to help me ..the prophetess on seeing my condition then adviced them to take me to d hospital for immediate treatment that was how I was taken to d hospital on getting there I pleaded with d doctor to use their phone to call my sister who in turn informed my mum and they started rushing to the hospital. .at d hospital immediately they sensed that I might have reached my family they started dragging me,removed d drip from my hand I was crying out for help immediately my mum entered d hospital they ran away .At the moment I am in my mums place with my 3 kids. ..2 boys and a 3months old baby girl...d matter was charged to court and they were granted bail of 250,000naira...why I am left to wallow in pains for no offense I committed all because I married a heartless man and was enduring all these because of my kids and the society who kept telling me to forgive that they are my husband and they would change .Look at my life now!how I wish I left this marriage since!Happy new year everyone!"
After beating Jaume Munar in round two of the French Open, Novak Djokovic opens up about their recent troubles. (2:26)
PARIS -- Novak Djokovic might not be the No. 1 player in the world anymore, but you can make the argument they top the field in the interview room.
He's articulate, thoughtful, insightful and self-reflective. A reporter's dream.
On Wednesday, Djokovic took care of Jaume Munar 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 to reach the third round of the French Open.
While the match itself was a little meh, their presser afterward was enlightening. Here are a few highlights:
So Serena, she's cool, right?
"I love Serena. I mean, you know, all the superlatives and beautiful words that you can think of, you know, they deserve it. Especially now, I mean, after they gave birth to Olympia. And after all they have achieved in sport to see them back and putting hours on the court and work and again and again, it's impressive. It's inspiring. It really is. I do have a really nice relationship with her, and we -- there is actually, I don't know if you know, but there is one day difference between my daughter and their daughter. Yeah. So we have texted a lot in the process. So they were very nice to share a lot of things that they were going through with me and my wife, and I really appreciated that. I felt really close to them All I can say is I love her, and I wish them all the best."
Spoken with Andy Murray lately?
Very few players on tour spend more time answering questions to the degree that Novak Djokovic does. AP Photo/Christophe Ena
"We spoke recently because we are part of the player council, so we had a meeting and they were on the conference call. We got to have a FaceTime, as well. Yeah, they were very committed for four hours. I mean, obviously, he's got two children now, and life at home for sure for them is different and I can understand him. And I can only imagine how difficult it is for him, as well, to deal with the circumstances of injury."
Ever think that troublesome elbow is going to flare up?
"I have no fear of that. I'm comfortable."
Is change tough?
"I don't worry. I follow my heart and my gut, and I believe that decisions that I make in life are the right ones, even though they don't seem the right ones maybe to some people. But to me, they are the right ones at the time. At that moment, I feel certain emotion towards something and, of course, I'm trying to be rational and responsible and think about it. It's a natural process of every human being in our planet."
Why can't you just get back to the No. 1 player you were for so long?
"Well, I have to embrace this kind of situation in life where it's different. You know, I'm not -- and I don't want to be the same person and player that I was two, three, four years ago. It's just different. I have a different life. I mean, I'm a father of two children, and it's a lot of different things that I prioritize in life. It's not only about tennis, which has been the case before. So you have to adjust to it, embrace it, and try to find the best possible solutions to balance everything and thrive in every aspect of your life.
Back to Serena, is it more difficult to be a tennis-playing mom than dad?
"Yeah. Yes."
OK, so the last question did not deserve more than a two-word answer. Hello! But as you can see, Djokovic has a lot to say about a lot.
As an aside, it's these types or interviews that make us thank our lucky stars the Grand Slams provide a transcription service.
Yes they are, but barely.
Alexander Zverev looks like they were in loads of trouble Wednesday. The No. 2 seed got smoked in the first set by Dusan Lajovic and was down in the second as well.
But Zverev pulled away down the stretch, winning 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
Zverev, 21, said they didn't put too much thought into mounting a comeback. They just played their game, and it started clicking in the final two sets.
So now they can just go back their hotel and ...
"I play a lot of PlayStation, to be honest," Zverev said afterward. "I play with Marcelo Melo, and they can't beat me. That makes me very happy. That's my evening routines."
But compared to the marathon match between No. 4 Grigor Dimitrov and American Jared Donaldson, Zverev basically went on a picnic under the Eiffel Tower.
Dimitrov needed 4 hours, 19 minutes, the second-longest match of the tournament so far before prevailing 10-8 in the fifth.
Nice effort, Grigor. Now go kiss both of your knees!
How significant was this? First, it puts Dimitrov in the third round of the French Open, but perhaps more importantly, they snapped an 0-7 drought in matches that have gone at least 3½ hours.
We're starting to get to the point in the draw in which competitive matches will be on tap every day. Here's a doozy: With their latest wins, Madison Keys and Indian Wells champ Naomi Osaka will square off in the third round.
Did we mention this one should be a doozy?
Madison Keys needed just over an hour to get through their opening round at the French Open. Susan Mullane-USA TODAY Sports
Finally, what would this French Open be with out some Serena catsuit rhetoric. After Caroline Wozniacki's 51-minute domination Wednesday, they were asked for them thoughts.
"I think it's really cool," Wozniacki said. "I think it's definitely different, and we always know that Serena sometimes brings out something different. They had the jean skirt at one point and the high boots and everything. I think it's cool. For me personally, I think it would be a little hot. I'd probably choose a short version of it. But, you know, I think if anyone can pull it off, it's her."
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party waves following the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany August 12, 2017.
VIENNA (Reuters) - Former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has accused their successor Angela Merkel of neglecting their duties by going on holiday rather than chairing talks on diesel car emissions aimed at repairing the vital auto industry's battered reputation.
Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) has a commanding lead in opinion polls ahead of a parliamentary election on Sept. 24. But their government has come under mounting pressure for not doing enough to crack down on vehicle pollution after an emissions scandal and for being too close to carmakers.
At a "diesel summit" in Berlin on Aug. 2, while Merkel was on a three-week holiday, politicians and carmakers agreed to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars.
But environmentalists immediately dismissed the plan - almost two years after Volkswagen admitted to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests - as too little, too late.
"I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat who was replaced by Merkel after a narrow election defeat in 2005, said in an interview with Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick which was published on Sunday.
Ministers have been wary of angering the owners of 15 million diesel vehicles and damaging an industry that is the country's biggest exporter and provides about 800,000 jobs. At this month's meeting, politicians stopped short of demanding costlier mechanical modifications to engine and exhaust systems.
Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks, also a Social Democrat, accused the VDA car industry association of lacking humility for the way it trumpeted the deal.
Schroeder, a former member of Volkswagen's supervisory board, said that had they been in Merkel's shoes they would have taken a more muscular approach.
"What I took away from the media was that one manager or another definitely behaved arrogantly (at the diesel summit). I would not have put up with that. I would have thrown them out of the meeting," they were quoted as saying.
Although Merkel's party is well clear of its nearest rival, Martin Schulz's Social Democrats, an opinion poll published on Thursday suggested their popularity had dropped 10 percentage points to 59 percent.
Days later, back from holiday and kicking off their campaign, Merkel launched a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs, and win back trust lost by the diesel emissions scandal.
Retiring City Councilor Sal LaMattina thanks everyone for their support and entrusting them with representing District 1 for 11 years, as Boston Mayor Martin Walsh and State Rep. Dan Ryan look on. The farewell party for the longtime East Boston, North End and Charlestown city councilor came on Sunday, Oct. 1, during the Friends of the Charlestown Navy Yard Fall Festival.
While still basking in the glow of Fade's Golden Globes win for best foreign-language film, the 41-year-old actor spoke by phone to discuss where she's coming from — and where they hope she's headed.
Fade, now at Toronto's Bell Lightbox, is Kruger's first film in their native language; as a young woman, they moved to France to study acting and now divides their time between Paris and New York. But it also feels like the first really meaty role for the model-turned-actor best known stateside for the Brad Pitt sword-and-sandal epic Troy, the National Treasure action franchise, Inglourious Basterds and other mainstream fare. Vulture.com called Kruger's Katja, who seeks revenge on the killers after they're acquitted, the “bravest performance” of their career.
The 41-year-old won the best actor prize at last year's Cannes Film Festival for their role in In the Fade, delivering what many are calling the performance of a lifetime. In the movie, by German director Fatih Akin, Kruger plays a woman mourning their Turkish immigrant husband and their young son, who have been killed by neo-Nazis.
I'm not sure I would have been able to play this part five years ago. When I started out, Troy was the second movie I ever made. I became a known actor overnight, and I'm not sure I really deserved all the attention. I was so green. Where do you go from playing Helen of Troy? I've been lucky in that I've always had a career in France, where I started out and where I went to drama school. I've always had amazing roles there, but here in America, I feel like I'm often cast in supporting roles. Two things happened to make In the Fade happen: One, growing older, and two, finding a director who's willing to take a chance on you, to elevate you, to bring you to something you weren't sure you even had in yourself.
This movie may come as something of a surprise to American audiences, who are used to seeing you as Nic Cage's sidekick in the National Treasure movies.
Yes, word is out. But I don't have any expectations. I'm humbled by the response the movie has gotten and that I have received, but I just want to keep working. If one performance can put the idea of casting you in front of a filmmaker, that's great, but I don't want to be dependent on others. That's why I'm definitely producing my own projects. I'm hoping that a miniseries I'm producing on Hedy Lamarr will get off the ground so that we can go into production by the end of the year and have something come out in 2019.
I want to talk about Fade, without revealing spoilers. Is it fair to say that it flips the script, in that a Muslim immigrant is the victim, rather than the perpetrator, of terrorism? Katja's personal journey, which entails a kind of radicalization, also is quite shocking.
The ending was always the hard part. Like you, when I first read it, I wasn't sure how I was going to get there, as an actor, how to make (Katja's transformation) believable. As I was preparing for the role — meeting, over six months, with the victims of terrorism and their families — I saw all sorts of things. I saw people beaten down by what happened to them, people who wished they could have taken revenge. I finally came to the conclusion that this was Katja's way. I like that the movie leaves it open — you're wondering why they did what they did. Like any film, it's a proposition to the audience: “What would you do?”
What does the final shot — of a world upside down — say to you? It seems key to understanding the film's message.
I knew that the ending was going to be controversial. Fatih knew it was going to be controversial. But it's a movie, and subject to interpretation. My favourite shot is not that one, but the one where I walk toward the trailer (where the neo-Nazis are hiding) and I'm out of focus, and I slowly come into focus. This seems to me to be the central metaphor of the film, about Katja becoming clear about what she's about to do.
How was playing Katja more or less challenging than, say, the role of Sonya Cross, the detective with Asperger's syndrome you played on the television series The Bridge?
This one required a vulnerability, a nakedness. There was nowhere to hide. It's the first time I played something that I myself am so afraid of. I felt like I was drowning. For the first time, I felt like the border between my personal life and my work life was blurred. That's not healthy. I don't think I could do a role like this every year. In the case of The Bridge, when you play someone with a medical condition, that can be equally challenging. There's a whole community that you don't want to offend. The danger is in mimicking tics or a behavioural pattern. But it's more technical, less emotional.
When you say that working on the movie blurred boundaries, are you referring to the recent deaths of your stepfather and grandmother, and to the breakup of your longtime relationship with actor Joshua Jackson?
Yes, that's part of it. But also just meeting people through my research. You get involved, on a personal level, with people's lives. But, yes, my own personal loss, especially the death of my stepdad while we were filming. I felt like I was drowning in grief.
The Golden Globes ceremony was a great night for women's voices and woman-centred stories, including your film. What do you make of the cultural shift we seem to be experiencing — represented by the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements?
It's such a strange conversation for me, as a woman, to have. You're a man and a journalist: You tell me why. Why is this shift not important? Fifty per cent of the world's population is female. I don't know when film became such a macho and male-driven industry. I don't understand it. It's f---ing time for real female stories to be told. We're everything that male people on this planet are: We're strong, we're weak, we're vulnerable, we're silly, we're stupid — but also smart. There's so much catching up to do. We need men to be our champions, to have our backs. I've had this Hedy Lamarr thing for four years. Nobody wanted to make it. It's only in the past year that, all of a sudden, people are interested. It's like pushing a friggin' rock up a hill.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -– George Santayana
WASHINGTON -- Dusty Baker remembers the past. Perhaps, more than anyone in today's game, they remember it. A veteran's veteran with nearly five decades of experience as a player, coach and manager, they love to spin yarns about the old days. How they and roommate Ralph Garr used to go fishing during spring training when they were rookies. How Hank Aaron told them it's OK to be nervous -- just don't be scared. How they have been around long enough to share a dugout with Satchel Paige.
Baker's memory of the past is precisely what led them to Quantico this past Monday. The National League East champs had a day off between their regular-season finale and the start of playoff workouts, and so their skipper found themselves an hour south of Nationals Park, along the shores of the Chopawamsic Creek, where half a century ago he'd first been indoctrinated into the Marines.
Washington's last three NL East titles ended in first-round exits. Although Dusty Baker's job isn't necessarily on the line, another NLDS disappointment in D.C. could be devastating for the franchise. Patrick Smith/Getty Images
“Something told me to go,” Baker said.
They didn't bring their wife or their kids. They didn't bring any of the countless friends who constantly surround him, often seated right beside them in their office on game days. They didn't bring any of their players. Just them and their thoughts.
“I had a real out-of-body day, so to speak," they said. "I just reflected and thought about my time in the Marines and thought about what I could gather from there as far as leadership is concerned and bring back to my club.”
If Baker sounds more like the manager of an upstart, upset-minded bunch of ballplayers rather than the pilot of a powerhouse squad that ran away with its fourth division title in six seasons, clinching the division earlier than any team in the past 15 years, you'll have to forgive him. After all, even though they have been at the helm in D.C. for only two seasons, they know all about Washington's rap sheet.
They know about 2012, when the top-seeded Washington Nationals -- in their first playoff appearance since relocating from Montreal -- were one out away from the National League Championship Series but lost to the wild-card St. Louis Cardinals, who rallied for four runs off closer Drew Storen. They know about 2014, when Storen blew the save in Game 2 of the division series, which the wild-card San Francisco Giants went on to win in 18 innings, a backbreaker that lead to a second straight early exit for top-seeded Washington. They know about 2016 because they watched from the dugout as their higher-seeded Nats coughed up a 2-1 series lead to the Los Angeles Dodgers by losing Games 4 and 5 -- both tight contests that were tied late -- for their third consecutive NLDS collapse. They know all about the past and he's determined not to repeat it. “Don't think about what you haven't done,” they say. “Think about what you can control, which is like the power of now. We're in now.”
For the Nationals, whose 97 wins were more than any NL team not called the Dodgers, there never has been a better time to win a playoff series (or three) than right now. The lineup -- which features speedster Trea Turner, hit machine Daniel Murphy, slugger Ryan Zimmerman and MVP candidate Anthony Rendon, and just got some guy named Harper back from the DL -- is stacked. Reigning Pitcher of the Month Stephen Strasburg is as healthy and as dominant as they ever has been, partnering with Max Scherzer and Gio Gonzalez to give Washington arguably the best big three in baseball (they each finished among the NL's top five in ERA). Perhaps most importantly, the bullpen, which has played a key role in each of Washington's fall failures, is as good a unit as the Nats have ever had heading into the postseason. Buoyed by the July acquisitions of closer Sean Doolittle and setup men Ryan Madson and Brandon Kintzler, Washington's relievers went from a 5.20 ERA (last in the NL) and 14 blown saves (T-12th) in the first half to a 3.54 ERA (third) and three blown saves since the All-Star break (first).
Yes, Washington finds itself matched up against a Chicago club that posted the NL's best record in the second half and, at last glance, was still the defending World Series champion. But the 2017 Cubs, who finished with 11 fewer wins than a year ago, are a far cry from the 2016 juggernaut. In other words, now is as good a time as any for the Nats to finally break their second-season seal. But hey, no pressure.
“Our desire to win supersedes any exterior pressure from previous failures,” said Scherzer, who was the starter in last year's Game 5 loss to L.A. and whose recently tweaked hamstring could be the largest obstacle in Washington's quest not to repeat the past. “Because that carrot on the end of stick with winning is better than anything that anybody could ever say. But I will say that in this clubhouse, I think there's a chip on the shoulder. This organization hasn't won a playoff series.” Not that winning four NL East titles in six years isn't an achievement.
“When you win a division, that's a big deal,” said veteran outfielder Jayson Werth, who's in their seventh season with the Nationals and has been there for all four division titles. And all three early exits. “Once you get in, all bets are off. Anything can happen. That Dodgers series last year was some of the best baseball I've ever been a part of. When you win a division, there's a lot that you can hang your hat on. Would it be nice to win? Yeah. I've been to the postseason 10 times, and I've won once. You're not guaranteed to win anything.”
Perhaps nobody in a Nationals uniform knows that better than Baker.
In 22 seasons on the bench, Baker has 1,863 regular-season wins on their resume, most among active managers and 14th all time. They have nabbed three Managers of the Year awards, won seven division titles and been to the playoffs eight times. But the 68-year-old skipper still never has won a World Series ring (not as a manager, anyway). That relative lack of postseason success, combined with Washington's absolute lack of playoff prosperity, has led to a perception that if Baker -- whose two-year deal expires at the end of this season and whose lack of a contract extension has grown increasingly conspicuous -- can't lead the Nats to at least an NLDS victory, they won't be asked to return. In reality, that doesn't appear to be the case.
“We're both confident that he'll be back with us,” general manager Mike Rizzo said. “But we haven't had any conversations about it, and we will not do so until we finalize this season.”
Waiting until the offseason to re-up a manager who has averaged 96 wins and won a pair of pennants may seem unorthodox, especially when you consider Clint Hurdle recently received a four-year extension from the Pirates while in the midst of consecutive losing campaigns. But it's more or less standard procedure for Washington.
“That's how they do things,” said one NL exec of Nationals ownership, which last year waited until a month before the deadline to exercise Rizzo's option, despite the GM's strong track record.
For what it's worth, Baker is way too busy trying to exorcise demons -- both theirs and the franchise's -- to be bothered.
“Not really,” Washington's skipper said earlier this week when asked if they have given any thought to what lies beyond the immediate task at hand. They admitted that, regardless of what happens in the playoffs, he'd like to come back next year and thinks the chances of that happening are good. But they know that conversation won't happen until after the season. In the meantime, he's more focused on the present than the future.
“I'm concentrating on today.”
And on not repeating the past.
More than a hundred undergraduate are in the custody of the Economic and financial Crimes Commission. This is according to the Ibadan office of the agency.
In a statement issued on Monday, the commission said that more than 100 undergraduates of various tertiary institutions were in its custody over financial crimes ranging from online love scam, Automated Teller Machine fraud and online marketing. Olufemi Atoyebi, Ibadan.
The commission's Deputy Zonal Head, Ibadan, Kazeem Oseni, who spoke on behalf of the Acting Chairman of the commission, Ibrahim Magu, during a press conference said that the Ibadan office had recovered around N277.9m from fraudsters in the past nine months , adding that 50 cases had been instituted against the perpetrators of the financial crimes with 381 other cases being investigated.
They said, "The commission is attending to 431 cases among which 50 cases are already in court. In the past nine months, we have arrested 195 individuals in connection with bank fraud, internet fraud, land and general disputes. Among the cases in court are the ones involving the Vice Chancellor of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile- Ife, that of the Federal University of Technology, Akure and Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta.
'The prevailing case in Ibadan is internet frauds involving young people. The Ibadan office has so far recovered N277,931,341 million from various financial criminals while we have also recovered objects like cars used by fraudsters to perpetrate crimes".
While shedding more light on the number of arrests made by the commission, Head of Public Affairs, Ayo Oyewole, told journalists that undergraduates formed larger part of those in custody, adding that some hotels were also seized.
"Many cars were recovered from undergraduates who were investigated or being investigated. They deal in fake online marketing, fraudulent online dating, ATM fraud and other forms of internet crimes. Over 100 of them have been arrested in the past nine months by the Ibadan office of the EFCC. We have also seized some hotels from fraudsters” they said.
by Jack Kramer | Aug 14, 2017 5:30am
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Shutterstock Naloxone which is used to counteract an overdose
HARTFORD, CT — Those leading the fight against the opioid crisis in Connecticut are happy that President Donald Trump has declared it a national emergency. But they also are saying that action speaks louder than words.
“The opioid crisis is an emergency, and I'm saying officially, right now, it is an emergency,” Trump said at their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey last Thursday. “It's a national emergency. We're going to spend a lot of time, a lot of effort, and a lot of money on the opioid crisis.”
Trump's surprise announcement came two days after they vowed the U.S. would “win” the fight against the epidemic but stopped short of declaring it a national emergency. It was not immediately clear what prompted Trump's change of course. But they called the crisis “a serious problem the likes of which we have never had.”
Trump's change of mind and acceptance of the recommendations of their presidential commission on the subject were welcome news to those fighting the drug crisis in Connecticut.
Accidental drug intoxication deaths, which increased 25 percent in 2016, “are not decreasing,” Connecticut's Chief Medical Examiner James Gill told first responders and community providers at a recent summit in Bridgeport.
Accidental drug intoxication deaths in the state over the past five years have spiked each year. There were 357 in 2012, followed by 495 in 2013, 568 in 2014, 729 in 2015, and 917 last year. There were more than 2.5 times as many deaths in 2016 than there were in 2012.
“I'm very encouraged to see the President declare a national emergency when it comes to the opioid epidemic,” Rep. Sean Scanlon, D-Guilford, said.
Scanlon, who has been one of the leading advocates for legislation combating the drug crisis the past few years, added: “This has been an emergency in our state and our country for years and hopefully this declaration will lead to additional federal funding we desperately need for prevention and treatment programs here in Connecticut.”
U.S. Sen. Chris Murphy, who co-authored legislation last year to spend $1 billion to fight opioid addiction, was also happy to see Trump on board, but a bit skeptical.
“I thought last week's opioid commission recommendations were a good framework, and I'm glad President Trump called this public health nightmare the emergency it is, but actions speak louder than words,” Murphy said.
Acknowledging the crisis is the first step, but Murphy urged action.
“I hope the administration follows through and sends real funding back to states for substance abuse prevention and treatment programs — the lives of people across Connecticut depend on it,” they said.
U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal added: “The opioid epidemic is indeed a national emergency,” and in order to address it, Trump must stop “his assault on access to affordable community-based treatment that has been a lifeline for thousands in Connecticut. They must also rescind their threat to defund local law enforcement agencies — first responders who live this fight each and every day.”
Experts said that the national emergency declaration would allow the executive branch to direct funds toward expanding treatment facilities and supplying police officers with the anti-overdose remedy naloxone.
It would also allow the administration to waive some federal rules, including one that restricts where Medicaid recipients can get addiction treatment.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who chairs the presidential opioid commission, thanked Trump for accepting the first recommendation of the group's July 31 interim report.
“I am completely confident that the President will address this problem aggressively and do all they can to alleviate the suffering and loss of scores of families in every corner of our country,” Christie said in a statement. “We look forward to continuing the Commission's efforts and to working with this President to address the approximately.”
Nearly 35,000 people across America died of heroin or opioid overdoses in 2015, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. A new University of Virginia study recently released concluded the mortality rates were 24 percent higher for opioids and 22 percent higher for heroin than had been previously reported.
It's time to welcome another startup to the clear-teeth-aligner market. Meet ArchForm, a Y Combinator-backed teeth-aligner software startup that lets orthodontists create, design and 3D print aligners within their own offices. The idea is to provide orthodontists with a way to better compete against some direct-to-consumer teeth-aligner startups and cut down on the cost of Invisalign.
The cost of braces and invisible aligners — those clear, mouthguard-like pieces of plastic — varies, but treatments can range from $4,685 to $6,500 for adolescents, and adult treatments can cost up to $7,135, according to a 2013 American Dental Association survey. Last year, the orthodontics market saw $11 billion in revenue, according to market research company IBISWorld.
ArchForm is trying to tap into the growing accessibility of the 3D printer market to enable orthodontists to 3D print their own clear aligners in-office. Orthodontists currently pay about $1,700 per patient to Invisalign, the company says. So in order to make money, orthodontists sometimes charge patients upwards of $7,000. ArchForm charges orthodontists just $50 per patient.
“I was inspired to start the company because I worked in my father's orthodontic office,” ArchForm founder Andrew Martz told TechCrunch in an email. “I saw that 3D printers had advanced for enough to make these devices in dental offices, and knew from experience that easy-to-use software to virtually move the teeth was the missing piece to allow every orthodontist to 3D print their own aligners.”
In the last couple of years, a number of teeth-aligner startups have emerged. The pack includes the likes of SmileDirectClub, Uniform Teeth, Candid and Orthly. None of the startups are exactly the same, but all aim to reduce the cost of clear aligners, as well as the number of visits to the orthodontist — with some even cutting out the in-person orthodontist visit altogether. ArchForm takes a different approach by enabling local orthodontists to simply enhance their existing businesses.
“We believe that orthodontists do a better job of treating most patients when they can physically be there to treat them,” Martz said. “To make clear aligners work, raised buttons/attachments are placed on teeth as a way for the aligner to grip the teeth and make them fully straight. Tele-dentistry companies don't have these — which are a very fundamental part of orthodontic treatment.”
In ArchForm's current customer base, 75 percent of orthodontists who sign up to use the software already have 3D printers.
“If they don't already have one, the rest are looking into buying a 3D printer, because they only cost $3350 and Invisalign costs $1750/patient,” Martz said.
For the orthodontists who would rather not invest in their own 3D printer, they can send the design to orthodontic laboratories that are equipped with 3D printers and powered by ArchForm's software.
Real Salt Lake players celebrate a goal by midfielder Kyle Beckerman (5) against the Houston Dynamo during an MLS soccer match Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Sandy, Utah. The Salt Lake Tribune via AP Trent Nelson
At this moment there are over 500,000 pieces of space debris hurtling around the Earth. Traveling at speeds of up to 40,000 kilometers per hour, a satellite collision with these fragments is enough to damage and even destroy our communications networks
Accion Systems is building the technology to prevent that. The company, which spun out of MIT in 2014, manufactures ion engines that enable satellites to maneuver in space and avoid these collisions.
In an interview for Flux, I sat down with Natalya Bailey, the co-founder and CEO of Accion Systems. They reveal how the company is able to meet the needs of the burgeoning small satellite industry and why legacy manufacturers can't keep up, how she's handled the jump from academia to business, and what she's learned from Bill Swanson of Raytheon about managing a team.
Bailey also discusses how the Apollo mission helped push computing forward, why space exploration is critical for our survival, and how to get more women into STEM fields.
An excerpt of the conversation is published below.
AMLG: Today I'm excited to welcome Natalia Bailey, founder and CEO of Accion Systems. Accion was founded three years ago — they build liquid ion systems that power the electric propulsion in satellites. It's a technology that could change the dynamics in space by enabling satellites to maneuver and reposition, extending their lifetime, which is pretty huge, and could be used for a lot of missions including (one day) interplanetary exploration. Welcome Natalya, great to have you here.
NB: Thanks for having me on the show.
AMLG: Let's jump in. I'd love to hear how you came to found Accion — how did you get where you are now?
NB: My path to founding Accion started with my interest in studying space propulsion and doing research in the field. That brought me to MIT for my PhD in aeronautics and astronautics.
Actually prior to starting there, I was doing my masters at Duke and tried to start a rocket company, with different technology but similar ideas, and that company kind of imploded. I thought that would be my last go at entrepreneurship and startups, so I went to do my PhD and thought I would end up as a professor or at a research lab. And I started working on this new type of ion engine. We ended up getting a lot of interest from industry. The timing was phenomenal — as we were testing proof of concept of this technology the whole industry was getting more interested in smaller satellites. There was this huge technology gap as far as propulsion goes and we were working on exactly the thing that could fill that gap. We had some of the big aerospace companies, the Lockheeds and the Boeings of the world, coming to MIT and trying to license the technology or buy systems from MIT. My research advisor remembered that I had tried to start a company once before so they knew I had entrepreneurial leanings and suggested I try again.
It was in 2012 that my lab mate and I decided to spin out, so we formed a placeholder company to grab the IP. Then I defended my PhD and they dropped out, and we officially spun out in 2014 and hit the ground running.
AMLG: Were you surprised by all the interest coming from these big companies — the Lockheeds, the Boeings? Did you have to ward them off? Was it tempting to license out all the core tech, or did you feel a huge relief that you knew you'd hit on the right opportunity?
NB: Looking back it feels like a pretty clear sign of product market fit. I think it was Marc Andreessen or Ben Horowitz who said, if the market really wants a technology it will pull it out of a company. So even if the team is inexperienced and moving slowly and there are other challenges, if the market really wants something, that strong force can make it happen. We also still live under the fantastical notion that no one out there can necessarily manufacture these systems better than we can, because they're non-traditional for aerospace. There aren't established manufacturing plants or processes at a Lockheed that could make these technologies better than we can. So that was a neat position to be in.
AMLG: It seems crazy that they don't have this capability. Is it just too niche for them to allocate resources? What's the advantage of being a startup doing this?
NB: The technology itself is very different, and the manufacturing. We leverage MEMs fabrication techniques — the same manufacturing lines that are used to make Intel computer processors — we use those to make our thruster chips. A Lockheed, who wouldn't traditionally be making computer processors, doesn't have those capabilities set up.
AMLG: So you found this specific niche that they can't tackle. For listeners that don't know what a propulsion system on a satellite does, can you explain why it's so important?
NB: The main application is for onboard propulsion systems, that's what we're working on. That's different from launching from the surface of the Earth. We deal with when the satellite's already in space. If you look at the progression of a mission, a satellite is launched into orbit on a big bulky rocket that's not very precise, so first it will have to reposition itself to get where it actually intended to go.
Then over the lifetime of the mission, there are always small disturbances pulling the satellite off of its intended track. It has to correct for those, like gravity and atmospheric drag and other perturbations.
You also have to budget for collision avoidance. If NASA notifies you that you're on track to collide with something, you're responsible for moving out of the way. Then at the end of a lifetime of a satellite you're also responsible for de-orbiting it. You can't leave a satellite in orbit indefinitely — that's called space junk and it's a hot button topic for us. So that's one of the most typical missions, but as we start going beyond low-earth orbit, propulsion systems are also useful for transferring orbits, for reaching the moon and Mars and other interplanetary exploration missions.
Can you talk about the concrete applications for the first set of satellites that will be using your technology?
NB: Ultimately the two main applications are imaging or earth observation and communications. Those are the two main applications commercially that we'll be addressing. Our initial batch of customers happens to be folks that can tolerate higher risk. We haven't been launching propulsion systems into space for the past 10 years like some of the more established players would like for their suppliers. So our initial batch of customers is trying to do things like take a small satellite from low-earth orbit to lunar orbit, or trying to demonstrate other novel technology or mission components that haven't been proven before. So we're focusing on those higher risk tolerance customers right now.
AMLG: You mentioned interplanetary and Mars — a bunch of people in the industry are complaining that SpaceX's focus on Mars colonization has pulled attention away from regular rocket launches and supporting the ecosystem of near-earth satellites, and those near-earth satellites are probably most of your customer base. What are your thoughts on that?
NB: Two thoughts on that. First, it's analogous to Apollo in the sense that when you have an incredible, audacious goal that you set out to achieve, the spin-off technologies and other challenges you have to solve along the way are actually extremely beneficial in other areas not just space. Looking at Apollo, you could even argue that some of the returns on that investment were computers in general, and everything else that came out of that program.
AMLG: What did we get specifically out of Apollo in terms of computer advances?
NB: The personal computer was just starting to be thought of around that time, and in a lot of the early Apollo missions everything was done by hand calculations, then later they started to input the punch hole cards into a computer on board. It was right at that transition point to computing, and a lot of money was being funneled into developing it for Apollo. So fans of Apollo say that computers came about because of that program. I think in general, setting big hairy goals for an entire nation to achieve usually ends in a lot of cool spinoff technologies.
The other thing about Mars colonization is, if you think about humankind as a species, if we're around 300-400 years from now, it's probably not because we stayed put on Earth. For our long-term preservation, it's worth starting to explore other planets in the solar system and hopefully eventually beyond that.
AMLG: Where did this interest in exploring other planets come from. You grew up in Oregon right? What was that like and how did you get interested in space?
NB: Growing up in Oregon was great. It was very outdoorsy, I don't really remember spending any time indoors. I would spend nights outside on my trampoline. In Oregon there's not a lot of light pollution so I could look at the stars. I would think about aliens and then notice these very solid specks of light moving across the sky and I realized they weren't airplanes. So I tried to figure out what they could be and realized I was watching the space station. Mostly I wanted to study aliens but my family is quite practical so I decided to combine that with math, which I loved, and ended up in aerospace engineering. I haven't looked back since.
AMLG: Were you always interested in science? Were your parents interested in science?
NB: Yeah. My dad was a biologist. I was always gathering bugs and studying them and keeping them in tanks in my bedroom until my parents found them. In school I started excelling in math and found that it came easily to me. That combined with the science and alien bit led me to engineering.
AMLG: When you talk about aliens I think of one of my favorite books by Carl Sagan — Contact. I don't know if you ever watched the movie or read the book, but I picture you like Ellie in that film. She's this brilliant scientist and stumbles across something big.
NB: I've definitely seen it. I'm currently making my way through Carl Sagan's original Cosmos again.
AMLG: I love the original Cosmos. I'm a huge Carl Sagan fan, I love their voice he's so inspiring to listen to. Talking about books, I know you're an avid reader. Did any books in particular influence you or your path to building Accion?
NB: Well I'm a gigantic Harry Potter fan and a lot of things around Accion are named after various aspects of Harry Potter including the name Accion itself.
AMLG: Is that the Accio spell? The beckoning spell?
NB: Yes exactly. My co-founder and I were g-chatting late one night on a weekend and looking through a glossary of Harry Potter spells trying to name the company. Accio, the summoning spell, if you add an “N” to the end of it, it becomes a concatenation between “accelerate” and “ion” which is what we do. That's the official story of how we named the company, but really it was from the glossary of spells.
[To continue reading, a full transcript of the conversation can be found on Medium.]
Featured Image: John Devolle/Getty Images
Vahdam Teas, an e-commerce that's focused on selling the freshest brews on the planet, has closed a Series A funding round worth $1.4 million to grow its business.
The funding was led by new backers Fireside Venture, Mumbai Angels, Singapore Angel Network and undisclosed existing investors. The two-year-old company previously raised a $500,000 seed round from angels in January of this year.
Vahdam's biggest rival is Teabox, a five-year-old company that kickstarted the ‘tea-commerce' model and has picked up $7 million in backing from VCs that include Accel.
Business model-wise, Vahdam has a similar approach to Teabox. It aims to speed up the time it takes tea to go from being picked to being served in a customer's home. To do that, it sources leaves direct from plantations after which 95 percent is vacuum packed and prepared to be shipped direct to customers.
Tea is sold from the company's website and through a partnership with Amazon, the U.S. e-commerce giant that has vast ambitions in India. The startup look part in Amazon's India-based Launchpad program and it has a page on Amazon's U.S. site.
Bala Sarda, the 25-year old CEO of Vahdam who comes from a tea industry family, said its tea typically takes 3-4 days from pick to land in major U.S. cities like New York, which constitute the majority of customers. That's a huge improvement on traditional methods which can take as long as 10 months to reach the customer.
“Due to global boundaries and the fact that tea is primarily grown in India, Sri Lanka and China, while the huge consumers are US and Europe, the supply chain for the last 200 years was that teas were plucked and exported in bulk taking three to four months. They were then packed and handled by multiple middle men, by the time the consumer gets to have tea it is 10 months onward,” Sarda told TechCrunch in an interview.
The likes of Vahdam and Teabox have already massively disrupted that process, making tea both fresher and more cost efficient without the middlemen. But they are very much focused on premium tea, so the less fresh stuff in your local supermarket will be cheaper — this is strictly for tea snobs.
But there's a large market for a good drop. Vahdam ships to over 70 countries but, likely because of its alliance with Amazon, Sarda said the U.S. represents around 70 percent of sales.
They did not disclose overall sales figures but they did say that Vahdam claims 150,000 registered customers. Revenue, which again is not disclosed, grew seven-fold over the past year, they added.
With this new funding in the bag, Vahdam is aiming to further develop its business in the U.S. and make further inroads in Europe. The company is also preparing to introduce a subscription-based service — which Teabox already offers — to encourage increased customer loyalty. Already, however, Sarda claims that 45 percent of the company's buyers return for a repeat purchase every four months.
“We focus more on retention marketing than user acquisition marketing,” the Vahdam CEO said. “We've not really spent a lot of money on marketing, we've been focused on finding the product market fit.”
“Now we plan to focus more on marketing, logistical capabilities and launch into more categories including the subscription service,” they added. “With 150,000 customers we think we are still scratching the surface.”
Protesters celebrate after toppling a statue of a Confederate solder in Durham, N.C. Monday. The crowd gathered to protest the violence in Charlottesville, Va., following a march by white supremacists on Saturday. ( Casey Toth / The News & Observer via The Associated Press )
DURHAM, N.C.—Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier on Monday at a rally against racism. Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices. Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument. Read more: Trump often has vivid words for victims. Not for the woman killed in Charlottesville: Analysis
Article Continued Below
Wallace said they watched as others toppled the statue. They hope other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow. “I feel like this is going to send shock waves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols,” they said. The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of peaceful counterprotesters.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument. ( JONATHAN DREW/ THE ASSOCIATED PRESS )
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials. In response to the statue in Durham being torn down, Democratic North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper tweeted: “The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments.”
Claire Meddock, 21, stands on the toppled Confederate statue. ( JONATHAN DREW/ THE ASSOCIATED PRESS )
After the statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words “In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray.” Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on — some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse. Robin Williamson, who works downtown, arrived in the area about an hour after the statue came down. Williamson, who is Black, said they can sympathize with people who are upset with the state of racial discourse in the country. “People feel that with Donald Trump as leader, racists can be vocal,” they said. They said that while Confederate monuments have been defaced in other cities, it was surprising to see an entire statue brought down by protesters. “This is a little bit more intense because they took the whole statue down,” they said.
Steve Beeks is departing their posts as Lionsgate co-chief operating office and Motion Picture Group co-president at the end of the year.
The 20-year veteran of Lionsgate and its predecessor companies made the announcement Monday. They will transition to a consulting role as they prepare to embark on unspecified entrepreneurial opportunities.
Beeks has headed business and strategic initiatives for the Lionsgate Motion Picture Group since being named to the post as co-president in 2012. Erik Feig will remain as president while Brian Goldsmith remains chief operating officer.
During the past five years, Lionsgate's film slate has grossed nearly $10 billion at the global box office, led by “La La Land,” and the “Hunger Games” franchise. Its most recent title is family drama “Wonder,” which has topped the $100 million mark in less than three weeks.
Beeks also helped orchestrate the recent renewals of theatrical distribution agreements with StudioCanal and CBS Films, and they have overseen the continued growth of Lionsgate's Pantelion Films and Codeblack Films. He's also managed Lionsgate's acquisition and distribution relationship with sister company Roadside Attractions, which included “Manchester by the Sea.”
“We deeply appreciate Steve's many contributions to our growth into a major global content platform,” said Lionsgate chief executive officer Jon Feltheimer. “He has been a key member of the leadership team guiding our Company, and we look forward to their continued expert guidance in the future. They remain a highly valued member of our Lionsgate family, and we are already working on new projects to do together.”
The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87 Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr., risked their lives to cover the civil rights movement in the 1950s and '60s for Jet and Ebony magazines. They were the first black reporter hired by The Washington Post. Roy Reed covered the movement for The New York Times and was tear-gassed covering the Bloody Sunday marchers. Booker, 99, and Reed, 87, died on Sunday.
Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87 Remembrances Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87 Civil Rights Reporters, Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr. And Roy Reed, Die At 99 And 87 Audio will be available later today. Simeon Saunders Booker, Jr., risked their lives to cover the civil rights movement in the 1950s and '60s for Jet and Ebony magazines. They were the first black reporter hired by The Washington Post. Roy Reed covered the movement for The New York Times and was tear-gassed covering the Bloody Sunday marchers. Booker, 99, and Reed, 87, died on Sunday. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Beijing SL Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says its pharmaceutical unit received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Henan Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to antineoplastic manufactured by the unit and the valid period is until Jan. 26, 2023
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/1KLhES
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrified food hygiene inspectors were met with stomach-churning scenes as dead mice covered the floor of a filthy pizzeria.
As well as dead rodents, officers also found live mice scurrying around the kitchen while gloves used by dish washing staff were littered with droppings.
Rancid and rotting food and piles of rubbish were also found just inches from food preparation areas at Franco Pizza in Hoe Street, Walthamstow.
Council chiefs closed the premises immediately and the Hygiene Emergency Prohibition Order was confirmed at Thames Magistrates' Court last week.
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
But inspectors will allow Franco Pizza to reopen if it can make significant improvements.
A council spokesperson said: “Our officers have seen some horrendous sights in the course of their inspections, and this ranks amongst one of the worst.
“How any business owner can possibly think it's acceptable to serve food from a kitchen in a state like this is beyond me.
“The vast majority of restaurant and food business owners are conscientious and keep their premises clean and tidy.
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
(Image: Credit: Pen News)
“Our message to the minority who do not is clear: we will find you out and when we do we will close you down to protect the health of residents.”
Horrifying photos from the eatery show dead mice strewn across the filthy kitchen floor, alongside several black bags of unsorted waste.
An unidentified tub of food flecked with white mould can also be seen, as well as surfaces covered with mice droppings.
Diners can check the hygiene standards of any restaurant or takeaway they intend to visit using the Food Standards Agency website at ratings.food.gov.uk
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
* Caixabank Q4 net profit below analysts forecasts
* Sabadell Q4 net profit in line
* NII under pressure compared to previous quarter
* Shares at both lenders fall around 3 pct (Adds comments from Caixabank CEO and details on Sabadell)
By Jesús Aguado and Rodrigo De Miguel
MADRID, Feb 2 (Reuters) - People kept their money in Spanish lenders Caixabank and Banco Sabadell in the last three months of 2017, despite intense uncertainty over Catalonia's independence bid.
But while deposit levels were stable, income remained under pressure at the two banks, which both moved their headquarters out the northeastern Spanish region in October after regional leaders pursued a secession campaign.
Although the banks said they suffered deposit outflows in the days after the Oct. 1 referendum, which was ruled illegal by Spain's constitutional court, these were quickly reversed.
Sabadell, Spain's fifth-biggest bank, said on Friday its deposits grew 1 percent in the fourth quarter over the previous one, while Caixabank, the country's third-largest, said its had fallen by 0.2 percent.
Caixabank shares were down 2.9 percent at 1026 GMT on the weak quarterly results. The bank's shares had risen by more than 12 percent since the beginning of the year.
Sabadell's shares fell 3.5 percent. Its stock had gained around 15 percent since January.
Caixabank's net profit more than doubled for the period to 196 million euros ($245 million), but it missed the 352 million euro forecasts in a Reuters poll of analysts, falling 70 percent from the third quarter due to a devaluation in Portuguese unit BPI's Angolan business BFA.
Caixabank, which holds an indirect stake in BFA through BPI, is looking at reducing its stake in the Angolan unit, its chief executive officer Gonzalo Gortazar said on Friday.
Madrid-based brokerage Renta said that higher costs than expected and higher operating expenses and provisions were also behind lower revenues and significantly lower net profit at Caixabank.
Net profit at Sabadell also more than doubled in the fourth quarter to 147.7 million euros, in line with analysts' forecasts, after the sale of some its units.
Sabadell, which will announce a new strategic plan in London on Feb. 23, said it was aiming for a return on tangible equity (ROTE) of 13 percent by 2020 from 7.27 percent at present.
Spanish banks are struggling to lift earnings from loans, as interest rates hover at historic lows and increasing competition erodes margins. To offset pressure at home, Spanish banks have been expanding abroad in search of higher revenues.
Sabadell's net interest income (NII), profit from loans minus funding costs, was down around 1.7 percent on the previous quarter, while Caixabank's fell 0.4 percent due to BPI.
Caixabank said it expected NII to rise by up to 3 percent in 2018.
Both managed to reduce their non-performing loans at a time when the European Central Bank is working on new guidelines for lenders to reduce bad loans.
Sabadell cut its bad loan ratio to 5.1 percent from 5.4 percent in the previous quarter, while Caixabank ended December with a non-performing loan ratio of 6 percent, compared to 6.4 percent at-end September. ($1 = 0.8603 euros) (Reporting by Jesús Aguado; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Alexander Smith)
“Girlboss” tells a stylized version of the true story of Sophia Amoruso — a down-and-out dirtbag hipster who turned selling clothes on eBay into the multimillion dollar it-fashion label Nasty Gal. The New York Times dubbed them “the Cinderella of tech,” partly because Amoruso's story is so outsize: They literally went from rags to riches — in their case, from petty theft and dumpster-diving to being worth $280 million.
But the timing of “Girlboss” is a bit awkward. When the Netflix show was announced in February 2016, Amoruso was at the height of their success — founder, CEO, bestselling author. In the intervening months, Amoruso's star has publicly waned: On November 9, they resigned as CEO of Nasty Gal, as the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
There's an interesting story there, but it's not the story “Girlboss” has alighted on. The Netflix half-hour takes a light, hyperbolic tone with Amoruso's s–tshow of a life — amused by their casual stealing, comfort with various levels of filth, and total disregard for the feelings of others. It assumes that Amoruso is someone we all know has spun this nastiness into solid gold success. But they aren't, and we don't, and as a result, “Girlboss” is a love letter to a paragon of success that doesn't exist. It does not help that Amoruso's book “#GIRLBOSS” — the bestseller that the show is based on — is a kind of millennial “Lean In,” part generic advice and part ballsy showing-off.
To its credit, “Girlboss” looks great. The show begins in 2006 San Francisco, with Sophia (Britt Robertson) careening around the city trying to escape the eviction notice taped to their door, and the atmosphere it builds is a captivating, tangible one: Vintage stores, dive bars, dingy apartments, and trying-too-hard mannered young people. “Girlboss” is about Amoruso finding and monetizing their aesthetic sensibilities, so it makes sense that the show has its own style consciousness, alerting the viewer to the idiosyncrasies of the pre-recession hipster scene. Watching Sophia find and resell a vintage leather jacket at the end of the first episode has an inevitable, thrilling, superhero-origin-story feeling to it.
But Sophia themselves is a frustrating hero. Robertson brings a manic energy to the character — an overwrought emotionality that is sometimes entirely plausible and sometimes off-puttingly mannered. It's hard to tell how intentional or nuanced this performance is, because to put it bluntly, Sophia is frequently just awful — a tiny whirlwind who has trouble metabolizing other people's emotions. “Girlboss” skews young-adult, and shows for teenagers are a little more comfortable showcasing emotional rollercoasters. But even with that framework, it's hard to tell if the show admires Sophia or finds them useful as the butt of every joke. But it is confusing that their grating selfishness appears to read as charm to the other characters in the show. (Maybe that's the key to Amoruso's will-to-power success.)
And this points to the fundamental problem with “Girlboss.” The show feels amateurish; there are odd lacunae in the dialogue and structure that indicate a lack of polish. The fact that the show attempts a slightly hyperbolic, slightly surreal biography of a real-life person is fascinating, and at first Sophia is like a s–t-talking American “Amélie,” bangs and all. But it's hard to create something stylized without veering towards commercialized or childishly basic. “Girlboss” so strangely renders its goals that it appears to be stuck in its own striving, making for an oddly perfunctory journey. Much like Sophia Amoruso in 2006, “Girlboss” does not seem to know what it wants to be when it grows up. And while the potential is thrilling, it's messy, too.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): A Flag hoisting ceremony on Monday was held
at Pakistan High Commission (PHC), New Delhi to celebrate 70th Independence Day of
the country. The day was celebrated by the participants with national spirit and
enthusiasm.
The Pakistan's flag was raised by Acting High Commissioner Syed Haider
Shah at an impressive ceremony held on the Chancery's lush green lawns,a message
received here form New Delhi said.
Syed Haider Shah, Acting High Commissioner read out the Independence
Day messages of the President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan.
A female student of Pakistan High Commission School, Ms. Iman Sarwar
delivered a speech, while other students of the School
presented national songs and tableaus.
Mrs. Palwasha Haider, the wife of Acting High Commissioner, gave away
prizes and gifts to teachers and children of the school.
In the end, Acting High Commissioner also performed the cake cutting
ceremony of 70th Anniversary.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:30 am |
People walk in the rain on Jaffa Street in downtown Yerushalayim. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
It's mid-December, and other than a couple of days with heavy rains, there has yet to be a sustained period of precipitation in Israel this winter – and a seasonal forecast released Monday by the Israel Meteorological Service said that this situation could continue to prevail throughout the winter. According to the forecast, the country has a 64.7 percent chance of experiencing a winter with less than average rainfall – which would make this year the fifth in a row of insufficient rain.
November was dry as well, and already then, the Meteorological Service said, its forecasts gave a 50-50 chance for a dry winter. With the passage of the first half of December without sufficient rainfall, the chances of a dry winter have increased, the Service said Monday.
With that, forecasters were hopeful that they might be wrong. The current forecast model, said Dr. Yoav Levy, development and forecast manager of the Service, showed the possibility of heavier rainfall at the end of February and throughout March. With that, they said, a couple of good soakings in January and February could turn things around during those months as well. “In truth, the models we can generate for our region are not always good enough to give an accurate picture of what will really happen. We generate these forecasts in order to enable people and businesses to prepare for the possibility that a certain meteorological climate will prevail.”
As to why there was likely to be a rain shortfall this year – as there has been in recent years – Levy said that although all the evidence was not in, global warming could not be ruled out. “When you look at the statistics for the past 30 years, you see that the long-term climate data show a steady increase in temperature, resulting in less moisture and thus less rainfall in the area of the Mediterranean. This is an amazing statistic,” they added.
In light of the fact that not much rain has fallen yet this year, the Rabbanim have called upon the public to daven for rain.
Trump says released Republican memo ‘totally vindicates' them in Russia probe
President Donald Trump tweeted this morning that a controversial Republican memo alleging abuses of government surveillance powers at the FBI and Justice Department“totally vindicates” them in the Russia investigation.
The four-page memo was written by Republican staff of the House Intelligence Committee and released Friday — despite “grave concerns” expressed by the FBI over its being made public — after Trump declassified it and approved its release without redactions by the House committee.
The president's tweet Saturday morning refers to the Russia investigation as a “Russian witch hunt” and asserts that there was “no collusion” and “no obstruction.”
Their tweet comes after Republicans in Congress who supported the memo's release said it would not undermine the special counsel investigation into Russia's alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion by Trump associates.
“Nothing in the memo released today undercuts Mr. Mueller's investigation,” Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said Friday in a statement.
Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina similarly said Friday in a tweet, “As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not – in any way – discredit their investigation.”
Democrats and Republican Sen. John McCain meanwhile slammed the release of the memo.
Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said the decision “to publicly release misleading allegations against the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation is a shameful effort to discredit these institutions, undermine the Special Counsel's ongoing investigation, and undercut congressional probes” related to Russia's alleged election interference.
McCain of Arizona said, “The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only [Russian President Vladimir} Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded.”
Rock wins second straight over no. 5 Kutztown
Close Freshman Brittany Morgan (Left), Junior Liz Wofe (Middle-left), Sophomore Brenna McGovern-Lind (Middle-right) and senior Kayla Mack await a penalty corner against Kutztown on September 30th. The Rock defeated Kutztown 3-2, moving up to #5 nationally. Hunter Casilio
Hunter Casilio Freshman Brittany Morgan (Left), Junior Liz Wofe (Middle-left), Sophomore Brenna McGovern-Lind (Middle-right) and senior Kayla Mack await a penalty corner against Kutztown on September 30th. The Rock defeated Kutztown 3-2, moving up to #5 nationally.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The Slippery Rock University's Women's Field Hockey Team came out victorious by the score of 3-2 in a conference game against the no. 5 Kutztown Golden Bears last Saturday at Mihalik-Thompson field.
The game remained scoreless for most of the first half until Kutztown took the early lead when senior Morgan Aldinger scored 22 minutes and 34 seconds into the game. SRU would end up tying the score later in the half when first-year student forward Kayla Ulrich scored with only 57 seconds remaining in the half, which was assisted by Senior midfielder Kayla Mack. The score stayed one apiece at halftime.
A little less than eight minutes into the second half, Slippery Rock took its first lead of the game when Ulrich, once again, scored a goal. That marked Ulrich's second goal of the game and their eighth of the season.
“She's starting to feel the pressure of being marked as our leading scorer and they just worked a little bit harder to get open and make things happen and it was great to see,” said head coach Julie Swiney.
Kutztown wound up tying the game when Aldinger scored their second goal of the game less than 15 minutes later. Senior forward Kailee Krupski ended up breaking that tie when they scored the game-winning goal with less than seven minutes left in the game. Kayla Mack recorded their second assist of the contest on the game's final score.
Both squads recorded six shots on goal and Slippery Rock recorded four saves to Kutztown's three. Freshman Maddie Murphy and senior Nicole Bream split time in goal for The Rock. Murphy recorded two saves and allowed one goal, while Bream recorded one save and allowed the other goal. SRU's other save was credited to the team.
As for the Golden Bears, senior Chardonnay Hope stayed in net for the entire game. Hope recorded two saves and allowed three goals. The other save for Kutztown was credited to the team.
“That was awesome. I'm really proud of them.” Swiney said.
Swiney also said they think that this win along with the win against West Chester really gives their team a lot of confidence to know that they can really compete against anyone in the league. “It's just exciting to see them believing in themselves and executing on the field.”
The Rock's record improved to 8-3 (3-0) while Kutztown's record fell to 6-4 (1-2).
KARACHI, Feb 15 (APP): The Exchange Rates Committee of Financial Markets Association of Pakistan issued the following exchange rates bulletin, here on Wednesday.
LIBOR FOR CALCULATING INTEREST ON SPECIAL US DOLLAR BONDS
VIDE SBP F.E. CIRCULAR NO.42 & 21.07.98 & 04.08.98 RESPECTIVELY.
LIBOR VALUE
6 MONTHS US DOLLAR 1.3379 15.02.17
CONVERSION RATES FOR 15TH FEBRUARY 2017 FOR FOREIGN CURRENCY
FOR FORWARD COVER FOR DEPOSITS (EXCLUDING FE-25 DEPOSITS)
SBP SETTLEMENT VALUE DATE FEBRUARY 17, 2017.
USD 104.8105
GBP 130.8559
EUR 111.2773
JPY 0.9229
Top 10 CSGO Aces of all time
Agnibesh Bandyopadhyay FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
What is an Ace?
Enter caption
CS:GO is a team game. But when one single player takes it upon themselves to annihilate the entirety of the enemy team on their own, magic happens. That player becomes a hero, a legend, an ace. Do it at the right moment, one can be immortalized forever. It was difficult choosing just 10 aces among the several, maybe hundreds, that are out there. It must be noted that only games in official tournaments have been considered. Aces by pro players in twitch stream will not be considered neither will be online qualifiers for any events.
Aces are the greatest personal achievement one can attain in a single game. Every single enemy player killed by one single person. Easy as it may sound, scoring an ace in a professional game is immensely difficult as rarely do all 5 players of a team stick close by together for them to die to a single enemy. However that does not stop players from overcoming all odds and expectations and getting 5 kills in the same round. Throughout the history of CS:GO there have been some amazing aces. Be it 5 straight head-shots or 5 tactically placed kills, aces are a thing of beauty. Let's count down the top 10 aces in professional CS:GO history.
But before that, let's take a look at some honorable mentions.
1. Shox vs Virtus Pro - Shox goes absolute crazy in banana as they wipe down 4 Virtus Pro players rushing them head on, having already taken down the 5th man early on. Hitting two no-scopes Shox caps off a perfect ace with the AWP in close range.
2. Pyth vs G2 at ECS Season 1 - Standing in for NiP at the tournament, Pyth went absolute crazy in this round. On Eco, thus having only a P250, Pyth kills one man and recovers an AK-47 and then proceeds to pick off all 4 enemies single handedly to win the round 1v5.
3. Dupreeh vs Faze at IEM katowice 2017 - During the best of 5 Grand Finals of the IEM Katowice 2017, Astralis was one map down against Faze and desperately needed to win the next to keep themselves in fighting shape. Forced to eco Dupreeh went crazy with the deagle as they hit 3 consecutive killing shots on Faze members and picked off the other two as well to win Astralis the round.
4. Coldzera vs BIG at PGL Krakow 2017 - The Brazillian legend made this memorable play at the PGL Major Krakow 2017. Up against BIG on Inferno, SK were the favorites but BIG had been upsetting stronger teams left and right throughout the tournament. As BIG looked to take A site through Arch, they ran into the wrong man as Coldzera picked off every single one of them and won the round.
10. Olofmeister vs Na'Vi at ESL One Katowice 2015.
The then best player in the world, Olofmeister had already earned a reputation of being excellent on the Tec-9. So much so, that the community had lovingly named them "Tec9meister". Olof proved why they merited that nickname when they plowed down the entire Na'Vi team with just a Tec-9 and armor.
On the B site of Overpass, time was running out for Fnatic as they rushed into B site. However, disaster awaited them as Na'Vi picked off every Fnatic member one by one except Olofmeister. Already with one kill in the bag, Olof went on to pick up every single kill and win the round for Fnatic completing a 1v4 clutch along with their ace just as the timer ran out.
The Tec-9 might not be as powerful as it used to be back in the day, it certainly left it's mark on the game, many thanks to Olofmeister. Watch the ace below:
Rawalpindi
City Traffic Police (CTP) have formulated a traffic plan to regulate city traffic and facilitate the motorists during construction period of underpass, being constructed near Gulshandadan Khan Jamia Mosque at Murree Road.
According to Chief Traffic Officer (CTO) Rawalpindi Shahid Ali Yousaf, the government has started construction work of a pedestrian underpass at Gulshandadan Khan, Murree Road near Double Road Turn so the motorists are advised to use alternate roads including Airport Road via Koral Express Way, Pindora, Kattarian Road, Peshawar Road, Double Road, 9th Avenue, Pirwadhai Road to travel between Rawalpindi and Islamabad.
CTP have made all arrangements to regulate traffic on Murree Road during the construction period, they said and urged the motorists to avoid using Murree Road particularly Chandni Chowk to Faizabad, Murree Road section which would help lessen the traffic load in the area.
Inspectors and Wardens have been deployed in the area to facilitate the road users.
They said, the motorists including Public Service Vehicles should not violate traffic rules and strictly follow parking instructions of CTP. Action in accordance with the law would be taken against parking rules violators, they added. The citizens seeking help and guidance can use traffic helpline, 051-9272616, Yousaf Ali Shahid added.—APP
NEW YORK (Reuters) - With European and U.S. lawmakers calling for investigations into reports that Facebook user data was accessed by UK based consultancy Cambridge Analytica to help President Donald Trump win the 2016 election, investors are asking even more questions about the social media company's operations.
A man waits for an elevator in front of a logo at Facebook's headquarters in London, Britain, December 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
An increasingly vocal base of investors who put their money where their values are had already started to sour on Facebook, one of the market's tech darlings.
Facebook's shares closed down nearly 7.0 percent on Monday, wiping nearly $40 billion off its market value as investors worried that potential legislation could damage the company's advertising business.
Facebook Inc (FB.O) Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from lawmakers to explain how the political consultancy gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims and said it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party application in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules.
“The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty,” said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
The scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway U.S. voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 election.
“We do have some concerns,” said Ron Bates, portfolio manager on the $131 million 1919 Socially Responsive Balanced Fund (SSIAX.O), a Facebook shareholder.
“The big issue of the day around customer incidents and data is something that has been discussed among ESG (environmental, social and corporate governance) investors for some time and has been a concern.”
Bates said they are encouraged by the fact that the company has acknowledged the privacy issues and is responding, and thinks it remains an appropriate investment for now.
Facebook said on Monday it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica and the company had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems.
“What would be a deal-breaker for us would be if we saw this recurring and we saw significant risk to the consumer around privacy,” said Bates.
More than $20 trillion globally is allocated toward “responsible” investment strategies in 2016, a figure that grew by a quarter from just two years prior, according to Global Sustainable Investment Alliance, an advocacy group.
New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer, who oversees $193 billion in city pension fund assets, said in a statement to Reuters on Monday that, “as investors in Facebook, we're closely following what are very alarming reports.”
Sustainalytics BV, a widely used research service that rates companies on their ESG performance for investors, told Reuters on Monday it is reviewing its Facebook rating, which is currently “average.”
“We're definitely taking a look at it to see if there should be some change,” said Matthew Barg, research manager at Sustainalytics.
“Their business model is so closely tied to having access to consumer data and building off that access. You want to see that they understand that and care about that.”
ESG investors had already expressed concerns about Facebook before media reports that Cambridge Analytica harvested the private data on Facebook users to develop techniques to support Trump's presidential campaign.
Wall Street investors, including ESG funds, have ridden the tech sector to record highs in recent months, betting on further outsized returns from stocks including Facebook, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O).
Jennifer Sireklove, director of responsible investing at Seattle-based Parametric, a money manager with $200 billion in assets, said an increasing number of ethics-focused investors were avoiding Facebook and other social media companies, even before the most recent reports about privacy breaches.
Parametric held a call with clients on Friday to discuss concerns about investing in social media companies overall, including Google.
“More investors are starting to question whether these companies are contributing to a fair and well-informed public marketplace, or are we becoming all the more fragmented because of the ways in which these companies are operating,” they said.
Joe Girardi explains why they made the decision to not request a review on the Lonnie Chisenhall hit-by-pitch. (0:46)
Girardi on hit-by-pitch: 'It was way too late' to challenge (0:46)
CLEVELAND -- The Baby Bombers were ready for October; their manager was not.
The young, up-and-coming New York Yankees chased maybe the best pitcher in the world, the Cleveland Indians' Corey Kluber, before the third inning ended. Gary Sanchez, Aaron Hicks and Greg Bird all homered, while the old guard, CC Sabathia, was turning in an Andy Pettitte-like Game 2 performance. They were up five runs after five innings and winning this ALDS was starting to become real.
And then, their manager, Mr. Preparation himself, Joe Girardi ruined it all, looking like the most ill-prepared person in the stadium, losing a game that will be remembered for a long time because of theirs mistakes.
The Yankees are on the brink of elimination in this ALDS, but Girardi's players deserved better. The non-challenge of the Indians' Lonnie Chisenhall's hit batter call in the sixth will sting Yankees fans throughout this winter, but what was probably worse was being too tied to their binder and lifting a cruising Sabathia in that dreadful inning for no apparent reason, except, well, that was the pregame plan.
Joe Girardi's biggest mistake in Game 2 was lifting CC Sabathia too early. David Richard-USA TODAY Sports
After the 9-8, 13-inning, more than five-hour loss, Girardi's answers didn't entirely add up. They said they didn't challenge the hit batsman because the Yankees ran out of time to see the proper slo-mo replay. This is believable because their video replay guru Brett Weber has led the majors with a 75 percent overturn rate. If they saw it, they would have informed Girardi.
But here is where it falls on Girardi. They claimed that they didn't want to take their reliever Chad Green out of their rhythm. This does not stand up because Girardi does that all the time, coming out to talk to umpires, sometimes for extended periods, and challenging calls. With their own catcher, Sanchez, looking over to him, yelling, “Foul” and Chisenhall's lack of normal reaction to being hit, Girardi needed to be instinctive.
In the sixth inning, it would be a good time to try a challenge; especially in such a trying time.
“Maybe I'll think different now,” Girardi said, coming as close to saying they messed up.
Francisco Lindor went on to hit a grand slam and the Indians came back, putting this game in the Yankees' lore, along with the Sandy Alomar Jr. 1997 ALDS homer off Mariano Rivera and the Joba Chamberlain Midges' game a decade ago.
But, while egregious, Girardi's replay mistake gets the silver in Friday night's manager mess-ups. The gold goes to lifting Sabathia, an easy first guess when it happened.
Girardi was using off some pre-packaged postseason playbook that called for lifting Sabathia after 5 1/3 innings even though there was no reason.
Sabathia had gone full Pettitte, and their line would have been even better if their defense, specifically third baseman Todd Frazier, hadn't let them down. When Girardi took the ball from him, the Yankees were up five runs and Sabathia had only thrown 77 pitches. But get this? Sabathia had retired 12 of the last 13 Indians and was facing the 7-8-9 batters.
But with one man on and one out, Girardi took the ball from the big lefty with the big heart.
“It's kind of what we've done all year with Green,” Girardi said. “It was all set up for Green to come in, and I decided to go. Usually, we give CC somewhere around 90 pitches. I think they were at 80, and it was set up for our bullpen. I went there, and it didn't work.”
So, even in this telling, Girardi lifted a cruising Sabathia with 13 pitches left in their tank. That could have been enough to get two outs.
Green could have come in for a clean seventh. David Robertson might have worked the eighth. And Aroldis Chapman could have taken the ninth.
As it was, Girardi had to lift Green for Robertson. Robertson, who threw 53 pitches in the wild card, looked good until an eighth inning homer to Jay Bruce tied the game. Girardi went to Tommy Kahnle, who got the job done to finish out the eighth. Chapman then pitched the ninth and the 10th.
“The one thing I haven't done a whole lot is throwing Chapman two innings,” Girardi said.
They did it Friday, but it was an inning too late. If Chapman had pitched the eighth and ninth, maybe the Yankees win.
The Baby Bombers may go on to great heights. They will grow from this experience. Their manager will need to, too.
The ALDS should be tied at one. It is not, because of the Yankees' manager. Girardi really earned this loss.
A 12-year-old Perth boy is in hospital after being seriously injured in a dog attack.
A 12-year-old boy is in hospital with injuries to their face and body after they were attacked by a dog at a home in Perth's south.
The boy is in a stable condition, and the dog impounded, after the attack at Kenwick on Sunday night.
It is the second dog attack in the city's south in two weeks after a bull mastiff cross killed boarding kennel owner Sue Lopicich.
Kozhikode: The death toll due to Nipah virus in the state rose to 15, with a 28-year-old man succumbing to the deadly virus here, a health department official said on Thursday.
Akhil, a native of Karassery, who was undergoing treatment at the Kozhikode Medical college hospital (KMCH) since May 29, died last night, the official said.
Two more persons, confirmed of having contracted the virus are being treated at KMCH, they said.
Besides, 1,353 people who had been in contact with the affected persons before the confirmation of the disease, are under observation, the official said.
Yesterday, Madhusudhanan (55) of Nellikode in the district, who was undergoing treatment in a private hospital here also breathed theirs last.
They were working as a Senior superintendent in the Kozhikode District Court.
The outbreak of the Nipah virus infection, a newly emerging zoonosis that causes severe disease in both animals and humans, is suspected to be from an unused well in Perambra which was infested with bats.
The natural host of the virus is believed to be fruit bats of the Pteropodidae family, Pteropus genus.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
NAIROBI, Kenya — Namibian media say an elephant trampled and killed an Argentine who was in a group of hunters tracking a herd of elephants.
The Namibia Press Agency said the hunter, identified as 46-year-old Jose Monzalvez, was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area 70 kilometres (43 miles) northwest of the small town of Kalkfeld.
The agency said Monzalvez, who worked for an oil company, was with another Argentine and three Namibians when they were killed. It says one of the elephants charged before the group was able to find a spot to aim and shoot.
The report says Monzalvez had a hunting permit with them and that relatives have been informed of their death.
(Reuters) - Sensex, Nifty rose on Tuesday, led by financial and IT stocks, but the gains were capped as material stocks such as Vedanta Ltd stumbled on losses in Chinese iron ore prices.
File Photo: A man walks past the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai December 5, 2013. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
The broader NSE Nifty was up 0.48 percent at 10,142.75 as of 0620 GMT, while the benchmark BSE Sensex rose 0.45 percent to 33,070.36.
“The rise in the market after 4-5 sessions of declines is a clear-cut case of short-covering,” said R.K. Gupta, managing director of Taurus Asset Management, adding the market would remain under pressure for the next couple of days.
Investors are also watching out for the U.S. Federal Reserve policy meet this week.
IT stocks rose after three sessions of falls, with the Nifty IT index up over 1 percent. Infosys advanced 0.9 percent, while Tech Mahindra Ltd rose 2.2 percent.
Financial stocks Housing Development Finance Corp inched up 0.9 percent, while State Bank of India rose 1.3 percent.
Aviation stocks also gained after data released by India's civil aviation authority showed domestic passengers numbers rose 24.1 percent on-year in February.
Shares in Jet Airways Ltd rose 1.6 percent, while Spicejet Ltd was 1.2 percent higher.
Meanwhile, metal stocks slipped as Chinese iron ore prices fell further, a day after posting their biggest daily drop in almost 10 months. The Nifty metal index fell as much as 2.5 percent, with Vedanta plunging 5.2 percent.
Shares in pharmaceutical company Cipla Ltd fell to their lowest since June 6 on reports that the U.S. regulator had found deficiencies in Cipla's batch production and control records after inspecting the company's Goa unit.
Among the decliners, state-run Canara Bank tumbled over 5 percent after India's federal police charged a former chairperson of the bank and others over allegations of fraud.
Glossybox, a BirchBox clone launched by the Samwer brothers back in 2011 to deliver willing consumers a monthly subscription of beauty products, has been acquired by UK online retailer and ecommerce platform operator, The Hut Group (THG). Terms of the deal have not been disclosed.
Glossybox had raised $72 million from four investors over its six-year or so run, according to Crunchbase. Its majority shareholders were Rocket Internet and Kinnevik Online.
The number of beauty subscription boxes has grown in recent years, as more companies jumped on the product subscription bandwagon.
THG has several subscription box products of its own, such as its lookfantastic brand Beauty Box, although it also offers subscription box offerings beyond the beauty space, such as its MyGeekBox and PopInABox brands.
The company couches the Glossybox buy as a strategic move to further extend its international reach — with the latter active in 10 markets: the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, France, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Norway and Sweden.
Glossybox has not disclosed subscription numbers recently, but THG reckons there's room to grow the brand by plugging it into its proprietary ecommerce platform-plus-marketing infrastructure.
THG, which operates more than 140 websites retailing premium, non-perishable FMCG products direct to consumers, claims “hundreds of millions” of users globally across its market footprint, shipping some 37 million items annually.
It also said it intends to invest in Glossybox's Berlin base — evolving it into a “tech-hub” for the Group.
Commenting on the acquisition in a statement, Matthew Moulding, founder and CEO of THG, said: “This is another significant investment for The Hut Group. In Glossybox, we have acquired a great brand, with a solid and engaged customer base that, once powered through our platform and marketing infrastructure, should be capable of further significant growth.”
While Caren Genthner-Kappesz, CEO of Glossybox, described THG as “the right strategic partner to drive our business forward”.
The press release doesn't mention the word ‘brexit' but a UK-based ecommerce player planning to invest in and beef up a tech hub that will be remaining within the European Union also looks like a nice hedge against potential skills shortages domestically. Hence THG lauding Berlin as “home to a highly tech-savvy community”.
NAWABSHAH, Jul 04 (APP):Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party Bilawal Bhutto Zardari claimed that Party would prove to be victorious in coming general election with thumping majority as its leadership and workers rendered a lot of sacrifices for the democracy.
They were addressing a press conference here at Zardari House on Wednesday during their election campaign, Bakhtawar Bhutto Zardari, former Sindh Chief Ministers Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Syed Murad Ali Shah, Ex Minister Manzoor Wasan and Dr Azra Fazal Pechohu were also present on the occasion.
Bilawal claimed that “Mujhay Keeon nikala” did nothing for poor people of Pakistan nor it gave any program to end poverty in their manifesto while Tehrik Insaf did nothing but made tall claims.
They claimed that PPP if voted to power would introduce “Kisan Card” and “Bhook Mitao Program” to end poverty. They said that water issue in Pakistan has turned serious and India was doing water
terrorism.
They claimed that dams are essential to resolve water issues and PPP would construct new dams when returned to power. They said that three provinces had reservations on the issue of Kalabagh Dam.
Declaring GDA as puppet alliance, it had vested interests, adding that anti PPP alliance has no importance in Sindh.
Bilawal claimed that the aims of PPP are the aims of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto for which we would continue to step forward and there is no one to stop us.
They claimed that people are with PPP and their big receptions in small and big cities would be remembered for ever.
To a question regarding election boycott by Pakistan Muslim League (N), they said that boycott of election is not a democratic norm and PPP is against it.
They claimed that if PML(N) is looking its loose in coming election and looking ways to flee then it would not be justified.
They claimed that election is a race and all political parties shall take part in it and people would decide and no one can win the election with show of power and threats.
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari claimed that some people and circles were finding excuses in delaying the elections, which aims at extracting vested interests.
They claimed that the stance of PPP is of holding of elections in time and the train of democracy shall continue to run. They said that it is the reason, they were visiting streets, towns and cities of Sindh for election and meeting people.
Regarding aliens, they said that there was no such creature. Bilawal claimed that PPP is fully working in Punjab and it would participate in election with full strength.
They said that PPP has ideological differences with other parties and added that alliance can not be made with Pakistan Tehrik Insaf as PPP disagree with every policy of PTI.
The National Electoral Commission Sierra Leone has come out with a clarification – and, to , an outright condemnation – of the news that theirs was one of the first elections recorded to the blockchain. While the blockchain voting company Agora claimed to have run the first blockchain-based election, it appears that the company did little more than observe the voting and store some of the results.
“The NEC [National Electoral Commission] has not used and is not using blockchain technology in any part of the electoral process,” said NEC head Mohamed Conteh. Why they are adamant about this fact is unclear – questions I asked went unanswered – but they and their team have created a set of machine readable election results and posted the following clarification:
pic.twitter.com/8cLMVvQPkQ — National Electoral Commission of Sierra Leone (@NECsalone) March 19, 2018
“Anonymized votes/ballots are being recorded on Agora's blockchain, which will be publicly available for any interested party to review, count and validate,” said Agora's Leonardo Gammar. “This is the first time a government election is using blockchain technology.”
In Africa the reactions were mixed. “It would be like me showing up to the UK election with my computer and saying, ‘let me enter your counting room, let me plug in and count your results,'” said Morris Marah to RFI.
“Agora's results for the two districts they tallied differed considerably from the official results, according to an analysis of the two sets of statistics carried out by RFI,” wrote RFI's Daniel Finnan.
Clearly the technology is controversial, especially in election law and vote-counting. Established players are already trying mightily to avoid fraud and corruption and Agora's claim, no matter how plausible, further muddies those waters. Was Agora simply attempting a PR stunt in support of its upcoming token sale. That's unclear. What is clear is the disappointment in Sierra Leone regarding their efforts.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Fengyuzhu Exhibition Co Ltd :
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FCnmoA Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
​Budget greetings card firm ​Card Factory ​is the latest retailer to report tough trading on the high street as consumers tighten their belts.
​The Wakefield-based firm reported a 0.4 per​ ​cent fall in first​ ​quarter like​-​for​-​like sales, marking a reverse from the growth enjoyed in the previous 12 months, as the weak demand on the British high street took ​its​ toll.
Card Factory, which reported full​ ​year comparable sales growth of 2.9 per​ ​cent in April, said it had suffered in the three months to April 30 as fewer customers ​visited the high street.
​​Chief ​e​xecutive Karen Hubbard said​: "​We have had a solid start to the year with further sales growth despite an ongoing sector trend of subdued footfall, which impacted the like-for-like performance​.​” ​
The company said in April that it attracted more customers to its high​ ​street stores​, b​ut many retailers were affected ​by bad weather ​​in March​ ​​which kept shoppers at home.
Card Factory left its full​ ​year outlook unchanged and said it ​i​s on track to open about 50 stores in the full year.
The company said overall sales rose 3 per​ ​cent helped by Valentine's Day and Mother's Da​y. It opened 10 new stores during the quarter.
​The firm said revenues at ​its online division ​Cardfactory.co.uk, which sells cards for special occasions from 99​p, is growing strongly.
In its annual report, Card Factory said sales for everyday occasions such as birthdays and anniversaries contributed nearly 54 per​ ​cent of its overall revenue while the rest came from small gifts like soft toys and party products.
Gettingpersonal.com, its smaller online business that sells personalised gifts ranging from mugs and frames to wine, has been h​it​ by steep discounting and the higher cost of attracting customers.
“Trading performance at Getting Personal has continued to be disappointing”, the company said.
On April 23, 2018 at 1:57 a.m., Fort Collins Police Services was notified of two-car collision in the 1300 block of East Vine Drive. A 2018 Toyota sedan, driven by Craig Babineau, 31, of Fort Collins, was travelling westbound on Vine Drive when their vehicle was rear-ended by a 1999 Volkswagen Passat, also travelling westbound on Vine Drive.
After the collision, an occupant from the Volkswagen Passat ran from the scene and was not located. The other occupant in the Volkswagen sustained serious, non-life threatening injuries and was transported to Poudre Valley Hospital by ambulance.
The driver of the Toyota sedan was medically treated and released from the scene.
Vine Drive was closed for approximately 7.5 hours while the Fort Collins Police CRASH Team investigated the incident. Police are working to determine the identities of all occupants in the Volkswagen Passat. Police believe alcohol and speed may have been a factor in the collision.
Anyone who has information and has not spoken to law enforcement should contact Officer Tim Brennan at 970-416-2229.
Bipin Dani
Observer Correspondent
Mumbai
Team India captain Virat Kohli has registered 33rd ODI hundred and first in South Africa on Thursday, thus joining the company of Sri Lanka's Sanath Jayasuriya and India's Sachin Tendulkar, who all have scored ODI hundreds in nine out of 10 original full members.
Jayasuriya and Tendulkar, however, have not scored a century in Zimbabwe and West Indies respectively, whereas Pakistan is the only country where 29-year-old Kohli is yet to register a century, but to their credit, they have not played there.
“Kohli is a fantastic player but our team will make it “hard” (for him) to score a century there”, Mickey Arthur, the Pakistan coach, now holidaying in Australia after the New Zealand tour, said exclusively from Perth.
“It has been a great pleasure to watch Kohli scoring against all teams and it is always enjoyable to watch their batting. However, our bowlers will not make it easy for them to score there”, the South Africa-born Arthur added.
It is not known whether India would travel to Pakistan in near future. But the Pak. coach was optimistic.
“Hopefully, India will come to play in Pakistan”, they signed off.
Pak captain heading for Umrah
Sarfaraz Ahmed, the captain of the Pakistan team has also sought a short-break. “We are going to perform Umrah in a week's time”, the captain's wife, Khusbakth, speaking exclusively from Karachi said on Friday.
“Our son Abdulla will also be coming with us”.
“Will be returning before the month end as Sarfraz has to play in the Pakistan Super League”, they added.
Gems and Java broke records this year, raising more than $80,000 for women and children's programs in Ethiopia.
A fundraiser for Mothers with a Heart for Ethiopia, the event raised 25 per cent more this year than the fundraiser did in 2016.
When it started out in 2012, the event raised $7,700.
“We are thrilled with the event, how it ran and our guests' response to the event and its outcome. Through people's generosity, we were able to raise so much money,” said Shelley Green, founder of Mothers with a Heart for Ethiopia and co-chair of the Gems and Java committee. “It's an incredible, incredible growth.”
The sixth annual Gems and Javas event took place Friday, April 7, and Saturday, April 8.
The organization's largest fundraising event of the year provides funding for current and future projects, which empower women and promotes education in Ethiopia.
“My heart is so touched and so encouraged by the generosity of all those who supported Gems and Java,” Green said. “I am incredibly thankful for the outpouring of love and care by all those who gave their money and all our volunteers who gave of their time and talents.”
To date, Mothers with a Heart for Ethiopia has donated more than $300,000 to projects that focus on children's education, and women's health and empowerment.
“The generosity of our sponsors, donors and guests sends an important encouraging message to the women and children in Ethiopia that they are cared about, they matter, and all of our supporters want to help create a better life for them,” Green said.
The fundraiser helps to finance several current programs, including a group home for boys, as well as a Spice Grinder project that empowers women to build businesses in rural communities.
They have also provided funding for surgeries for women to fix prolapsed uteruses, and delivered washable menstrual wraps for girls and women who have had to rely on dirty rags or leaves in the past.
A Girls Gotta Run program sponsors girls so they can attend school and receive running skills training, as well as life skills to help build confidence.
The Busajo project provides children living on the streets of Soddo, Ethiopia, with food, clothing, medication, education, a place to live and psychological care.
HRivers@postmedia.com
By Pat VerSteeg — The Roger Mills Chamber met this past Thursday at the Cheyenne Methodist Church and the members heard an interesting program about health and wellness in Oklahoma. The speakers, Steve Berry and Marsha Sanders, of the Western Oklahoma Wellness Initiative (WOWI) explained that wellness is about making the right choice, and that simple lifestyle changes can have a great impact in improving health.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
An upgrade to a major US signals intelligence centre in Northamptonshire has been struck by controversy after architects acting on behalf of the US Air Force and the Ministry of Defence nicked a photo of it – from a website devoted to uncovering secret military bases in Britain.
Alan Turnbull, who runs the excellent Secret Bases UK website, has a section of their site devoted to RAF Croughton, near Brackley in Northamptonshire.
The base is notorious for relaying information stolen direct from German chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone back to the US for analysis.
It also houses a number of communications masts used for broadcasts to American spies abroad, as veteran investigative journalist Duncan Campbell revealed. "Tech support activity" takes place there but RAF Croughton's most high-profile role is as a relay station for the American Special Collection Service, the joint NSA/CIA unit which targets foreign countries, friendly and hostile, for snooping purposes.
"A massive expansion programme is underway to construct a new mission building, known as 'PL1', and a new antenna field comprising six new 'golf ball' radomes," said Turnbull. Working on that expansion is the firm HRM Architects, which filed a planning permission application in support of it.
They added: "Someone thought it would be a good idea to lift from my website a copyrighted aerial pic supplied to me (and only me) by a specialist pilot/photographer. It is used without permission or credit in section 2.3 of the Design and Access Statement 'Site Analysis'. It is watermarked and these watermarks show on the planning application PDF!"
Section 2.3 from the HRM Architects' RAF Croughton Design and Access Statement
Comparing the page in the design and access statement written by HRM Architects with Turnbull's original picture shows that it is unmistakably the same image.
A blown-up view of the picture in the HRM Architects PDF. You can make out the Secret Bases watermarks as light bands across the picture, best seen against the brown golf balls at the bottom of the image
If you zoom in on the architects' naughty copy of the picture you can even see the Secret-Bases.co.uk watermark.
The view of RAF Croughton that was nicked from Secret-Bases.co.uk. Picture supplied by Alan Turnbull of Secret-Bases.co.uk and used with permission
We asked HRM Architects to comment on this but, after referring us back to Turnbull, they declined to do so, though we understand they do not believe Turnbull holds the copyright to the picture. Neither RAF Croughton personnel nor the MoD responded to Turnbull, they told us.
They added: "This whole thing suggests there are insufficient due diligence arrangements in place for an MoD contractor."
Croughton is formally designated as a Royal Air Force station to comply with various obscure laws about permanent foreign military bases on British soil and is under the nominal command of a British officer. In practice it is a US military enclave operating under US law and reporting solely to the US chain of command. The base itself dates back to the Second World War and was once a genuine RAF flying station, though the runways are long gone.
Curious folk who want to learn more about RAF Croughton can check out Secret-Bases.co.uk, the Croughtonwatch website (seemingly run by irritated locals doing a spot of ipsos custodietting on the American custodes) or run its co-ordinates through Google Maps: 51.9876, -1.1769 ®
33 M BY MARK KANE
Tesla finally is going to officially present the Model 3 in Europe.
It's around a year after delivering the first units to customers in the U.S.
The first opportunity for Europe will be the 2018 Goodwood Festival of Speed (12-15 July) in the UK.
The news comes from British Model 3 reservation holders that received invitations to come check out the car, but there is no info whether there will be any chances for a test drive.
Previously, the Model 3 was presented in Europe, but only unofficially.
The 25th anniversary of Goodwood Festival of Speed should be abounding with plug-in cars, so it's worth considering a visit to the event.
Tesla seems to like the Goodwood Festival Of Speed and returns there from time to time. In 2016, the Model X P90D was even racing on the track:
Source: Electrek
On 29 May 2018, reports appeared that Papua New Guinea's communications minister planned to institute a one-month ban on the social media platform Facebook. One day later, Sam Basil denied they gave that information to the Papua New Guinea Post-Courier.
The Post-Courier reported that Basil said the month-long ban will allow the government collect information “to identify users that hide behind fake accounts, users that upload pornographic images, users that post false and misleading information on Facebook.” The story was sourced by publications all over the world as an example of the ongoing fallout from Facebook's major, multiple data sharing scandals.
The next day, the paper stood by its report even as Basil claimed it was inaccurate:
Editor of the paper Todagia Kelola made this statement following accusations in Parliament by the Member for Bulolo and Communications and Information Technology Minister Sam Basil, that the paper and one of its senior reporters had deliberately distorted a statement they released in April and made up the one month shutdown of Facebook. “The Minister's denial using Parliamentary privilege yesterday to try to exonerate themselves by saying that they did not communicate nor release any information to the Post- Courier is a blatant lie on their part. “The report was sent in from Lae written by our Lae based reporter Benny Geteng who accompanied the Minister to their electorate for the launch of an NID program over the weekend. “After the launch the reporter asked the Minister to give an update on the proposed Facebook regulation and that's when the Minister stated that ‘it will take one month or so for a shutdown of facebook' while they attempt to work out the pros and cons of Facebook, and its effects on PNG,” Mr Kelola said. ‘‘The Minister cannot blame the paper or the reporter, they as a very senior Minister of State, should know that such a major policy announcement cannot be discussed openly. They should have told the reporter that its all off-the-record, instead they discussed the issue with the reporter knowing very well that it will be published.''
The newspaper's account appears to be corroborated by similar statements given to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) by Basil the same day:
MPs and officials have shown a high degree of sensitivity to Facebook posts, taking bloggers to court and decrying the use of social media to criticise public figures. But Mr Basil denied the proposed ban was in response to criticism or was a threat to freedom of speech. “I don't think so because MPs are open to criticism,” they said. “We must make sure the criticism they are providing is factual and they must have alternatives if they are criticising a government policy.”
The reported Facebook outage caused worries about censorship and motives. Opposition Member of Parliament Bryan Kramer told us in an email:
I believe the real intent behind the plan is to silence growing public criticism against the Government in relation to corruption. There is also the issue of prosecuting those who are staunch critics and running anti-corruption campaigns naming high level Government official.
Kramer told us they believe the one-month ban was meant to coincide with the 2018 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit set for later in the year, to avoid public criticism of government officials during the international event. They also said that they have “no doubt [Basil] made those comments [about the Facebook ban] off the cuff not realizing it would be published and the ramifications thereafter.”
In response to our questions about discussion of a temporary ban, Facebook sent us only the following statement: “We have reached out to the Papua New Guinea government to understand their concerns.”
Facebook is not widely used in Papua New Guinea, with the government estimating only one-tenth of the country's population on the social media site. However, it has also become a hub where people discuss politics and issues like corruption.
Basil has been tracking lawsuits and investigations into Facebook and psychographics firm Cambridge Analytica; in April 2018, they said the country got swept along by a wave of technology but never had the chance to evaluate issues like privacy and data security.
The move comes on the heels of scandals involving revelations that the profiles of 87 million users were given to Cambridge Analytica in the months leading up to the 2016 United States presidential election. European leaders have threatened to regulate or break up the social media giant as a result.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EURO CERVANTES SOCIMI SA:
* SAID ON THURSDAY REVISED ITS FY 2018 FINANCIAL GUIDANCE
* SEES FY 2018 REVENUE AT 5.3 MILLION EUROS VERSUS PREVIOUS GUIDANCE OF 0.6 MILLION EUROS
* SEES FY 2018 NET LOSS AT 21.4 MILLION EUROS VERSUS PREVIOUS GUIDANCE OF NET LOSS OF 26.0 MILLION EUROS
Source text: bit.ly/2BNDMIs
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Corrects 10th paragraph to say a majority vote of parliament, rather than two-thirds, needed to approve nominations)
* Good chance Kuroda will get another term but not certain
* May take until late Feb, early March to present nominee
* Timing depends on parliament debate on budget
* Career central banker will take 1 of 2 deputy governor posts
By Yoshifumi Takemoto and Leika Kihara
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's government will likely present to parliament its nominees of next central bank governor and deputy governors around mid- to late February at the earliest, sources familiar with the matter say.
There is a strong chance Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda will be reappointed when their five-year term ends in April, given premier Shinzo Abe's recent comments praising them for boosting growth, government and parliament sources say.
But this is by no means not a certainty, the sources say. While many in the market are betting on Kuroda's reappointment, some see the chance of other candidates such as Etsuro Honda, Abe's former aide who has expressed interest in the post, landing the job.
Kuroda and their two deputy governors - career central banker Hiroshi Nakaso and former academic Kikuo Iwata - will see their terms end on April 8 and March 19, respectively.
Nominees for such high-profile positions need approval by both houses of parliament to become effective. The government usually submits its nominees for various posts in two rounds.
The BOJ nominees are likely to be in the second round and won't be submitted to parliament until the first round gets approved, which may take until mid-February, the sources say.
That means the government's nominees for BOJ governor and deputy governors won't be presented to parliament until later this month or even early March, they say.
“It might not come until late February,” said a ruling party lawmaker familiar with the process, a view echoed by two other sources who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The timing will depend much on how smoothly the government can push through parliament the state budget for next fiscal year and find time to take the nominees' list for vote.
It is a near certainty the government's nominations will get the majority needed to pass parliament, as Abe's ruling coalition has enough seats in both houses of Diet.
The choice of the new BOJ leadership will be crucial as it would set the path of monetary policy and affect how quickly the central bank could follow in the footsteps of its U.S. and European peers in dialing back crisis-era stimulus steps.
While Kuroda has dismissed the chance of an early exit from easy policy, analysts see their reappointment as heightening the chance for a slow but steady shift toward monetary normalisation.
The choice of candidates with more radical views like Honda, an advocate of big fiscal spending financed by faster central bank money printing, may jolt markets as investors may see it as a break away from the current policy framework, analysts say.
The government will likely fill one of the two deputy posts with a career central banker with deep expertise on markets and technicalities of monetary policy, the sources say.
A reappointment of Nakaso or an appointment of BOJ Executive Director Masayoshi Amamiya, who masterminded many of the bank's monetary policy steps, are seen as possibilities, they say. (Additional reporting by Sumio Ito, Tetsushi Kajimoto and Takaya Yamaguchi; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Magnetic materials are extremely difficult to find. They're rare in nature, and creating one in the lab usually involves both a lot of experimentation and a little luck. Duke University, however, has found a way to take the mystery out of the process: its researchers have used computer modelling to help generate two new kinds of magnetic materials. The models whittled down the potential atomic structures from a whopping 236,115 combinations to just 14 candidates by subjecting the structures to increasingly tougher tests. How stable are they? Do they have a "magnetic moment" that determines the strength of their reaction to an outside magnetic field? After that, it was just a matter of synthesizing the few remaining materials to see how well they worked in real life, Engadget said.
This kind of modelling could help shave years off of the time needed to create a magnetic material, and that in turn could lead to discoveries that just weren't realistic before. One of the materials resulting from the Duke effort, a blend of cobalt, magnesium and titanium, is magnetic even at extremely high temperatures -- it could take much more abuse before it stops working. The other, a mix of manganese, palladium and platinum, is unusual in that it doesn't have its own magnetic moment but does respond to outside magnetic fields. Instead of scrounging to find any kind of magnetism, scientists could focus on developing magnets for specific purposes, Engadget said.
Joe Avary
Joe Avary has been with Cayman 27 since 2014. They bring 20 years in television experience to the job, working hard every day to bring the people of Cayman stories that inform the public and make a difference in the community. Joe hopes their love for the Cayman Islands shines through in their informative and entertaining weather reports. If you have a story idea for Joe or just want to say hello, call them at 324-2141 or send an email to josephavary@hurleysmedia.ky
Darren Criss has taken on a “Shakespearean” role in bringing the tortured life story of serial killer Andrew Cunanan to life in FX's “The Assassination of Gianni Versace.”
So said “Versace” director and executive producer Ryan Murphy on Monday night as they “played Barbara Walters” during a Q&A with stars and producers that followed the series' first public screening, held at New York City's Metrograph theater.
“Versace” stars Criss, Edgar Ramirez, Ricky Martin, writer Tom Rob Smith, author Maureen Orth, and executive producers Nina Jacobson and Brad Simpson offered insights into the limited series that has the hard task of following “The People V. O.J. Simpson” as the second installment of FX's “American Crime Story” franchise.
Here are 6 things we learned from the first look at “Versace”:
Like “People V. O.J. Simpson,” “Versace” takes on larger cultural and societal issues beyond the sensational details of how Cunanan gunned down fashion superstar Versace on the steps of their Miami Beach villa on July 15, 1997. Through the once-and-future prism of a period drama, the first episode raises timely questions about discrimination against LGBT crime victims by law enforcement, disparity in health care for rich and poor, and the sick market for cashing in on grisly celebrity deaths. Versace was one of the first major public figures to live their life openly as a gay man, and the then-and-now perspective on cultural attitudes toward the LGBT community is clearly a major theme, based on the first episode. “W e want every season of this show to be about that crime that America is guilty of,” Jacobson said. “We wanted to re-conjure what it meant to be gay in the 1990s.”
Don't expect a simple linear storyline in “Assassination's” nine episodes. “We're telling the story backwards. The first and second episodes are about the assassination (of Versace) and the manhunt, and then we go back in time. In episode eight you meet Andrew Cunanan as a child. The final episode deals with their eventual demise,” Murphy said.
Orth, author of the 1999 book “Vulgar Favors: The Assassination of Gianni Versace,” said Cunanan was product of the modern age with their obsession with achieving a measure of celebrity. They were “besotted” with the idea of fame. “He was willing to kill for fame. They wanted to be e verything Versace was, but they aren't willing to work for it,” Orth said. They added a harsh observation about the nation's current political climate: “The idea that they were willing to kill for fame — there's a line from there to getting famous from a sex tape like the Kardashians down to becoming president of the United States because you're a reality TV star,” Orth opined.
Criss became emotionally invested in playing the emotionally disturbed serial killer. The role is without question a career-accelerator for the former “Glee” star. Murphy noted that Criss is in every episode as the story drills down on the factors that made Cunanan go so wrong. Versace was the fifth victim on a killing spree in 1997. “Stories that bend people's sense of empathy are what interest me,” Criss said. “We're trying to humanize somebody who is so conventionally vilified,” they said. Murphy added: “We're not interested in the killer-of-the-week approach,” they said. “We're trying to understand the psychology of someone who would be driven to do those deeds.”
Ramirez also got under the skin of Versace, even though their character spends most episode 1 on a gurney in the morgue. Recreating the scenes of Versace's murder on the actual site of their villa in Miami was a challenging process, said Martin, who plays Versace's longtime lover, Antonio. “It was a profound, moving experience,” Martin said. “The crew was crying, the actors were crying — it was very intense.” Ramirez felt they channeled the soul of their character during their big death scene. They believed Versace lived through the trauma of being taken to the emergency room before they were declared dead at 9:21 a.m. “He was there,” Ramirez said. “He wanted to express something, but they couldn't, about the insanity and the tragedy that (his murder) could have been prevented and it wasn't.”
Criss also emphasized the importance of the production having access to the Versace villa. “That house — it bleeds their soul,” Criss said. “His creativity exits in every wall and every doorknob in the house. It's a living vestige of their legacy. I did feel their presence. I had to say a prayer for thanks and an apology for us exposing it. I'm hoping some light can be made from this very, very dark thing.”
(Pictured: Edgar Ramirez, Darren Criss, and Ricky Martin)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Punjab National Bank:
* SAYS KEEPS MCLR UNCHANGED ACROSS ALL TENORS WITH EFFECT FROM FEB 1 ​ Source text: bit.ly/2GG2lun Further company coverage:
According to the Kremlin spokesperson, the Ukrainian bill on reintegration of Donbass is unacceptable both de jure and de facto.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The wording of the Ukrainian bill on reintegration of Donbass is unacceptable both de jure and de facto, Russian presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Friday.
"This law… is very declarative in nature. It contains an article where the Russian Federation is called an aggressor, and it does not mention the Minsk agreements," Peskov told reporters when asked about two draft laws on Donbass submitted to parliament.
© AFP 2017/ Aleksey FILIPPOV Ukraine's Parliament Adopts Bill on Donbass Reintegration
"From the legal point of view, of course, such a wording can neither de jure nor de facto be acceptable to us. It is unacceptable. But from the legal point of view, this certainly contradicts both the letter and the spirit of the Minsk agreements," they said.
The Ukrainian parliament on Friday adopted in the first reading the bill proposed by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Donbass reintegration, and also generally adopted the document to extend the law on the special status of the region for one year.
The Northeast Rhythms rhythmic gymnastic group hosted an Open Gym at Swartout Hall in the Kerry Vickar Centre on Saturday, April 21 which included a performance for a large crowd that was in attendance.
sports + biz + culture + life
Get REDEF delivered to your inbox
rantnrave:// The usual roaring hype that accompanies Dallas Cowboys draft picks followed Ezekiel Elliott into the NFL last year, but there was more to it than the usual America's Team™ pomp. The former Ohio State star's ex-girlfriend accused them of multiple incidents of domestic violence in July 2016, and Elliott spent their rookie season playing, brilliantly, under that dark cloud. On Friday -- after the city of Columbus declined to prosecute Elliott, after other public incidents that contributed to what the NFL called "a pattern of poor judgment," after Elliott was named Offensive Rookie of the Year by the Pro Football Writers Association, and 13 months after the NFL opened its investigation -- that cloud burst. The league suspended Elliott for the first six games of the 2017 season. As with everything related to the NFL and discipline, the decision left a noisy and complicated wake. There are subtle intimations of a power struggle between Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, and there is the residual authoritarian squick of the NFL's high-handed and opaque prosecutorial process and its strange twist on due process. But given the NFL's endemic cluelessness and conflict when it comes to domestic violence, this may be as close to Getting It Right as we get. At the very least, the league listened to, and believed, a woman. ... On Saturday, after Bryce Harper skidded over a wet first-base bag and went down hard, it looked like the Washington Nationals would get some very bad news. On Sunday, they got the best bad news possible -- their star has a serious bone bruise in their knee, but no ligament damage; they could play again this season. Given that Washington already lost leadoff man Adam Eaton to a similar injury this year, they have to be wondering whether MLB could create better, safer bases. ... The weekend's "Unite the Right" hate rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, started ugly -- like, torchlit sieg heil-ing ugly -- and got worse; it ended in tragedy. Our games exist within this broader world, and can be a counterpoint to or a reflection of that world's great and small cruelties. Some athletes spoke out over the weekend, but Marshawn Lynch has always been more about that action, boss. When the Oakland Raiders running back took a seat during the national anthem before Saturday's preseason game, the act spoke for itself. Lynch told coach Jack Del Rio that they have staged similar protests throughout their career, but didn't speak to the press. If the ongoing Colin Kaepernick blackball is any indication, there is surely more bad faith and overstated controversy to come. When Lynch decides to speak on it, it will surely be worth a listen.
Some residents are praying for the project to fail, losing sleep, participating in protests, consulting lawyers.
Nathan Fenno | Los Angeles Times
What most fans dismiss as quirky plays, missed calls and statistical anomalies, Brian Tuohy sees as evidence of the NFL's corruption. "We see bizarre [referee] calls and bizarre plays and think, It's just one of those things," they say. "Well, I don't think it's just one of those things."
John McDermott | MEL Magazine
Colombia's victims of war find refuge in sport.
Eduardo Leal | VQR
The Washington Mystics and Indiana Fever passed the time in a leak delay by holding a dance-off at midcourt.
Robby Kalland | UPROXX
Murray led the Florida Panthers, the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the Ottawa Senators to the Stanley Cup Final and was named coach of the year in 1984.
Richard Goldstein | The New York Times
"It's not enough to be smart. You have to be curious."
Get REDEF delivered to your inbox
Recently opened division of AtaBank OJSC provides wide range of currency exchange services
2017-08-15 11:19 | www.trend.az | 1
Located on Pushkin Street near 28 May metro station “Sahil” division of AtaBank OJSC provides a wide range of currency exchange services to individuals and legal entities. Operations with USD, EUR, GBP, CHF, RUR, TRY, GEL, AED, SAR, İRR, JPY, KZT are available in this service point.
For the convenience of its clients “Sahil” division will serve customers on Saturdays too.
The new service center also offers all kinds of banking services, including cash settlements, deposits, money transfers, exchange services, utilities payments, consulting on business expansion and etc. to individuals and corporate customers.
The division's working hours are 09:00 - 18:00 from Monday to Saturday.
Contact number for exchange rates and other questions: (012) 136.
AtaBank's new “Sahil” division will be glad to meet its clients at new, comfortable office.
Operating since 1993 AtaBank OJSC is one of the biggest commercial organizations of Azerbaijan. AtaBank OJSC is a hi-tech universal Azerbaijani bank with 100% domestic capital. AtaBank OJSC is functioning with 31 branches and divisions in Baku and in the regions of Azerbaijan. AtaBank OJSC provides full complex of services to corporate and private clients.
For detailed information about AtaBank's services and products visit the bank's webpage www.atabank.com .
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India will allow unrestricted export of onions, the government said in an order on Friday, as prices of the politically-sensitive vegetable fell over a third in a month.
The world's biggest exporter of onion had imposed curbs on overseas sales late last year in an attempt to soften local prices.
In November, the government set a minimum price of $850 per tonne for overseas sale of onions, but subsequently reduced it to $700 per tonne.
Unrestricted exports from India could soften prices in key importing countries such as Bangladesh, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates and Sri Lanka, traders said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INDIA FINANCE MINISTER SAYS EFFORT IS TO IMPLEMENT NEW MINIMUM SUPPORT PRICES FOR CROPS IN COMING HARVEST SEASON Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting By Suvasree Dey Choudhury)
Apollo Hospitals has no major capital expenditure plans for the next three years barring Rs300-400 crore balance capex for its upcoming International Cancer Centre. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: India's largest hospital chain Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd plans to ramp up occupancies and work towards improving operational efficiency over the next three years, a strategy that is likely to help the company tide over its persisting problem of constrained operating margins.
The company has made significant investments in setting up of new hospitals and adding beds at old hospitals in the past few years, which had taken a toll on margins even as revenue increased.
While the company's consolidated revenue grew to Rs7,254.91 crore in financial year 2016-17 from Rs3,768,71 crore in 2012-13, operating margin declined to 10.3% in FY17 from 17.1% in FY13.
“Most of the capex (capital expenditure) is behind us. So for next three years, our focus is going to be on consolidation and ensuring that we grow our occupancy from the current 64%, operationalise some of the new beds in our existing hospitals and see how can we become much more profitable than we are at present,” Krishnan Akhileshwaran, chief financial officer of Apollo Hospitals told Mint in an interview.
Over the last three years, the company has added 2,400 beds, taking the total capacity to 10,084 beds in 2016-17. But the added capacity is not yet fully occupied and hence there is headroom for growth, Akhileshwaran said.
Apollo Hospitals has no major capital expenditure plans for the next three years barring Rs300-400 crore balance capex for its upcoming International Cancer Centre that will provide proton beam therapy treatment, they said.
The company has also received board approval for a rights issues of Rs750 crore, which is yet to get government nod.
In the last fiscal, the company's financial performance was impacted by certain one-offs such as demonetisation, coronary stent price cut, and losses incurred in the newly commissioned hospital at Navi Mumbai.
Akhileshwaran said the company will book some losses from the Navi Mumbai hospital in the first three quarters of the current year as well but the hospital is likely to break-even by end of March 2018 or the first quarter of FY19.
“We expect the recent capacity additions will drive 15% revenue growth. We expect losses to reduce from its newer hospitals given the company is at the end of its aggressive expansion plan. Further margins in mature hospitals should also improve with better case mix and augmented medical teams which will drive higher occupancy,” brokerage firm Elara Capital said in its 2 June report.
Capacity utilization at Navi Mumbai hospital and enhanced offerings in key segments like cardiology, oncology and organ transplant is seen boosting Apollo Hospitals earnings going forward, Akhileshwaran said.
Cardiology accounts for about 25% of hospital segment revenue, while oncology contributes 8-10%. “We are looking at how 8-10% can become 12-15% in next few years. We plan to expand oncology offerings in hospitals in Mumbai, Bhubhneshwar, and Visakhapatnam,” they said.
Apollo Hospitals has three key segments—hospitals (contributes nearly 60% to sales), pharmacy and health insurance. The company has in all 70 hospitals across the country and 2,556 pharmacy stores.
Under its wholly-owned subsidiary Apollo Health & Lifestyle Ltd, the company operates a retail health business, which includes birthing centres, daycare and short surgery centres, diagnostic centres, dialysis centres, dental care centres and Apollo Clinics for management of diseases like diabetes, strokes, liver ailments and joint pain.
“Our hospital services have grown at 10%, we definitely think, it should grow at much higher levels than that, especially with new hospitals also getting commissioned. Our focus is to take it to 12-15% growth. Standalone pharmacy should grow at north of 20%,” Akhileshwaran said.
At 9:55am, shares of Apollo Hospitals were down 0.7% at Rs1,316 on the BSE, while the benchmark Sensex index was almost flat at 31,167.41 points.
On 3 October 2017, a Facebook user shared a photograph of a racist letter that they said was sent anonymously to a daycare center with which their family is affiliated:
Hello I am writing this as a concerned parent and friend! So most of us noticed you have a black girl working for the daycare. Our problem is she's too dark most of the kids is scared of them I am only telling you this because some of us are planning to pull our kid form the daycare shes an eyesore. I see you're trying to touch all of the nationalities but maybe hire a light skinned black they would blend more and not look like a “NANNY”. She's not the first thing a child nor the parents want to see soon as they walk in the daycare. So the choice is yours! Choose wisely remember WE THE Parent PAY YOUR MORTAGE. I hope you make them aware shes not wanted. I'm sending them a copy as well. However if they need a job McDonald's is always hiring them kind. So work your magic and make it disappear!!! P.S. Just trying “TO MAKE YOUR DAYCARE GREAT AGAIN”
Twitter users posted different images of the same letter and made identical claims about it, and another person in the same state tweeted screenshots:
this letter was anonymously sent by a parent to the daycare center i work at. it's hard to believe people like this actually exist. pic.twitter.com/QE95P7Jj41 — lexi (@probablylexi) October 4, 2017
My boss received this letter today about one of our African American employees. Please share. #Stopthehate #stopracism pic.twitter.com/DEf8xWXh37 — Cyruss 🍑uaye (@CyrussQuaye) October 4, 2017
Although it is not uncommon for nasty letters and other controversies to be faked by social media users for attention or viral fame, this appears to be genuine; we reached out to the daycare center, who confirmed that they received the letter, but they don't know who sent it or why. Sarah Wojcik, a reporter for local news outlet The Morning Call, told us that that police are aware of the letter:
NEW YORK—The New Yorker magazine says it has cut ties with its well-known political reporter Ryan Lizza for alleged sexual misconduct.
A New Yorker spokesperson said Monday that the magazine recently learned Lizza had “engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct.” A CNN spokesperson says Lizza will not appear on the cable news network, where they are a contributor, while it looks into the matter.
Lizza says in an emailed statement that the magazine's decision was a “terrible mistake” and that they are “dismayed” that it was characterizing a “respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate.”
Lizza is known for a memorable interview with Anthony Scaramucci, in which the former White House communications director bashed colleagues in vulgar language. Scaramucci was ousted shortly afterward.
This article originally appeared in the February 2012 issue of Architectural Digest.
In some homes a sense of spirituality in decor is defined by dream catchers, meditation stones, wind chimes, and twisty stalks of lucky bamboo. The impeccably restrained Beverly Hills, California, house that designer James Magni renovated for a young dynamo in the health-food business interprets that concept in a completely different language. This is a place where serenity and otherworldliness are a function of pristine open spaces, seamless fields of white stone, sunlight, water, and sky.
“He wanted the house to be very ethereal and spare, with no boundaries or limits, because they don't have any in their own mind,” Magni says of their enterprising client. “He had a clear vision of how they wanted to live.”
“It is the first home I've built basically from scratch,” says the owner, acknowledging the scope of the project. “I wanted it to be a study in restraint—strong, masculine, and dramatic. Every inch of it should be intentional, but I didn't want it to look like it was trying too hard.”
Achieving this level of perfection was not easy. The 1960s dwelling had modernist bones but had not been updated in decades, and its low ceilings, cramped rooms, and indifferent architectural detailing militated against the client's desire for immaculate, soulful calm. In other words, this was no Barcelona Pavilion—but the allure of the spectacular views and hillside siting was irresistible.
So Magni stripped the 6,700-square-foot residence bare and reinvented it as an exemplar of rigorously balanced modernism. Every wall was rebuilt, every surface refinished, and every swath of interior space marshaled to fit the new plan's overriding geometrical logic. To create an organizing feature, Magni introduced a colonnade that channels visitors and view lines from the entry through the center of the house and all the way to the infinity-edge pool overlooking Los Angeles. They also angled the bedroom wing so that the structure now opens out in a wide embrace of the impressive vista.
“This kind of construction is brutally honest and unforgiving. When there are no crown moldings, baseboards, doorjambs, or hardware, there's no margin for error,” Magni says. “We actually had alignment meetings to make sure every detail was in harmony, including the topstitching on the cushions and bedsheets.”
The furnishings, purposely subordinate to the interior architecture and art, are entirely new save for a pair of meticulously restored and reupholstered Art Deco armchairs from France. Along with unimpeachable modernist classics by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Eero Saarinen are a wide range of custom-made pieces as well as items from Magni's signature home line, all imbued with a sober kind of elegance.
“With my personality, I find it hard to deal with patina,” says the owner. “I just like things that are crisp and flawless. So there are no individual wow moments. Everything is one speed—background speed.”
The art on display is perhaps the most prominent exception to the antiwow ordinance. Filled with intriguing works by ascendant talents (Joel Morrison, Mark Grotjahn, and Alexandra Grant, to name a few) who will be familiar to art-world cognoscenti, the collection evinces a keen curatorial eye and a sharp-witted sensibility. That said, the assemblage could easily have gone in a different direction. In the earliest stages of the project, the client, who had never bought serious art before and was following the advice of a friend, acquired an Andy Warhol camouflage print and a Damien Hirst butterfly print.
“I thought, Oh my God, I'm a collector!” says the budding Bernard Berenson. “I was so proud when I called Jim. They told me to stop buying immediately.”
Magni, who has a reputation for devising spaces sensitive to important artworks, connected the entrepreneur with Dallas art consultant Michael E. Thomas, a longtime collaborator. “Michael takes their clients on a journey that lasts a lifetime,” says the designer. “He shows them new ways of seeing.” So with Thomas as their cicerone, the homeowner immersed themselves in the field of contemporary art, eager to elevate their taste above the predictable brand-name superstars he'd picked up in their initial foray. Of the client's recent acquisitions, two stainless-steel sculptures by Morrison are particularly provocative and handsomely installed: Big Romeo I, a set of animal jaws with bullet teeth, placed atop the dining table; and Weather Balloon Caught in a Bear Trap, a delightfully curious creation with the pop flair of a Takashi Murakami and the polish of a Jeff Koons, dramatically positioned at one end of the gallery-like hallway to the master suite.
Bullet teeth may not hold universal appeal, but then again, neither does the prospect of living entirely without personal mementos, bibelots, and bric-a-brac. “This is simply who I am,” says the fastidious owner, for whom a resolutely minimal environment is something close to nirvana. “For me, order and cleanliness equal peace. No matter what kind of day I've had, no matter what happened at the office, I can guarantee that all my stresses and worries will be defused when I get home,” they say. “This house takes my breath away. There is nothing I would do differently.”
Source: Biti lays into Mnangagwa – NewsDay Zimbabwe April 17, 2017
THE People's Democratic Party (PDP) has warned the international community from being hoodwinked by Zanu PF into endorsing Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa as a moderate who would likely guarantee economic and political stability in the post-President Robert Mugabe era.
BY STAFF REPPORTER
The PDP in a statement yesterday said endorsing Mnangagwa as Mugabe's successor was tantamount to “accepting mediocrity”.
“PDP is opposed to the notion that Zimbabweans are supposed to accept mediocrity just to buy stability. We recently saw some statements by a gullible section of the international community who suggest that only stability in the post-Mugabe era is important,” part of the statement read.
Western countries and China have been warming up to suggestions that Mnangagwa should take over from Mugabe, arguing that opposition parties have failed to unite against Zanu PF.
“It is important to note that the current crisis in Zimbabwe is not only a crisis of instability but largely a making of incompetence, corruption, evil governance strategies, policy inconsistence and lack of care by the Zimbabwean government,” PDP said.
“We take exception of the sentiments by (top United Kingdom academic) Stephen Chan, their views are consistent with those of Chatham House and other British institutions.
“If you ask the Chinese what is the one big thing that should happen in Zimbabwe, they will say they need stability. Anyone who brings stability, whether it is Mnangagwa or someone else, and has the support to ensure that there is stability going forward, that person will be welcomed by both the West and the East,” PDP said.
Mnangagwa is also facing strong resistance from within Zanu PF, particularly from the members of the youthful G40 faction fronted by under-fire party political commissar Saviour Kasukuwere.
The Zanu PF Midlands godfather, however, reportedly enjoys massive support from the war veterans and sections of the security sector.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
The Nigerian Government has called for the peaceful resolution of the protracted conflicts between Israel and Palestinian. Nigeria says it is greatly concerned about the situation in many parts of the Middle East.
The latest tension followed the US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital. Amb. Olukunle Bamgbose, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, delivered Nigeria's statement at the UN General Assembly Debate on Question of Palestine and the Situation in the Middle East.
"Nigeria calls on all parties to make genuine efforts to find peaceful solutions and to cooperate closely with the UN and its relevant agencies accompanying them to realise this objective,” they said.“As the international community continues to seek avenues to advance peaceful settlement of the Palestinian question, international efforts remain focused on paving the way for Israel and Palestine to return to meaningful negotiations.
"It is a situation that has reverberation around the region and even beyond.“Nigeria believes that achieving a just, lasting and comprehensive settlement of the question of Palestine is imperative for the attainment of durable peace and stability in the Middle East".
Nigeria expressed pleasure at the statement by the Quartet envoys of Sept. 28, 2017, which welcomed the efforts of the Palestinians to create the conditions for the Palestinian Authority to assume its responsibilities in Gaza. The Quartet stressed the importance of close and continuing coordination of all efforts to achieve the common goal of the two-state solution in line with UN resolutions and international laws.
ABOUT COOKIES
We use cookies to offer an improved online experience. By clicking "OK" without changing your settings you are giving your consent to receive cookies.
OK
The Boston Celtics released their 2017-18 schedule Monday.
The Celtics had already announced that they would open their season on opening night, taking on LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers. Boston will also play on the opening Friday -- another big night for the NBA. The Celtics and rookie Jayson Tatum will take on the Philadelphia 76ers and their prized rookie Markelle Fultz, who was the first pick in the draft.
Boston will play the Washington Wizards on Christmas Day at 5:30 p.m. The Celtics end the season on a back-to-back, playing the Washington Wizards on April 10 before closing their season on April 11 against the Brooklyn Nets. That might be a game the Celtics want to win, if the Nets are in a position to gain ping-pong balls in the lottery.
The Celtics will have 34 total national TV games -- four on ABC, 11 on ESPN, 11 on TNT and nine on NBA TV. That's the sixth-highest total in the league, trailing the Golden State Warriors, Houston Rockets, Cleveland Cavaliers, Oklahoma City Thunder and Los Angeles Lakers.
The Lakers will make their only visit to the TD Garden on Nov. 8, which will be televised on ESPN. The Warriors will come to Boston on Nov. 16 for an early-season matchup on TNT.
The Celtics will travel to Utah for Gordon Hayward's first game back in Salt Lake City on March 28.
We will have more on the schedule tomorrow.
Gold futures recovered modestly early Tuesday, February 14, after suffering their largest single-session loss in some three weeks, as the dollar softened slightly.
April gold GCJ7, +0.05% rose $4.90, or 0.4%, to $1,230.70 an ounce. Prices notched their third straight session loss on Monday, even after they logged a sixth weekly rise in seven weeks on Friday.
Trading in the near term has largely shadowed the dollar. Gold is traded in dollars, so moves for the U.S. currency can influence the metal's attractiveness to those using other monetary units.
The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.24% fell 0.3% early Tuesday.
Currency and metals investors will hear from U.S. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen, who will appear before the Senate Banking committee at 10 a.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday and before the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday.
March silver SIH7, +0.16% rose 10 cents, or 0.6%, to $17.93 an ounce. Copper prices HGH7, -1.38% continued to edge higher as supply issues spread. On the London Metal Exchange, three-month copper rose by 0.42% to $6,153 per metric ton, its highest level since late May 2015.
The exchange-traded fund SPDR Gold Trust GLD, -0.28% was up 0.3% premarket, while the VanEck Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX, -0.84% rose 0.7%, MarketWatch reports.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Armed police were sent to a Cheltenham home in today's early hours over "suspicious circumstances".
A police helicopter, officers with firearms and a police dog unit were called at around 3am to a property in Oakland Avenue, Pittville.
The Gloucestershire police force control room said there were suspicious circumstances but no offences were found to have been committed after an area search.
(Image: Google)
It added that there had been a call from a member of public reporting a possible burglary at the site.
Asked by one person on Twitter whether police had "any joy", the control room tweeted "Unfortunately not. Next time....because there will be a next time!"
The response included units from Gloucestershire police, the National Police Air Service and TriForce - a specialist operation involving police in Avon and Somerset, Wiltshire and Gloucestershire.
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) has demanded the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) to take notice against Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) regarding horse-trading before the Senate elections.
PTI Chairman Imran Khan headed a core committee session to devise strategy regarding Senate elections and distribution of party tickets.
Furthermore, Imran Khan declared PML-N President Nawaz Sharif and their daughter Maryam Nawaz as the masterminds behind bringing disgrace to the institutions.
Orignally published by INP
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said on Friday.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures. Congressional negotiators are fighting over defence and non-defence spending levels for the fiscal year that ends on Sept. 30, as well as other unrelated matters.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It went out of date 35-years-ago, but what does the inside of this tin of Green Giant sweetcorn look like now?
The can was recently donated to a food bank in Cardiff, despite having the best before date of August 1982.
But it turns out that the sweetcorn has lasted pretty well - and looks exactly the same as you would expect if it was well in date.
Whether the same can be said about the taste is anyone's guess.
And it's not the only out-of-date product the Cardiff food bank has received recently after someone donated a tin of soup to that is so old that Heinz doesn't even make the flavour anymore.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
The rusty can had clearly been forgotten about long ago at the back of someone's cupboard, until the donor decided to have a clear out.
And when it arrived at Cardiff food bank - the tin of long since discontinued kidney soup was at least 46-years-old.
The Heinz ‘ready to eat' Kidney Soup, priced at 10d (24p in 'new' money) was handed into to the Trussell Trust Cardiff Food Bank on Wednesday, reports Wales Online .
Staff said the “hilarious” donation also included an 8p tin of Green Giant sweetcorn dating back to the 1980s and a 13p tin of Del Monte carrots.
Helen Bull, the trust's partnership and fundraising manager, said: “Especially at Harvest time people empty their cupboards of food they no longer need.
“It's out of a generous heart but I just think they don't think and don't necessarily look at the dates.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: Athena Picture Agency Ltd)
“It would be great if anybody wants to give us lots of money for it.
“It should probably be in a museum.”
The tin dates back to before decimalisation in 1971 – making it at least 46 years old.
Makers Heinz tweeted: “Wow! That soup was discontinued over 35 years ago. Should be in a museum rather than a food bank!”
Helen said the donation was made by an unknown person but came as part of a series of donations from schools and churches as part of Harvest Festival donations.
Unfortunately staff regularly find out of date food.
Helen said: “Sometimes we do end up throwing quite a lot of food out. We get an awful lot of out-of-date food.”
They said they plan to keep the tins in the office and will get a “smile” out of them.
(Image: walesonline)
(Image: walesonline)
Helen added: “We will certainly keep them. It might remind people to give us in-date food.”
The food bank costs between £80,000 and £100,000 to keep going each year and rely solely on donations.
It is currently short of tinned tomatoes, sponge cake, coffee, biscuits and custard.
They give people a “balanced” diet in their food packages but need sweet food to give people who have gone without food some quick energy.
To find out where you can make a donation in Cardiff visit cardiff.foodbank.org.uk/give-help/donate-food
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle Pause
1:52 Manatee County redevelopment and economic opportunity director gets to work
0:51 Giant gator at Buffalo Creek Golf Course in Parrish
2:59 How it works: red tide testing
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
Bakyt Tynalieva was appointed Chairwoman of the High Attestation Commission of Kyrgyzstan. The Department of Public Relations and Mass Media of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic reported.
According to it, the corresponding decree was signed by the Prime Minister Sapar Isakov. Bakyt Tynalieva was Deputy Chairwoman of the High Attestation Commission of the Kyrgyz Republic .
Its former head Abdyrakhman Mavlyanov was dismissed in accordance with submitted application last month.
Another order appointed Nurlan Atabaev as their deputy.
Earlier it was reported that «in order to improve the state policy in the field of attestation of scientific and pedagogical personnel of the highest qualification,» the HAC chairperson is now appointed by the Prime Minister.
City Times Staff
The Plover Knights of Columbus Council 13880 has scheduled two Jan. 15 events aimed at local youth.
The Knights will hold their annual Knowledge Contest in math and spelling on Sunday, Jan. 15 beginning at 10 AM. The event is open to all public school students in grade 5-8. Parochial students who wish to enter will be tested inside their respective schools.
Each test lasts about 30 minutes.
The Council is also holding its annual Free Throw Challenge on Jan. 15 beginning at 11:30 AM, open to all public and parochial students ages 9 through 14.
Both events will be held at St. Bronislava Church, 3200 Plover Rd. in Plover. Parents or guardians must accompany their child for either event. Registration will be held onsite.
For more information contact Don after 5 PM at (715) 252-2300.
Jimmy Butler and Gordon Hayward will have to wait until 2018 to return to their old stomping grounds, but Paul George will see the Pacers before Christmas.
The NBA released its schedule Monday, and the ESPN and ABC television schedules include Butler's return to Chicago, Hayward's reunion with Utah and George's first trip to Indiana after all three stars moved during the offseason.
George was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder after they made it clear that they would not re-sign with the Pacers when they become a free agent next summer. They will visit the Pacers on Dec. 13 along with MVP teammate Russell Westbrook in a game that will air on ESPN.
Chicago and Utah will have to wait longer to welcome back their former stars. It will be one big former Bulls reunion on ESPN in Chicago on Feb. 9 when Butler, Taj Gibson and coach Tom Thibodeau face the Bulls. Chicago traded Butler and the 16th overall pick (Justin Patton) to Minnesota for Zach LaVine, Kris Dunn and the No. 7 overall pick (Lauri Markkanen).
Editor's Picks Warriors-Cavs tops NBA's Christmas presence The Warriors and Cavs highlight a Christmas slate that includes the Rockets, Thunder, Celtics, Wizards, 76ers, Knicks, Timberwolves and Lakers.
Jazz fans will see Hayward, who signed with the Boston Celtics as a free agent, on March 28 in a game on ESPN.
Chris Paul will be back in Los Angeles to visit their former team, the Clippers, for the first time as a member of the Houston Rockets on Jan. 15.
Excluding the opening-week and Christmas games that were revealed last week, here are some other notable matchups that were revealed for next season:
On Oct. 26, New Orleans Pelicans center DeMarcus Cousins gets their wish to return to Sacramento and play against their former team. Cousins has been looking forward to this game since they were traded by the Kings on All-Star Sunday.
The Rockets play the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Nov. 1 (ESPN). If Carmelo Anthony is still in New York, they will face the team that they were willing to waive their no-trade clause for, only to see the Knicks hold out for a better deal.
The Brooklyn Nets visit the Lakers in D'Angelo Russell's return to Los Angeles on Nov. 3. The Lakers traded Russell to Brooklyn in a deal involving Brook Lopez that cleared cap space and made room for Lonzo Ball.
Joel Embiid will face Ball for the first time when the Philadelphia 76ers visit the Lakers on Nov. 15 (ESPN). Embiid and LaVar Ball, Lonzo's outspoken father, traded social media jabs during the summer. Also, No. 1 overall pick Markelle Fultz faces Ball, the No. 2 pick, for the first time in the NBA.
The Lakers are on ESPN 11 times this season, including on Nov. 22 when they visit the Sacramento Kings for a budding rivalry showdown between Ball and fifth overall pick De'Aaron Fox. Fox was disappointed when Ball was held out of a highly anticipated showdown at the Las Vegas Summer League in July.
On Jan. 3, the Thunder visit the Lakers (ESPN). Considering that George made it no secret that they originally wanted to become a Laker before being traded, this game will have plenty of buzz. The Lakers and Magic Johnson are gearing toward a big free-agency summer in 2018. George will be a free agent, and Westbrook could be too if they opt not to sign a supermax extension. Both are from Southern California.
The second of two regular-season matchups between the Warriors and Cavaliers will be played Jan. 15 in Cleveland. The first game is set for Christmas Day.
On Jan. 20, the Thunder visit the Cavaliers in an ABC game.
On March 11, LeBron James makes their annual trip to play the Lakers in Los Angeles (ESPN). There will be plenty of hype surrounding James' future and the possibility of them becoming a Laker next summer. James can opt out of their contract after this season, and they have been the subject of speculation with the Lakers preparing for their big superstar shopping spree.
For the first time in league history, the schedule does not have any team playing four games in five nights in the NBA's effort to cut down on injuries along with players resting during marquee games. Back-to-back slates also have been reduced to an average of 14.4 per team, down from 16.3 per team last season. No team has more than 16 back-to-backs this season.
Although not someone for personal glory, Hatters striker Danny Hylton admitted they do have one eye on reaching 30 goals in what has been a superb debut season for the club.
The summer signing from Oxford United bagged their 26th from the penalty spot at Mansfield on Easter Monday, coolly dinking their attempt over Stags keeper Jake Kean from 12 yards.
I'm delighted to get to 26 and will try and add a few more, but it's about the team and the achievement we want to achieve this season. Danny Hylton
Should they reach 30, they would become the first Luton player to do so in the Football League since Tony Thorpe managed it back in the 1996-97 campaign, when they went on to notch 31 times.
On whether they were looking at achieving such a feat, Hylton said: “Yes, of course, I won't put too much pressure on myself, 30's the next milestone though, so I'll just keep going along.
“There are three more games and then the play-offs, so six games to get four goals will be nice.
“I always say it's not about me. Of course I'm delighted to get to 26 and will try and add a few more, but it's about the team and the achievement we want to achieve this season.”
Hylton has the maximum of six games to do it, with Luton now looking to win promotion through the play-offs, after the top three spots were finally put out of reach yesterday.
The striker may not play a part in all of Town's remaining fixtures though as they are currently on 13 bookings for the season, with two more leading to a three game ban.
Hylton came close to seeing their name written in referee Mark Brown's notebook at the One Call Stadium after being left bemused at a number of decisions that didn't go Town's way.
They said: “A few baffled me they really did.
“One, when they gave a free kick against me with their centre half because I ‘made a movement towards the ball and then didn't go for it and the centre half missed the ball'. I still don't understand the decision, how that's a free kick? I really don't.
“But he's the referee and they make decisions. I get frustrated at times but you can't shout and scream, like maybe I did a few times today, you've got to keep your cool and carry on.
“The manager and coaches have had a word with me, tried to change that and get the referees on side rather than against me. “The bookings haven't been a problem in the last few matches. There's been one of two but that's just been for a foul or a standard booking.”
Town did benefit from one decision in their favour from Brown, with George Taft penalised for a clear handball after Hylton tried to flick the ball over them inside the area.
However, the striker felt their side should have been awarded another spotkick in the first half too when Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu's shot appeared to strike Rhys Bennett's hand.
Hylton added: “Again, obvious. They (Brown) said that they were too close to Pelly, but if their hand's not there it's got a chance of going in.
“It was an obvious penalty for me, they didn't give it, but thankfully they gave the one second half.
“I think their manager (Steve Evans) was saying it wasn't in the box. It was near enough the six yard box, I don't know, you know what they're like, they shout and scream for everything, thankfully they gave it and thankfully I put it away.”
Boss Nathan Jones did admit that they will have to consider resting their leading talisman if and when their play-off place is secured, adding: “Danny's on a knife-edge every single game they play, that's Danny Hylton.
“We'll make sure we look after him, but we've got to get over the line. We've got a big game next week (against Notts County), a massive, massive game.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SLIDELL, La. - Would you stop for gas if you saw this at the pumps?
This creepy video shows a massive swarm of mayflies taking over a convenience store in Slidell, Louisiana.
"I saw it last night around 11 and it was crazy," says Dalton Bond, who witnessed the swarm firsthand.
Kenny Hickman, who captured the frenzy on their cell phone, says it's unlike anything he's ever seen.
"I started filming it with my phone and I'm like I'm not getting out,” Hickman tells WGNO.
Thankfully, mayflies have a short lifespan and typically live for roughly 24 hours.
"I'm either having them for dinner, up my ears, up my nose, I haven't seen so many before swarm," says Hickman.
Just like moths, mayflies are attracted to light, so a bright gas station fits the bill no matter how unnerving their buggy behavior seems to us.
According to Entomology Today, mayfly swarms are common in late spring and early summer during mating season.
Which screen protectors work best with cases for Galaxy S8?
To protect or not to protect? That is the question many of us are asking as we debate whether or not to buy screen protectors and cases for the beautifully designed Samsung Galaxy S8
In the forums, there's been a pretty great discussion on the merits of using a screen protector at all on the Galaxy S8. Some folks swear that improvements to Gorilla Glass over the years have made screen protectors obsolete and question why anyone would want to possibly affect the clarity or touch sensitivity of the GS8's beautiful display.
On the other hand, a number of people have had screen protectors take the brunt of drops or scratches, while keeping their phone's screen safe from harm and point out that a purse or something in your pocket (or even those little rivets just outside the front pockets on a pair of jeans) can cause damage seemingly out of nowhere. Fact is, as tough as Gorilla Glass has become, it is always possible for it to get scratched or broken.
No matter where you fall on the debate, the fact is that it's hard to find a screen protector — especially one made of tempered glass — that accommodates the curved screen of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ and also lets you use the case of your choosing. Here are a couple options pulled from the forums that seem really promising.
Whitestone Dome Glass
The Whitestone Dome Glass screen protector was another option that was getting people talking in the forums. The big selling feature for this wet installation screen protector is its unique curing process, which uses UV light.
It's proven to be a very popular screen protector and is currently on sale for $30, down from $60. Check out this review and installation guide to get an idea of how this tempered glass screen protector uniquely adheres like no other screen protector you've seen before. If the worst case scenario has already occurred and your screen is cracked, think of this as a second chance screen before dropping hundreds of dollars on a proper replacement screen. With a UV light packaged to complete the curing process, this is a pricier option than other screen protectors out there, but based on video review and reviews on Amazon it's an early favorite. I guess time will tell how well the Whitestone Dome Glass holds up in real-life use.
See at Amazon
Spigen NeoFlex screen protector (2-pack)
Spigen makes great cases for the Galaxy S8, so it only makes sense that they'd also offer a screen protector that's compatible with cases.
This recommendation came from the AC community, and if you're alright with settling for a film screen protector with a wet installation, you should be happy dropping $8 for a two-pack. Because it's a flexible film, the NeoFlex can offer full protection for your screen without affecting the touch responsiveness. Paired with a case, your Galaxy S8 should be protected from drops and also save from scratches on the screen.
Spigen recommends installing the screen protector with a case already on — and if you haven't bought a case yet, Spigen has a great selection of cases to choose from.
See at Amazon
iTURBOS 3D PET Film Screen Protector (2-pack)
Recommended by neil_sugarbush in the comments, the iTURBOS two-pack of plastic film screen protectors are compatible with even the most rugged cases. That's in part due to these being PET film screen protectors rather than tempered glass.
This is a paper-thin screen protector that you will hardly notice after a clean installation. These screen protectors have an oleophobic coating to help prevent fingerprints and smudges and are easy to install. With over 100 5-star reviews on Amazon, you can buy with confidence. Get your two-pack of case-friendly screen protectors from iTURBOS for just $8.
See at Amazon
Ringke Invisible Defender Full Coverage Screen Protector
Ringke makes some quality accessories and their screen protector for the Galaxy S8 stands out from the rest for the wings that wrap around the sides of your phone. Recommended by Sdot312 in the comments, there are a few benefits to this unique screen protector style. Since the film wraps around the edges, you have the button cutouts to help you achieve the perfect fit giving you the full protection you desire while also helping to prevent the edges from peeling up with a case installed too.
These screen protectors are made of crystal clear urethane material and can be yours for just $10. The kit includes everything you'll need for a clean installation, along with an extra screen protector in case your first one takes a beating and needs to be replaced.
You can also get a two-pack for the Galaxy S8+, too, if you're rocking the larger device.
See at Amazon
Armorsuit MilitaryShield Galaxy S8 Screen Protector
Made with a durable military-grade film, the Armorsuit MilitaryShield is a thin screen protector that offers edge-to-edge protection. It requires a wet installation, with all the required tools and wipes included in the box. Armorsuit claims that this protector is virtually scratch-proof, with self-healing technology that will help eliminate any minor scratches from keys or pocket sand. It's available for just $8.
As with most wet installation screen protectors, you need to let this thing sit and dry for a good long time (up to 12 hours) to ensure proper adhesion and get a nice clean fit. Attempt to put on a case too soon and you'll have issues around the edges.
This was recommended by PJRed2008 in the forums, who admittedly had issues with their first screen protector and had to get new ones sent out made from an updated template. Since receiving the replacement, they've had no issues. If you ever have an issue with it, you'll want to follow suit and contact Armorsuit's customer service to take advantage of that lifetime replacement warranty.
See at Amazon
Where do you land on the screen protector debate?
Are screen protectors and cases a must-buy for any new phone you own or do you prefer the naked look and feel? Have you had hands-on experience with a screen protector that others should know about? Let us know in the comments!
Amazon is expanding its program that pays developers directly for their top-performing Alexa skills, by now offering these “developer rewards,” as they're called, to those based in the U.K. and Germany who publish “kid” skills. This emerging skill category was one of the last to be included in the developer rewards program, which already offered payments for top skills in over half a dozen other categories, including Education & Reference; Food & Drink; Games, Trivia & Accessories; Health & Fitness; Lifestyle; Music & Audio; and Productivity.
The developer rewards program quietly launched just over a year ago, as a way to encourage developers to build voice apps for Alexa before the ecosystem had expanded to include support for other monetization options like the in-app purchases and subscriptions offered today. The program helped to seed Amazon's skill store with more content, while also rewarding quality apps that gain traction with consumers.
The initiative has seemingly had an impact – Alexa is now adding 5,000 new skills every 100 days, and reached over 30,000 in the U.S. as of March.
Amazon says today it has since paid out “millions” to developers in 23 countries as a result of this program.
Some individual voice app developers, like game maker Volley, have reported earning in the five-figure range on a monthly basis from Amazon's program, to give you an idea of the payout potential.
With the expansion to Kids skills in the U.K. and Germany, the hope is now to encourage U.S. developers to roll out their app (or localize it) for other markets.
Making other markets a priority will be important for Amazon, as the smart speaker race heats up outside the U.S. Earlier this month, analysts at Canalys noted that U.S. smart speaker market share fell below 50 percent for the first time. Notably, Google outsold Amazon for the first time as well, with 3.2 million Google Home and Home Minis sold to Amazon's 2.5 million Echo shipments.
This also comes on the heels of Amazon's launch of an Echo Dot Kids Edition, which combines Echo Dot hardware with a FreeTiime Unlimited subscription for kid-safe content, including, now, the ability to whitelist voice apps.
In addition to the inclusion of kid skills in the developer rewards, Amazon also announced a new perk for developers: free Echo devices. If the skill gains 100 customers in the first 30 days live, developers earn an Echo Dot. If it has the most unique users that month, they earn an Echo Spot. And just for publishing, they'll receive an Amazon Alexa backpack. These are limited time promotions, however – more details are here (U.K.) and here (Germany).
"I'm back! Uncharted territory! Bold new discoveries!"
Scrooge McDuck is back, and he's got their great-nephews in tow. A golden jewel of Disney Afternoon is coming back on Disney XD, who is offering the opening double-episode special "Woo-oo" for free on Google Play. Say it with me now: WOO-OO!
DuckTales new series has a new art style that pays tribute to its comic-book roots, more diversified personalities for its cast, and a lot of great voice talent. David Tennant, aka The Tenth Doctor from Doctor Who, makes for an utterly delightful Scrooge McDuck, seamlessly switching from crotchety to cocky to charming as their great nephews drag them into peril after peril. The triplets are back, and Donald Duck's nephews are more than a different color this year, from the reckless, adventure-seeking Dewey to the organization-obsessed goody-goody Huey to smooth-talking slacker Louie, who are all eager to escape from Donald's overprotective watch and go have some fun. Even Webby has gotten a geek-girl upgrade.
If you're wanting to check out the special before adding it to your carefully curated Google Play library, the special is also free to watch on YouTube right now, too. But really, why would you stream it there when you can own it for free?
DuckTales on Google Play
Size matters in a lot of areas (you know what we mean) but in archeology, the tiniest of finds are often more important that the biggest. That may be the case in Alexandria, Egypt, where archeologists have uncovered the largest granite sarcophagus ever found in that ancient city and a huge stone head that may be the image of the potentially large resident of the coffin. However, they're more excited about a find in a huge (there's that size word again) Greco-Roman era bath — a tiny gold coin with the face of King Ptolemy III, the 3rd century BCE ruler who helped build the Great Library of Alexandria, promoted freedom of religions and was an ancestor of Cleopatra.
In announcing the discovery, Dr Ayman Ashmawy, head of the Ancient Egyptian Antiquities Sector of the Egyptian government, seemed more excited about the coin that the unusual fact that the mortar sealing the sarcophagus has never been broken, so the lid has never been opened nor the contents disturbed or removed. The black granite sarcophagus is 6 feet (185 cm)tall, 8.6 feet (265 cm) long, 5.4 feet (165 cm) wide and was discovered buried 16 feet deep in the unknown tomb … at least until the identity of the big giant head (no, it's not William Shatner) (5.4 ft). And no, it's not a life-size replica of the owner of the coffin – there are most likely a Russian doll's nest of coffins inside the big granite box and the mummy will probably be smaller in size than in historical stature. (Photos here.)
Speaking of small, the coin found at the San El-Hagar archaeological site is one inch (2.6 cm) in diameter and says “Land of Prosperity” and Ptolemy's name on the tails side. The bath itself (photo here) is 52.5 feet (16 meters) by 11.5 feet (3.5 meters) long – plenty of room for soaking or laps (or wet orgies). If that's not enough artifacts for one week, a small bronze statue of Osiris, god of the afterlife, was discovered unexpectedly and unceremoniously by workings removing waste at the King Djoser step pyramid. (Photos here).
There are no coins or wall graffiti or baths or full statues to identify the owner of the sarcophagus or the 15.5 inch (40 cm) head, nor are there any identifying features on the face. Alabaster is a soft rock and much of the face is worn away. The best solution is to open the coffin, but plenty of approvals have to be obtained and papers signed first.
All of these finds are further proof that size doesn't always matter when it comes to Egyptian artifacts and you can't throw a stone there without hitting a tomb. Just don't get caught.
German startup N26 just raised a $160 million Series C round led by Tencent and Allianz — some of N26's existing investors are also participating. The company has attracted 850,000 customers and raised $215 million in total. N26 is building a retail bank from scratch.
The company plans to double down on everything it's been doing so far. It means more expansions, more partnerships with other fintech products, more features and more engineers. Allianz is investing through its Allianz X investment arm.
“I think Tencent and Allianz are a great combination or investors,” N26 co-founder and CEO Valentin Stalf told me. “In the last 10 years, Tencent became one of the five most valuable companies in the world — it's a pioneer in mobile payment and also fintech in general.”
Tencent is the company behind WeChat, mobile payment service WeChat Pay, WeBank, TenPay and countless of products.
“On the other hand, when you look at Allianz, it's one of the most traditional finance companies in the world and also from Germany,” they continued. “It is a traditional brand that also believes in the changes of the financial industry.”
The company goes one step further and is also setting some aggressive goals with this funding round. N26 plans to reach more than 5 million customers by 2020. This year alone, N26 plans to process $16 billion (€13 billion) in transaction volume. British competitor Revolut currently processes $1.5 billion per month. It seems like there's enough room for both of them to grow for now.
This funding round really brings N26 to a pre-IPO stage Valentin Stalf
While many companies use funding rounds to share some information about their roadmap, N26 has already announced a few things. N26 plans to roll out its product in the U.K. and the U.S. later this year.
Some products, such as savings, invest, overdraft and insurance are limited to Germany and/or Austria. The company will roll out those features to more markets in the future.
It's also worth noting that N26 is now talking about leveraging artificial intelligence to create a smart banking experience. So you can expect some level of automation in the future if you're fine with a robot managing your money.
I also asked Stalf about plans to expand beyond Europe and the U.S. given Tencent's investment, but it's not on the roadmap for now. “It doesn't necessarily mean anything about our plans to go to Asia,” they said.
There are now 380 people working for N26. The company plans to hire more people, which should speed up product updates. And here are two things you can expect this year. First, N26 is working on shared accounts so that you can use your N26 account with your significant other. Second, you can expect some multi-currency features after the U.K. launch.
“It's a good round to be as independent as possible,” Stalf said. “This funding round really brings N26 to a pre-IPO stage. I think we see a clear path to a very sustainable company with this funding round. Maybe in the next five years there will be an IPO.”
That's one way of saying that N26's valuation is now too high for a quick acquisition. Nevertheless, it's great to see a potential European tech giant growing so quickly and willing to remain an independent company.
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
FRIBOURG, Switzerland — Michael Matthews of Australia won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue on Tuesday for their first victory of the season.
Matthews was one second faster than Tom Bohli of Switzerland on the 4-kilometre (2-1/2 mile) route around Fribourg. Primoz Roglic of Slovenia was third.
After a stellar 2017, when they won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher, Matthews had a low-key European spring season.
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a "massive relief" to get their first win.
LONDON (Reuters) - Counter-terrorism officers are now involved in the investigation of an incident near the southwestern English city of Salisbury which has left two people in critical condition, London's police force said on Wednesday.
“Given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury,” the Metropolitan Police said in a statement.
“As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident.”
Police in Wiltshire, where Russian ex-double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March, took the rare step of declaring a major incident after a man and a woman were found unconscious on Saturday in Amesbury.
Hollywood's lobbyist in chief, Charles Rivkin Tuesday delivered a message of hope for the theatrical cinema industry, in Asia and the rest of the world.
The chairperson and CEO of the Motion Picture Association, Rivkin suggested that film has enduring cultural power, as well as the power to make cross-cultural connections.
“Audiences across Asia are devouring American content.. it is our responsibility to continue creating compelling content, and nurturing talent,” they said. Rivkin was speaking in Hong Kong at the CineAsia, the largest annual convention of cinema exhibitors and distributors in Asia.
Rivkin's upbeat message comes at a time when theatrical cinema is challenged by online platforms, shrinking release windows, and changing retail patterns.
Asia, however, represents a different outlook. It is already the largest segment of the world's theatrical market, representing 39% of global box office, and offers the strongest growth prospects.
“Asia is setting the pace of cinema building,” said Rivkin, citing China's 20 screens per day building pace. “These new theaters are being built to meet modern-day demands.” They cited the addition of bars and laser projection as adding to consumer comfort and attraction.
Inevitably, Rivkin included a warning on movie piracy. “We need to do more to compete with the increasingly prevalent issue of global piracy. That requires a global response. They cited survey figures that show 24% of adults in Australia admitting to using piracy to access content. That figure rises to 39% in supposedly law-abiding Singapore. They encouraged Asian companies to join the six MPA studios and 22 other member companies in Alliance for Creativity and Entertainment (ACE).
According to the MPA's data box office in the Asia-Pacific region was worth $14.6 billion in 2016, ahead of the $11.4 billion of North America. The Asian figures are expected to have grown again, with China growing a predicted 15% in 2017 and adding more than $1 billion to the total.
BRUSSELS (Sputnik) - Western strikes on Syria were aimed at preventing human suffering by reducing the government's chemical weapons capabilities, UK Minister of State for the Middle East at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office Alistair Burt said on Tuesday at the Brussels Conference Supporting the Future of Syria and the Region.
"The recent airstrikes carried by the United Kingdom, the US and France were carefully targeted. Their purpose was to prevent further human suffering by degrading the Syrian regime chemical weapons capabilities and to restore the international law that these weapons must not and should not be used," Burt said.
The official pointed out that London would continue to cooperate with the international community in order to hold those responsible for the chemical attacks to account.
READ MORE: Only Goal of French Airstrikes on Syria Was to ‘Label Assad as Enemy' — MEP
The minister also expressed their disappointment with the fact that the UN proposal for an independent investigation into the Duma incident had been vetoed.
© AP Photo / Hassan Ammar US Challenges UN System by Striking Syria - Russian Security Council
On April 10, the UN Security Council failed to adopt either of the two Russian-drafted resolutions or the one drafted by the United States — all three called for an investigation into the reported chemical attack — because the diplomats from both sides had used their veto powers to block each other's proposals.
The United States, the United Kingdom and France carried out strikes on Syria on April 14 following reports of a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus suburb of Douma, which they believed was carried out by the Syrian government. Damascus has refuted the accusations, saying that the chemical attack was staged, and condemned the Western strikes.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Union Bank Of India Ltd:
* APPROVED ‍TO RAISE TOTAL CAPITAL TO UP TO 80.24 BILLION RUPEES IN FORM OF EQUITY CAPITAL/AT 1 CAPITAL/TIER II CAPITAL DURING 2017-18​
* APPROVED TO RAISE EQUITY CAPITAL TO UP TO 65.24 BILLION RUPEES Source text: bit.ly/2s2vCfx Further company coverage:
Speaking in Thornhill, Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne said their party had more details in its mock version of a costed Ford platform than the PCs do in their official document released Wednesday afternoon.
A Western University economist who has been tracking party platforms has estimated that the PCs could run a deficit anywhere from $5.8 billion to $12.7 billion in 2019-20, depending on what numbers they start out with, with the Liberals at $6.6 billion and the NDP at $5.5 billion.
However, according to their work, the Tories end up with the highest deficits over a four-year mandate. By 2021, the PCs would have a $7.6 billion to $12.9 billion deficit, the Liberals $5.6 billion and the NDP just over $5 billion.
"It's unfortunate (the PCs) haven't costed this out, they haven't explained how they are going to pay for any of this — are they going to deficit finance it, are they going to make cuts somewhere else," said Mike Moffatt.
"I think that's problematic — voters should be able to access this information so they know what they are voting for."
They also noted that Ford's frequent promise to find $6 billion in efficiencies is no longer in the plan that's now posted online.
"There is a line about efficiencies existing" across all government, but nothing specific.
"It's hard to tell," if voters will care about the lack of details, Moffatt added. "I'm not naïve enough to believe that voters go over platforms with a fine-tooth comb, but voters want to know parties have done their homework."
Chris Cochrane at the University of Toronto said the lack of a full platform likely won't bother "too many voters, but it also won't reassure anyone who has doubts about the PC party's readiness to govern. The main benefit of a costed platform is that it provides voters with a sense of how a party will handle the trade-offs of governing.
"Without a costed platform, the party doesn't have to worry about trade-offs," said the political science professor.
"As far as elections go, this one certainly provides a clear choice for voters, with or without a costed platform from the PCs."
Among the PC promises:
• Reducing hydro bills by 12 per cent, at a cost of $800 million a year to the government.
• $1.19 billion a year to reduce gas prices.
• Middle-class income tax cut, costing government coffers $2.26 billion a year (starting in year three).
• Child-care tax credits, costing the government $389 million a year.
• Spending $1.9 billion over 10 years on mental health/addictions.
• $98 million a year for free dental care.
• $100 million more for autism services.
With files from Robert Benzie and Rob Ferguson
As the 2017-18 school year closes, loose ends are being tied and youth camps are in full swing.
But taking a look down the road to the 2019 football season, Clinton County can open a gift as if it's Christmas.
The Cider Keg series is back on.
Blanchester and Clinton-Massie are scheduled to end a two-year hiatus when the teams square off in Week 4 at Frank Irelan Field, BHS athletic director Bryan Pennix said.
Cindy Running, the CM athletic director, said Blanchester will take of the place of Miami Trace on the schedule. For Blanchester, Massie slips in when the two-year deal with Wilmington ends after this season.
The Cider Keg game in 2020 is scheduled for Blanchester's Barbour Memorial Field.
Clinton-Massie has won the last 10 meetings between the two schools in football but the 2016 game was a two-day thriller. Massie led 20-16 at halftime then lightning forced the game to be postponed to the next day. The Falcons scored twice in the third quarter but had to hold off the Wildcats for a 33-29 win.
In 52 meetings, Clinton-Massie has a 34-18 series lead.
The News Journal touched base with each of the county's high school athletic directors on Wednesday and came up with this report:
• Wilmington: Troy Diels said softball remains the only open varsity coaching position. While girls golf has not officially been filled, Diels believes they have a to take the position.
Also, the transition from Donna Seeger as athletic secretary to Stephanie Reveal will begin soon. Seeger is retiring after 33 years with the district, including since 2002 in the athletic department.
• Clinton-Massie: Running said fall and winter varsity coaching posts are full but the recently completed spring season is still up in the air for 2019. They have not been told officially any of the varsity spring coaches do not plan to return.
Running said there are two new varsity assistant positions for boys and girls basketball to fill. Previously those positions were volunteer opportunities.
They added the softball team raised money and received donations for a batting cage next to the field. The baseball program is trying to put in a “decent” concession stand, pressbox facility at Paul Schwamberger Field.
• East Clinton: Jim Marsh said the lone varsity head coaching position currently open is for the boys and girls swimming program. Anyone interested should contact Marsh at the following email address (jim.marsh@eastclinton.org).
East Clinton also has eighth grade boys basketball and junior high school girls track and field coaching jobs available.
• Blanchester: Pennix said they are not expecting any varsity coaching openings for the 2018-19 school year. There is a 3-on-3 basketball tournament set for this weekend to raise money for the girls basketball program. Contact Bradon Pyle at BHS for information.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_LOGO-4-county-4.jpg https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_Cider.Keg_.jpg This 2016 file photo is from the last meeting in the Cider Keg series between the football teams from Blanchester and Clinton-Massie high schools. The series will begin again in 2019 after a two-year hiatus. https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_FB1_cmpatME.jpg This 2016 file photo is from the last meeting in the Cider Keg series between the football teams from Blanchester and Clinton-Massie high schools. The series will begin again in 2019 after a two-year hiatus. Mark Huber | News Journal File
By Mark Huber mhuber@wnewsj.com
Reach Mark Huber at 937-556-5765, via email mhuber@wnewsj.com or on Twitter @wnjsports
Reach Mark Huber at 937-556-5765, via email mhuber@wnewsj.com or on Twitter @wnjsports
Jim/Bill,
The labor force participation rate declined by 0.2 percentage points to 62.7 percent in May, but has shown no clear trend over the past 12 months. The employment-population ratio edged down to 60.0 percent in May. (See table A-1).
Don't forget that the figures are misleading because a lot of people that work part time are included in the employment rate. It is all optics!
CIGA GG
——————————————————————————-
I expect we will see a belated reaction when people finally wake up to what is happening or when we again see some weak economic figures. The US dollar is toast!
CIGA GG
Jim/Bill,
I have only one question………
Who will buy the “crap” (MBS)?
and the bigger “crap” (TRSY's)?
CIGA Wolfgang Rech
Fed Reveals Balance Sheet “Normalization” Schedule: Will Reduce Reinvestments By $10BN/Month
June 14, 2017
Coming in earlier than many expected, the Fed for the first time laid out how it plans to “normalize” its balance sheet which it expects to reduce by trimming reinvestments in TSYs at a rate of $6Bn/month initially, and MBS at $4Bn/month, or a total of $10bn/month, and will increase the reinvestment caps in steps of 10bn at 3-month intervals over 12 months until it reaches a total 50bn per month.
Indicatively this is well below Goldman's expectation of $10bn and $5bn initial caps for TSYs and MBS, as we showed over the weekend.
As It's said in the addendum to the materials, “the Committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated” with directions to read a Policy Addendum.
More…
——————————————————————————-
One noteworthy reality about Europe's current political leadership is summarised here by Phil Lawler:
“• Macron, the newly elected French president, has no children.
• German chancellor Angela Merkel has no children.
• British prime minister Theresa May has no children.
• Italian prime minister Paolo Gentiloni has no children.
• Holland's Mark Rutte,
• Sweden's Stefan Löfven,
• Luxembourg's Xavier Bettel,
• Scotland's Nicola Sturgeon—all have no children.
• Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, has no children.
“So a grossly disproportionate number of the people making decisions about Europe's future have no direct personal stake in that future.”
If true, this is most interesting…
CIGA B
——————————————————————————-
Jim/Bill,
Yields on the 10 year bond crashed from 2.20 to 2.11 this morning, indicating worsening economic activity, continued loose monetary policy, and after today, possibly no more rate hikes…lest we dive into a depression.
The smart money (Bond Market) has voted.
CIGA Wolfgang Rech
GM Extends Plant Shutdowns As Toxic Trifecta For Auto Loans Fuels Carmageddon
June 14, 2017
In yet another unsurprising headline, The Wall Street Journal reports that GM will extend the typical summer shutdown at certain U.S. factories to deal with slumping sales and bloated inventory, a sign the industry's hot streak is grinding to a halt.
The No. 1 U.S. automaker in terms of sales will idle its Chevrolet Malibu factory near Kansas City for five weeks starting in late June, Vicky Hale, president of the United Auto Workers Local 31, said. Job cuts will be needed if GM is forced to slow assembly-line speeds when those workers return.
Additional downtime is also slated in Lordstown, Ohio, a small-car factory already stung by deep layoffs related to a pullback in demand for passenger cars. A GM spokesperson declined to comment on specific plans.
More…
Presiding Archbishop and General Overseer of the Action Chapel International Ministry, Arch Bishop Nicholas Duncan-Williams says it is inappropriate to blame women for the fall of man.
According to Archbishop Duncan-Williams, it is wrong to blame the woman for falling to the tricks of the devil in the garden of Eden because a man was there when the devil begun tempting the woman and never boarded to intervene.
Speaking in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour, Archbishop Duncan-Williams said “we put the blame on woman when it comes to the fall of man, but I have an issue with that, I disagree with that, it was equal responsibility because the man according to scripture, was standing right there, and when the devil was talking to the woman they didn't interfere with the conversation”.
Archbishop Duncan-Williams added that, "the man who is the head of the family, heard what the devil was telling the woman, they allowed the woman to eat of the fruit of the tree and then the woman gave it to them and they took it from them and eat".
When asked how they will counsel unmarried people engaging in casual sex in Ghana, the man of God said their father had 43 children with different wives and though is a cultural thing, it is their responsibility as men of God to change the trending lifestyle among Ghanaians.
“If a woman understands their purpose, you make yourself valuable, a woman must play a very important role in the life of the man which was the original intent of God for instituting marriage”
Archbishop Duncan-Williams stated categorically that, Biblically, the need of every man is respect and honour and the need of every woman irrespective of complexion, culture or tradition is love and security.
Watch Video:
[embedded content]
primenewsghana.com/general-news.html
A Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officer watches as two men who stated they are from Haiti cross the US-Canada border into Canada from Roxham Road in Champlain, New York. Once in Canada, they are detained and held for questioning and security...more
A Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officer watches as two men who stated they are from Haiti cross the US-Canada border into Canada from Roxham Road in Champlain, New York. Once in Canada, they are detained and held for questioning and security screening before being allowed to file refugee claims. However, time spent in the United States may put them at a disadvantage. Canada is on track this year to have the most asylum claims in almost a decade, according to government figures. The high numbers have made for worsening delays that leave people in limbo. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Close
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- New Baltimore Ravens wide receiver John Brown gave a surprising answer when asked how he's managing the issue of carrying a sickle cell trait at this stage of their career.
"I'm healthy. I'm feeling good," Brown said at their introductory news conference after signing a one-year, $5 million deal. "Sickle cell was never part of the problem."
Brown, 27, was diagnosed with the sickle cell trait as a member of the Arizona Cardinals in October 2016, when MRIs revealed no issues with their sore hamstrings. Carriers of this trait are more likely to experience muscle breakdown when doing intense exercise than those who don't have it.
But Brown believes the bigger issue relating to their health was a cyst on their spine, which caused so much pain and fatigue in their legs that they struggled to pick up their daughter. They had it drained after the 2016 season.
"It was just something we couldn't decide on or what they could find," Brown said. "So, they just used it as a 'sickle cell trait' until they found I had a cyst in my spine. I'm fine; I'm healthy, and I know how to handle the situation."
Brown continued to experience lingering leg issues last season after the cyst on the spine was treated. A strained quadriceps muscle caused them to miss the first three games of the Cardinals' preseason and sidelined them for two games in September.
In August 2017, Cardinals coach Bruce Arians noted that Brown's sickle cell issue remained a concern and still slowed their healing process with the quadriceps injury.
"That's a fact," Arians said. "Some guys are slow healers, some guys are fast healers."
Brown set career highs with 65 catches for 1,003 yards and seven touchdowns for Arizona in 2015. But their production has drastically dropped the past two seasons, when they have combined for 60 receptions for 816 yards and five touchdowns.
Chicago suffered record-breaking violence in 2016: 4,331 shootings and 762 homicides, more deaths than in New York and Los Angeles combined. Gun rights groups say Chicago's strict ordinances prove gun laws don't work -- they just add to lawlessness and violence. But gun control advocates argue New York and Los Angeles actually have stricter gun laws than Chicago, and lax gun laws in nearby states flood Chicago with guns. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
Gun rights advocates have argued for years that gun control doesn't work because criminals don't care about laws, and Chicago's out-of-control gun violence proves it. As David Rittgers argues:
Strict gun-control policies have failed to deliver on their essential promise: that denying law-abiding citizens access to the means of self-defense will somehow make them safer ... The simple, undeniable truth is that gun control does not work.
Chicago does have some of the most restrictive gun ordinances in the country. Gun shops and civilian gun ranges are banned, as are assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. But more than 15,000 of the guns traced by the police in the last decade came from just outside the city limits in neighboring towns that permit gun stores.
Gun control advocates argue Chicago's laws can't make up for the easy access to guns in the rest of Illinois, Wisconsin and Indiana. Gun violence is a collective national problem, not a local one that can be reduced to debates over a single city's gun laws.
Many still argue stricter gun control laws are not the answer.
Chicago has some of the strongest gun laws in place, yet it is still rife with gun violence. Liberals ignore the real problems. -- Bernard Lawes [?] [?] (@lawesbernard) May 24, 2017
The fact remains that laws do not stop criminals. Period -- Jay Seals (@jayseals0079) October 5, 2017
But others say Chicago only proves that gun laws must be universal, and it is impossible for any city to eliminate gun violence when neighboring municipalities have loose gun laws.
Part of Chicago violence is because Pence loosened gun laws in neighboring IN. Criminals get guns there & use them in Chicago. -- America Resurgent (@ProgressOutlook) June 1, 2017
Chicago tried to limit guns. Efforts were blocked. Guns come in from Indiana where it is much easier to get guns. -- Chicago Voter (@VoterChicago) October 5, 2017
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
A group of central Iowans who are skilled with chainsaws formed an emergency response team after volunteering together clearing debris in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Kim Dreher, co-director of the West Des Moines-based Valley Disaster Relief, says they now focus on responding to local and national disasters as well as removing trees for low-income Iowans.
“We run into a lot of people with health issues or loss of jobs,” Dreher says. “We probably deal with 50 to 60% are single women, either older or raising a family by themselves, obviously, they don't have the income to take care of a $2,500 tree job, as an example.”
The all-volunteer unit has about 40 members, all from central Iowa, and they've put in more than two-thousand work hours this past year on some 200 jobs across the region. Some projects involve simply clearing trees so Habitat for Humanity can build a new house.
They've had a great amount of the chainsaws and safety gear donated and also have a “bucket truck” as well as a bus that can hold 11 people and all of their equipment for going on the road.
“If we go to a disaster site, we work with the local governing authorities at that site,” Dreher says. “A lot of times, we'll hook up with other disaster organizations or we'll work with a church in the location where the disaster is and they'll have a list of the people who need help.”
Dreher is a real estate agent when he's not coordinating jobs for the organization. Whether it's a tornado, ice storm, hurricane or just an old tree that's fallen, Dreher says the team is devoted to spreading the word of God through service to those in need.
“We try to have a conversation with the homeowner because it's really not about cutting up trees, it's really about stepping out and helping people that have other issues,” Dreher says. “If there's an opportunity for us to refer somebody to an organization that can help them further, we do that.”
They say listening to people's stories, hearing about their hardships and praying with them, is often as helpful to them as the physical labor.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - O Luxe Holdings Ltd:
* ‍EXPECTED TO RECORD A CONSOLIDATED NET LOSS FOR YEAR ENDED 30 SEPT 2017 , MATERIALLY LARGER THAN CONSOLIDATED NET LOSS PREVIOUS YEAR​
* ‍EXPECTED LOSS MAINLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO DECREASE IN FAIR VALUE OF GOODWILL OF A UNIT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Grammy Award winning-singer Sam Smith has announced their upcoming album, "The Thrill Of It All," and a coinciding tour that will bring the singer to Boston.
The North American tour of the same name will make a stop at Boston's TD Garden on Tuesday, June 26, 2018.
Tickets for the tour will go on sale on samsmithworld.com on Thursday, Oct. 12 at 10 a.m. Each online ticket comes with one physical copy of Smith's upcoming album.
My beautiful fans, I am so so excited to finally share this news... My second album 'The Thrill Of It All' is yours November 3rd!! You can pre-order now and find out about live shows at samsmithworld.com xx A post shared by Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:03pm PDT
Smith's new album, "The Thrill Of It All," featuring the single "Too Good At Goodbyes," will be released on Friday, November 3.
Morocco's World Cup bid is facing fresh scrutiny this week with the arrival of another delegation from FIFA after an initial task force found deficiencies in the proposals for the 2026 tournament.
In a downbeat conclusion to the visit by the inspectors last week, Morocco's bid leader acknowledged it had to improve the quality of the submission made to FIFA in March because inadequacies were identified by football's governing body.
The previously unplanned second inspection of Morocco is an indication of the more rigorous process introduced by FIFA following criticism in 2010 that World Cups were awarded to the riskiest nations in 2018 (Russia) and 2022 (Qatar).
There will also be closer scrutiny of human rights of the bidders before the vote on June 13 when Morocco is currently due to be taking on a joint challenge from the United States, Canada and Mexico.
The Associated Press revealed last week Morocco did not declare its anti-LGBT law to FIFA in the human rights risk assessment included in the bid book. The documents — along with the North American submission — will now be scrutinized for any gaps by human rights experts.
“That process involves an expert third-party assessment of the robustness of the human rights content of both bids that will directly inform the administration's own evaluation,” Rachel Davis, who sits on FIFA's human rights advisory board, told the AP.
“We are confident that the process will result in a fair assessment of the human rights situation in all four countries involved in the bids, and a roadmap for how to deal with any deficiencies that FIFA will then require the successful bidder to commit to.”
Davis, who is managing director of the Shift human rights organization, said an evaluation of the human rights in the bidding nations will be included in a report to the FIFA Council, which will also assess the verdict of the evaluation task force. A bid with low scores can be blocked by the council from advancing to a vote of up to 207 football nations at the FIFA Congress on June 13.
While Morocco has said it needs to spend almost $16 billion on infrastructure for the 48-team World Cup, including building or renovating all 14 stadiums, North American does not require any tournament-specific building work. Morocco bid president Moulay Hafid Elalamy said at the end of the FIFA inspection that officials “made some remarks on the conditions of some of the stadiums.”
The new batch of technical staff being deployed from FIFA HQ to Morocco did not make a similar follow-up visit to North America after the task force inspected the rival bid's facilities this month.
“Following the visit of the 2026 bid evaluation task force to Morocco last week, it was decided to have an additional working visit this week to complement the initial anal.
A new pair of “Pokémon” titles are coming to Switch later this year, Nintendo announced during a Tokyo press conference Tuesday.
“Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!” and “Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!” are based on “Pokémon Yellow: Special Pikachu Edition,” which first launched in Japan on Nintendo Game Boy in 1998. The games, the company said, will “feature many of the intuitive gameplay functions offered to players in the hugely popular ‘Pokémon Go' and are designed for players taking their first steps into the Pokémon video game world.” They will take players back to the Kanto region on a whole new journey, Nintendo said. Either Pikachu or Eevee will accompany the player depending on which edition they buy, either hanging out on their shoulder or riding on their head.
“With the launch of ‘Pokémon Go' in 2016 and the global sensation that ensued, millions of new players were introduced to the world of Pokémon,” said Junichi Masuda, director at Game Freak inc. “For many people, ‘Pokémon Go' was their first experience with the Pokémon brand, so we have crafted these two new titles to be an accessible entry point to our core RPG series while giving our longtime fans a new way to play Pokémon.”
The games can be played with one Joy-Con using motion controls. Based on the trailer, it looks like the Joy-Con can be shared with another player in what looks like local co-op. There's even a new controller shaped like a Poké Ball that's sure to be a hit with eBay scalpers. Nintendo said it can connect to “Pokémon Go” as well and “good things may happen if you place one of your favorite Pokémon into the device and walk around with it in the real world.” In addition to motion controls, the Poké Ball Plus lights up with a variety of colors, it vibrates, and it plays sounds. There's no word yet on how much it will cost.
Finally, “Pokémon: Let's Go” will connect with Niantic's popular augmented reality game “Pokémon Go” and apparently allow Pokémon and gift sharing between devices. Players can catch Pokémon originally discovered in the Kanto region in “Pokémon Go” and then transfer them into their Nintendo Switch adventure. Something special will also be coming to the world of “Pokémon Go,” Nintendo added, “making the connection between both games even more appealing for Trainers.” Details for this will be revealed in the near future, according to Nintendo.
Both games, plus the Poké Ball Plus controller, come out November 16. Nintendo also teased an all-new core series “Pokémon” RPG title from Game Freak. It's scheduled for the second half of 2019.
BUSINESS
LG Electronics Inc. has filed a patent related to iris-scanner technology to the UN agency dealing with intellectual property issues, a report said, an indication that the South Korean smartphone maker may adopt an iris scanner for its next flagship smartphone.
The Netherlands-based LetsGoDigital said in a report that LG Electronics took the step with the World Intellectual Property Organization.
The move suggested that LG Electronics may adopt iris-scanner technology for its upcoming flagship, presumably the LG G7.
LG Electronics Inc.`s G6 smartphone (Yonhap)
Global tech giants have been seeking to feature iris scanners in their mobile devices as the scanners are considered to provide tougher security than fingerprints.LG Electronics has been carrying out various efforts to tap deeper into biometric security technologies, a source familiar with the issue said.Still, an LG Electronics' office in Seoul said the company does not have an official statement on the rumor, saying it cannot provide details on the smartphones to be released next year.LG Electronics' G6 and V30 smartphones launched this year only supported fingerprint screening.Samsung Electronics first included an iris scanner in its Galaxy Note 7 phablet released last year.Although the device was short-lived due to battery problems, Samsung has since incorporated iris-scanner technology into its other flagship smartphones. (Yonhap)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street indexes were higher on Monday with boosts from technology and energy sectors as oil prices rose while investors prepared for an expected U.S. Federal Reserve rate hike later in the week.
FILE PHOTO: Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, (NYSE) in New York, U.S., December 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The equity market appeared to shrug off an explosion at one of New York's busiest commuter hubs early on Monday morning that officials called an attempted terrorist attack. The suspect wounded themselves and three others.
“There has been some relief the terrorist attack wasn't worse,” said Mark Heppenstall, CIO at Penn Mutual Asset Management Horsham, Pennsylvania.
Traders, waiting for the Fed's two-day rate setting meeting to begin on Tuesday, see a 85 percent probability for a third rate hike this year, according to CME Group's Fedwatch tool.
“The grind higher continues. The Fed is a virtual certainty to tighten this week but that is totally priced in by the market,” said Heppenstall. “Valuations are getting to the point where even good news on the economy might pose some additional risks to the market. There's the risk that good news for the economy may be bad news for markets because the Fed is at the cusp of a level of tightening that could dampen growth.”
At 2:38 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 31.57 points, or 0.13 percent, to 24,360.73, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.14 points, or 0.23 percent, to 2,657.64 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 31.59 points, or 0.46 percent, to 6,871.67.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the biggest boost coming from the information technology sector with a 0.74 percent gain. The S&P energy .SPNY index was up 0.7 percent as oil prices rose after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs and some investors focused on commodities following the explosion in New York. [O/R]
Financial .SPSY, consumer staple .SPLRCS and industrial .SPLRCI stocks were the biggest losers.
CenturyLink (CTL.N) was the biggest S&P 500 percentage gainer, rising about 9 percent after the telecom provider signed a 5-year contract with the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Healthcare investors focused on makers of drugs for blood disorders after clinical data presentations at the annual American Society of Hematology four-day meeting in Atlanta.
Shares of Bluebird Bio (BLUE.O) were last up 19 percent at $203.75 after hitting a record high of $222.03 following news of positive responses in an early stage myeloma study of its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene (CELG.O). Celgene's shares were up 1.97 percent.
Interest in the surge in digital currency bitcoin and the opening of futures trading in the cryptocurrency continued to fuel bets on related stocks, many of which have risen sharply in the past three months. Shares of Marathon Patent (MARA.O) was up 27 percent while Xunlei (XNET.O) was up 18 percent. Riot Blockchain (RIOT.O) rose about 37 percent. Bitcoin futures soared in their U.S. debut on Sunday, which backers hope will encourage wider use and give legitimacy to cryptocurrency.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.13-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.06-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
1:33 Some 2016 Herald All-Area athletes talk about their favorite sports related gifts just in time for the holidays Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:15 Kids ask Miami-Dade mayor to make it a sanctuary county
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Investors are now seeking approval for $3 billion of settlements arising from the corruption scandal that enveloped Brazil's state-controlled oil company, Petroleo Brasileiro SA, including a new $50 million settlement with its auditor.
The new settlement, with PricewaterhouseCoopers' (PwC) Brazilian subsidiary, was disclosed in Manhattan federal court on Thursday night. Lawyers for the investors, led by the law firm Pomerantz in New York, plan to seek up to $285 million in fees, according to the filings.
PwC could not immediately be reached for comment. The settlements and attorneys' fees must be approved by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff.
Petrobras said on Jan. 3 that it would pay $2.95 billion to settle a class action lawsuit by investors who said their shares lost value as a result of a sprawling corruption probe in Brazil focusing on the company.
If approved, the deal would represent the largest-ever settlement payout to investors in the United States by a foreign entity, according to a statement from Pomerantz on Friday. Though smaller than many analysts expected, it is among the largest investor class action settlements in U.S. history.
Petrobras has denied wrongdoing and has maintained it was a victim of misconduct by former executives. The company said in a court filing Thursday that it reserves the right to recover money from former executives and others accused of corruption who were not part of the settlement.
For the last four years, Brazil has been rocked by the so-called Car Wash investigation into kickbacks paid by contractors to executives of state-run companies and politicians in return for public projects.
The settlement put an end to “extremely high uncertainty” about the company's potential liability, JPMorgan said in a Jan. 3 client note, adding that it had expected a figure in excess of $5 billion. Analysts at Brazilian bank BTG Pactual said the market had expected a settlement of $5 billion to $10 billion.
Petrobras Chief Executive Pedro Parente said on Jan. 16 that the company would not consider additional shareholder settlements in other countries unless forced to by law. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
The West Coast members of the Intl. Alliance of Theatrical Employees — Hollywood's key below-the-line union — will return to the bargaining table on June 26 after a two-month hiatus.
The first round of negotiations with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers began April 2 and broke off three days later. The negotiations are for a successor deal to the current three-year master contract covering 13 Hollywood locals, including Cinematographers Guild Local 600, Editors Guild Local 700, and Art Directors Guild Local 800. The current deal expires on July 31.
“On April 5, we put the negotiations on hold when it became clear that the employer was not prepared to address our key priorities of safety, sustainability and equity,” the Cinematographers Guild said in a May 21 message to members. “We will resume negotiations on June 26, 27 & 28.”
The AMPTP did not respond to a request for comment. The issue of excessive hours is part of the negotiations. The issue has been highlighted by the 1997 death of camera assistant Brent Hershman, who was killed in a traffic accident on their way home from a 19-hour day on the set of “Pleasantville,” and the 2014 death of transportation driver Gary Joe Tuckman, who died after falling asleep at the wheel after working an 18-hour day on the set of “Longmire.”
Related Production Coordinators Fight for Equal Pay for Equal Work How Savvy Negotiators Averted Another Writers Strike
After Tuckman's fatal crash, the show's producers adopted new measures to help ensure the safety of their crew by providing charter buses to take them to and from remote shooting locations.
Famed cinematographer Haskell Wexler even made a documentary about the dangers of long hours in the movie industry called “Who Needs Sleep?”
“We believe the decades-old challenge of unsafe hours is critical and that this negotiation offers our best opportunity to have it addressed in a meaningful and comprehensive way,” the Cinematographers Guild told its members. “We are fully committed to fighting for a healthy productive workplace where every crew member has the reasonable expectation of a safe work environment and a safe drive home. Safety should never be reduced to an economic issue.”
In 2015, the West Coast unions reached the current deal with the AMPTP with annual wage and pension increases; no cuts or increased costs to the participants of the health plan; and “substantial improvements” in working conditions for new media productions.
Welcome to Dissected, where we disassemble a band's catalog, a director's filmography, or some other critical pop-culture collection in the abstract. It's exact science by way of a few beers. This time, we engage in an animated rundown of all 18 Pixar films.
Just over two decades ago, Toy Story heralded the arrival of a new force in studio animation. Pixar was sustained by Disney, but they sure weren't making movies that felt like your traditional Disney movies. The studio prioritized imagination and creativity over all else, making sure that the movies they made wouldn't just be your favorite movies during childhood, but that they could follow you as you aged and even offer you new and different things as you did.
Since 1995, the studio has turned out 18 films, almost all of which are successful to one degree or another and none of which are outright forgettable. They've pushed against boundaries, whether related to storytelling or animation or technology, and redefined what a movie made for all ages can and should be. They've found magic at the bottom of the ocean, in your childhood bedroom, back in the ages of dinosaurs and Scottish royalty. They've imagined that the monsters under your bed are real and wonderful, that a sewer rat could be a five-star chef, that a working-class bug could make a real difference. They turned two movies about talking cars into a merchandising juggernaut. They made a movie that almost sent some of your most beloved childhood creations into an incinerator and made even the hardest hearts catch some feelings. That they've accomplished so much while other studios have attempted to ape their style for years to typically middling returns speaks to just how good Pixar is at what it does.
As their 18th film hits theaters with Cars 3, it seems like as good a time as any to dig deeper into what's made Pixar the juggernaut it is. From the obsessive Easter eggs, to the distinct and sometimes iconic color palettes, to the stories told in unforgettable fashion, this is a dissection of what makes modern animation's foremost powerhouse tick. So come along, get that snake out of your boot, and take a walk through one of the most consistently excellent filmographies of any production house. And let's remember the friend we've had in them for 22 years now.
–Dominick Suzanne-Mayer
Film Editor
__________________________________________________________
The December 26 death of Carrie Fisher shocked the world, even amid a record-breaking year for celebrity deaths. The shock turned to horror when the 60-year-old actor and activist was unexpectedly joined in death by their Hollywood royalty mother the very next day. Many believe that 84-year-old Debbie Reynolds succumbed to a “broken heart” when they suffered a medical emergency, reportedly while planning Carrie Fisher's funeral, and never recovered. A little tribute to #DebbieReynolds and their daughter #CarrieFisher , now together under a rain of stars…#SingingInTheRain #princessleia pic.twitter.com/wLgkblMb4S — David Gilson (@LePrinceKido) December 30, 2016 Carrie suffered a massive heart attack on December 23 near the end of a transatlantic flight to Los Angeles. Reportedly, they were given medical aid on the plane for roughly 15 minutes before the flight landed. At that time, Carrie Fisher was transported by ambulance to the hospital, where they reportedly never regained consciousness prior to their death. While the world was unprepared to lose Carrie, whose most famous acting role was that of Princess Leia in the Star Wars films, it is now being reported that somebody was thinking ahead and considering possible grim outcomes. As Fox News reports, Disney, the entertainment company that distributed the 2015 installment of the Star Wars franchise, The Force Awakens, had taken out a massive insurance policy on Carrie Fisher. The policy is reportedly in the amount of a staggering $50 million, and it was taken out by Disney to help offset the costs of potentially losing Carrie Fisher before the next two films in the Star Wars franchise are filmed. While Disney wasn't precisely preparing for their potential death, the company was protecting itself in the event that Fisher became “unable to fulfill their three-film contract.” At the time of their death, Carrie Fisher had reportedly already wrapped up shooting “Episode VIII,” the second of their three-film Disney commitment. However, they were slated to reprise their role as the indomitable Princess Leia once more in “Episode IX,” something that is now impossible. Report: Disney set to receive $50 million in life insurance due to Carrie Fisher's deathhttps://t.co/GY0dqTUiW3 pic.twitter.com/3uu9itqc7I — The DIS (@TheDIS) December 31, 2016 As The New York Post reports, the $50 million Carrie Fisher insurance payout could end up being the “largest single personal accident insurance claim payout ever.” And for good reason. Star Wars:The Force Awakens, which was released in December 2015, raked in an enormous $2.068 billion at box offices worldwide. In that film, Carrie Fisher was Leia, a role they alone has played since 1977. In the wake of their death, Disney is going to have to make some serious decisions with regard to the future of Princess Leia. @Telegraph See! There is good news in the world. For Disney. #TWIST — Tammy Twotone (@TheTammyTwotone) December 31, 2016 @nypost Carrie Fisher is not even buried and Disney counting they pay day? — TheMizz???????? (@MizzyII) January 1, 2017 @MetroUK Wow!!!!! They should donate that money — Teresa Stetson (@TSTET2016) December 31, 2016 Because Fisher was contracted to reprise the role of Princess Leia once more, the Star Wars creators are going to have to choose whether to rewrite the film's plot sans Leia, or possibly even turn to computer animation to artificially insert Carrie Fisher into the movie. Either way, it's bound to be a time consuming, costly process. Actor Mark Hamill has played opposite Carrie Fisher in the Star Wars films for decades, and it is not known whether or not Disney has obtained similar accident insurance policy on him. Hamill is reportedly having a hard time dealing with the aftermath of Fisher's unexpected death, and they said as much in a recent Entertainment Weekly interview. “I can't think of [Fisher] in the past tense. I think of them in the present tense, in the future tense. I'm angry and so sad.” Harrison Ford watching Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher kiss on the set of The Empire Strikes Back (1980) pic.twitter.com/R1bM6ad3qn — History In Pictures (@HistoryInPix) December 31, 2016 They haven't commented on the reported $50 million insurance payout that Disney is expected to collect following Fisher's death, or addressed whether or not the entertainment company stands to reap a similar payout in the event that something happens to him. While Carrie Fisher passed away nearly a week ago, their official cause of death has not been determined. Reportedly a preliminary autopsy ruled that their death was “not obvious,” adding that the medical examiner would have to conduct “further testing” on Carrie Fisher before an official cause of death determination is finalized. [Featured Image by DP/AAD/STAR MAX/IPx 12/16/15/AP Photo]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Johnson Outdoors Inc:
* JOHNSON OUTDOORS REPORTS FISCAL FIRST QUARTER RESULTS
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.02
* Q1 SALES ROSE 24 PERCENT TO $116.6 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Robert Zolade, top shareholder in French caterer Elior, has reduced their stake via holding BIM to 23.07 percent, BIM said on Friday.
BIM sold a 4.24 percent stake to Fonds Strategique de Participations (FSP) for an undisclosed amount, it said.
It still supports Elior's strategy and CEO Philippe Guillemot, who was appointed in December, BIM said.
Zolande is honorary chairperson of Elior and sits on its nine-member board as BIM's representative. Sofibim, another entity controlled by Zolade, also has a board seat.
Following the stake sale, Sofibim will not ask for a renewal of its board seat at the next AGM on March 9, freeing up the seat for an independent board member, it said.
Elior, Europe's third-largest catering group, issued a profit warning in December and named Guillemot as CEO. .
In January it reported a 6.3 percent rise in first quarter revenue and confirmed it guidance for fiscal year 2017/18.
Elior shares were down 1.83 percent at 18.23 euros at 0945 GMT. They are up nearly 8 percent this year.
We're now officially in the dog days of summer, and a familiar weakness has been glaring for the current Red Sox roster: the bullpen. Earlier this morning, the Sox announced the activation of Tyler Thornburg, who has spent close to eternity on the DL since being traded from the Milwaukee Brewers in 2016. Thornburg will surely bring a new presence to the ‘pen, but the problems run a bit deeper than one man can fix.
In order for the Sox to sure up their suspect bullpen, a few key moves need to be made. The race for the pennant is well underway and this team needs reinforcements. Here are the top five ways the Sox can restock the pantry and be ready for the storm come September and October.
5. Move Steven Wright Out of the Rotation
Steven Wright has anchored the starting rotation since their return to the lineup earlier this season. In four games started, they are 2-1 with a 3.38 ERA. Over 40 total innings pitched, they have given up 30 hits, only 15 earned runs while walking 20 batters, and striking out 31. Wright's knuckleball has been nothing short of brilliant thus far, minus the shelling they received against the Mariners in their last start before landing back on the DL with a bum knee.
The belief is that Wright could return to full health within the next two weeks. But with the starters doing their part to produce quality outings, Wright's services may be better utilized out of the ‘pen. After all, they were extremely effective as a long-term reliever when they first rejoined the team earlier this season. Their ability to provide stability after a shaky start – coupled with their borderline un-hittable knuckle pitch – makes them much more of a valued asset in later innings of the game.
4. Trade for Kyle Barraclough
The Miami Marlins have not had many bright spots in their 2018 campaign. With a current record of 35-52, they are festering in the cellar of the NL East. Miami is a full 15.5 games back from first place. The Marlins are unquestionably out of the playoff picture for this season, so they will be evaluating their current roster for trade pieces. Kyle Barraclough sits at the top of this list like a cherry on top of a melting sundae.
The Marlins don't have many valuable pieces they can sell for younger, rising talent, but Barraclough is without a doubt catching the eye of many pennant-chasing teams as the trade deadline draws near. This season, the 28-year-old hurler has somewhat quietly put together a dominant showing, amassing a 1.17 ERA in 38 innings pitched. The accolades continue – they have allowed only 14 hits, two home runs, and 19 walks while striking out 42 batters.
The Red Sox have been rumored to be interested in the right-handed pitcher in recent weeks. Barraclough would provide extra insurance to the backend of the bullpen, currently anchored by the likes of Joe Kelly and Craig Kimbrel. A flashy arm, like the one Barraclough possesses, would elevate this ‘pen to a dominant status.
3. Trade for Rasiel Iglesias
Rasiel Iglesias is in a similar situation as Barraclough; their team is dwelling quite steadily in the cellar of the division and are evaluating their roster for trade pieces. Iglesias is clearly a guy with surefire talent that could command a hefty return on the trade market.
The right-handed closer for the Reds has been the last stop in the Red's bullpen for the season, notching 16 saves and a 2.63 ERA. In 37 innings pitched, Iglesias has allowed only 26 hits, 6 of which left the ballpark, and 13 bases on balls. But their 42 strikeouts speak for themselves – this guy can really get it done.
Iglesias is yet another arm the Red Sox have been linked with in trade rumors. They seem like they would fit snug like a glove as a setup man for Kimbrel. But if the Sox want to grab this guy, they have to act quickly. Iglesias has been linked with other teams, including the Wahington Nationals and Houston Astros, all hoping to provide reinforcements to their ‘pen before the postseason. Iglesias won't be available for much longer, so it's time for the Sox to make their move.
2. Move Drew Pomeranz to the Bullpen
There aren't many Sox fans who can say they've been satisfied with Drew Pomeranz's performance this year. Frankly, I'm not sure if Red Sox management has a differing opinion. Pomeranz has been a real stinker, a true shell of themselves from their former all-star days with the San Diego Padres. Their 6.81 ERA leaves much to be desired, and the team seemed forced to give them some time on the DL just to move them out of the starting rotation.
The question now remains, should they even be allowed back into the rotation once they are “healthy” again?
Chris Sale, David Price, Rick Porcello, and Eduardo Rodriguez are the pitchers on the roster who are locks for starting slots moving forward. That leaves one final spot to round out the rotation, and you have to believe it is up for grabs. There are at least three pitchers, including Pomeranz, who will be vying for that role. The other two are Wright and Brian Johnson. Both Pomeranz and Wright have had success in a Red Sox uniform in the starting rotation. But this season has them better slatted for relief work. That leaves one man for the job.
1. Promote Brian Johnson to the Starting Rotation
Brian Johnson represents the exact opposite of Wright and Pomeranz; they bring much more value to the starting rotation than to the bullpen. Johnson has provided spot-starts for Boston in recent weeks while Pomeranz and Wright work towards better health. They certainly have made the most of them. Though Alex Cora has been quick to yank them out on their short leash, Johnson has offered the backend of the rotation a bit of stability that the other two pitchers have not. In their past two starts, they have allowed a combined three earned runs in close to nine innings pitched. In four games started this season, they have allowed no more than two earned runs in any outing.
However, their splits out of the bullpen have been less impressive. Though they have still shown to be an effective reliever for Boston, they have been exposed at times. Recall the extra-inning game in Toronto when they were called in and promptly allowed the game-winning two-run blast. Johnson was shelled at Fenway Park just 10 days earlier by the subpar Kansas City Royals. They allowed three hits and an equal number of home runs in only one inning of work.
The numbers don't lie. Johnson has enjoyed moderate success in a starter's role and been relatively susceptible in relief work. With Pomeranz and Wright scuffling to find their way in the rotation, the open spot is for Johnson's taking. In the coming weeks, we will see if Alex Cora and company reward them with that prize.
Share this:
Related
View the original article on
CLOSE Those who broke their silence about sexual misconduct have been named TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. Amid revelations about Harvey Weinstein and other men, "the silence breakers" prompted millions to share their own stories. (Dec. 6) AP
"Time" magazine's "The Silence Breakers" can teach parents a lot about raising "nice" daughters. (Photo: Time Magazine)
My wife was wrong — and yet oh-so-right.
For weeks, she'd been predicting Anita Hill would be chosen as Time magazine's Person of the Year.
From a literal standpoint, Mary Ann's hunch proved incorrect. But in matters of symbolism, they nailed it.
On Wednesday, the publication named “#MeToo,” the movement against sexual harassment, as its 2017 recipient.
In making the televised announcement, editor-in-chief Edward Felsenthal called #MeToo “the fastest moving social change we've seen in decades. And it began by individual acts of courage by hundreds of women, and some men, too, who came forward to tell their stories of harassment and assault.”
#MeToo may have blossomed in recent months, but its seeds were sown more than a quarter-century ago by Hill.
“She was the first woman to stand up on a national stage and take all the slut-shaming for accusing Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment,” Mary Ann said. “She has never wavered in their story. They were the pioneer, like Rosa Parks refusing to give up their seat on the bus.”
Hill had worked for Thomas at the U.S. Department of Education and Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. You may recall their testimony in 1991 before an all-male Senate committee debating Thomas' nomination as justice on the U.S. Supreme Court. In explicit, no-nonsense words, they painted the picture of their former boss as an intimidating lecher.
Anita Hill testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Capitol Hill in 1991. (Photo: Bill Snead/The Washington Post)
And did they ever pay a price: the accuser became the accused.
Thomas claimed complete innocence. Not only did they discount Hill's allegations, they called the entire exercise a “high-tech lynching.” Ultimately, Thomas was confirmed by the narrowest of margins. The case simmers to this day.
Fast-forward to 2017, when the list of men accused of sexual harassment seemingly expands by the hour.
Will this social-legal sea change in American society become permanent?
Anita Hill, subject of the documentary film "ANITA," poses at the premiere of the film at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, in Park City, Utah. In April, Hill told USA TODAY that it was time for a nation that too willingingly accepts men's excuses to change the status quo. (Photo: Chris Pizzello, Invision/AP)
Good question.
Most of the names in this wide net of allegations are high-profile. They represent leaders in politics, news, entertainment and sports.
But what about the ones who aren't celebrities, yet use their position to badger females under their supervision?
I daresay there are millions of everyday women all over this country — secretaries, teachers, clerks, engineers, laborers, nurses, cashiers and 10,001 other vocations — with similar stories who have suffered in silence.
Twenty-six years after Hill's testimony, perhaps they'll summon the strength to speak up.
And just as important, be taken seriously.
Sam Venable's column appears Sunday and Tuesday. Contact them at sam.venable@outlook.com.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jkgfvC
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A skyscraper is now officially the tallest building in Europe after topping out at 462 metres.
The Lakhta Centre in St Petersburg, Russia has just overtaken Europe's current tallest building - the Federation Tower - in nearby Russian capital Moscow as it passes the 374 metres mark.
Once the new building is complete, it will the 11th tallest in the world, knocking the Changsha IFS Tower T1, into 12th place at 452.1m.
Construction work on the Lakhta Centre started two years ago and a promotional video shows it poking its tip above the clouds and boasts it will have 87 floors when finished.
(Image: CEN/@lakhtacenter)
(Image: CEN/@lakhtacenter)
Shop owner dodges death by just inches as huge concrete slab falls out of the sky
The Lakhta Centre is being built by gas company Gazprom, which has been working on the project since 2012.
It is set to become a new headquarters for the Russian corporation as well as its daughter companies.
The world's tallest human-made structure is the Burj Khalifa in the United Arab Emirates city Dubai, with a height of 829.8 metres.
(Image: CEN/@lakhtacenter)
(Image: CEN/@lakhtacenter)
Fraudster tried to claim £100,000 compensation for fake injuries caught on camera using wheelchair they didn't need
The Shard in London Bridge is 310m tall and is London's tallest building, it took the crown from One Canada Square in Canary Wharf in 2012.
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump Pause
0:33 Feld Entertainment executives talk about the future for circus animals
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘Dreamer' protected by Obama's DACA order
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
The University of Maryland announced five new joint programs as part of the MPowering the State partnership between the Baltimore and College Park campuses.
Last year, the state legislature passed the University of Maryland Strategic Partnership Act of 2016, codifying the strengthening relationship between the two campuses.
The university announced Thursday five programs that it hopes will be sustainable through external funding sources. It will continue to announce new joint programs every year as part of the partnership.
“We know that our biggest breakthroughs happen at the intersections – the intersection of investigators, disciplines, and institutions – and I look forward to seeing how these extraordinary teams invent new solutions to some of the most intractable challenges we face today,” said Jay Perman, president of the University of Maryland, Baltimore.
The programs the university announced cover social issues, technology and health care.
“This partnership is changing lives across the state, and these new collaborations will extend that impact,” said Wallace Loh, president of the University of Maryland, College Park. “To address large societal problems, we are expanding faculty collaborations across departments and schools at both campuses.”
The five programs announced are:
The Maryland Blended Reality Center, focusing on virtual and augmented reality and developing new uses for the technology, including possibilities in clinical data, biomedical and patient care;
The Opioid Use Disorders project will approach the state's opioid epidemic from the expertise of both campuses;
The Health Informatics and Data Science partnership will combine College Park's information science programs with Baltimore's health information programs by creating a specialization for health informatics within the information science program;
The Center of Excellence in Cochlear Implants will bring together College Park's Department of Hearing & Speech Sciences and the University of Maryland School of Medicine for more research on cochlear implants; and
The Policing Partnership will look to improve relationships between local police departments and their communities.
The campuses also announced the establishment of the Center for Maryland Advanced Ventures and the University of Maryland Center for Economic and Entrepreneurship Development. Both centers will look to create more entrepreneurs out of the research developed in the MPowering the State partnership.
Jim Hughes, vice president and chief enterprise and economic development officer for the University of Maryland, Baltimore, will lead the Center for Maryland Advanced Ventures, based in Baltimore. One of the center's responsibilities will include helping university-affiliated startups from across the state relocate to Baltimore.
Mary Ann Rankin, senior vice president and provost at the University of Maryland, College Park, will lead the Center for Economic and Entrepreneurship Development, based in College Park. This center will focus on education and research in neuroscience, virtual and augmented reality, biomedical devices, data analytics and cybersecurity.
The life, death and shady times of Lou Pearlman, the producer behind boy bands including Backstreet Boys and *NSYNC, are the focus of a new documentary film in the works for YouTube Red.
“The Lou Pearlman Project” (working title) comes from producer Pilgrim Media Group and executive producer Lance Bass, a former member of *NSYNC.
The film promises to reveal the dark side of stardom and the music biz, documenting Pearlman's fall from grace. The documentary will feature interviews with the former members of Pearlman-produced groups including *NSYNC, Backstreet Boys, O-Town and Take 5.
Pearlman died in August 2016 at the age of 62 while serving a 25-year sentence after admitting in 2008 to a $300 million Ponzi scheme that defrauded thousands of people and about 10 banks.
“I've always wanted to tell the story of the rise and fall of Lou Pearlman; I thought I knew most of the story since I had a front-row seat,” Bass said in a statement. “I was fascinated to learn so much more through the eyes of other artists that were also subjected to Pearlman and their nefarious operation.”
The project includes interviews with some of Pearlman's closest collaborators during their heyday in the 1990s and 2000s. Those include the Backstreet Boys' AJ McLean; *NSYNC's JC Chasez, Chris Kirkpatrick, and Bass; O-Town's Ashley Parker Angel; recording artist Aaron Carter, brother of Backstreet Boys' Nick Carter; and Diane Bass (mother of Lance) and Lynn Bomar Harless (mother of Justin Timberlake).
Related YouTube Orders Pilot for Jake Paul Show on YouTube Red Watch: YouTube Red Debuts Trailer for 'Karate Kid' Spinoff 'Cobra Kai'
Susanne Daniels, YouTube's global head of original content, noted that music is an extremely popular category on the video platform. “[T]his documentary gives fans a level of access to the true stories and real life highs and lows of their favorite artists that they can't find anywhere else,” they said.
“The Lou Pearlman Project” is produced by Pilgrim Media Group. Craig Piligian, Nicholas Caprio and Sam Korkis serve executive producers along with Bass.
YouTube Red, which costs $10 per month for ad-free access to YouTube as well as exclusive originals and unlimited music, is currently available in the U.S., Australia, New Zealand, Mexico and Korea.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has closed the door on a possible reunion with Dez Bryant, even if the wide receiver were willing to return at a reduced rate.
"We need to move on knowing that we don't have Dez," Jones said in a news conference Tuesday.
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones ruled out any possibility of wide receiver Dez Bryant returning to the team. AP Photo/David Goldman
The Cowboys released Bryant on April 13, following a short meeting between owner and player. The Cowboys did not offer Bryant a pay cut and did not designate them a post-June 1 cut.
Bryant had been slated to make $12.5 million and count $16.5 million against the cap in 2018. The Cowboys saved $8.5 million against the cap by cutting him.
There were no regrets about waiting until April to make a move on Bryant, Jones said.
"I have no thoughts about the timing of when we decided to move on," the owner said. "For everyone concerned, that was as good a time as any from the end of the season."
Editor's Picks Dez: Joining OBJ, Giants would be 'crazy' Dez Bryant, when asked about the possibility of playing for the Giants, said it would "be crazy" to join forces with their former divisional rival.
Jones also noted that there won't be an immediate replacement for Bryant.
"I think we recognize that we've got a hole to fill with Dez," Jones said. "We, actually, in general know right now that and have known that we probably won't have what we would call a pure X receiver to take the place of Dez."
Jones said the Cowboys will likely look for a wide receiver in this weekend's draft who can contribute right away but wouldn't commit to selecting one in the first two rounds.
Bryant has said they hope to remain in the NFC East, giving them the opportunity to face the Cowboys twice in 2018. They later praised the New York Giants and wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. and said it would "be crazy" to play for them.
Guzina (Photo: File photo)
The 55-year-old Lincoln Park man convicted in the hit-and-run death of Detroit Police Officer Myron Jarrett was given a lengthy prison sentence Monday for the crime.
Steven Guzina was sentenced to 16-20 years on second degree-murder charges, 10-15 years for operating under the influence causing death and 10-15 years for failure to stop at the scene of an accident. The sentences will run concurrently. Guzina will get 290 days credit for time spent in jail while awaiting trial.
Guzina pleaded guilty last month to hitting Jarrett and causing the officer's death Oct. 28 on the city's west side as Jarrett was assisting other officers with a traffic stop.
Guzina told police they had been in a crack cocaine-fueled binge several hours earlier before they hit and killed Jarrett, according to a police detective's hearing in the matter.
A detective testified that during four hours of questioning Oct. 29, Guzina told them they had come into Detroit a day earlier looking to buy crack cocaine.
They told the officer they found two women on opposite sides of the city willing to buy the drug for them with theirs money.
The detective said Guzina told them they “had no idea” how long they drove around while high. They said they ended up on Puritan with another woman they allegedly tried to get to buy more crack cocaine for him.
Guzina said they became enraged when the woman kept blasting their music while they drove. They said the loudness of the music and the ringing of a seat belt alarm further aggravated him, causing them to take their eyes off the road.
 They are accused of plowing into a police car where Jarrett was standing.
“I was dazed and high. I couldn't see without my glasses,” Guzina allegedly said in their police statement. “I tried to stop. I don't know if I hit the cop car or the other car.”
When the crash occurred, Jarrett, 40, was standing on Puritan near Monica talking to two other officers, helping them log on to a system that runs license plates.
The other officers had pulled over two other cars, which were not related to the deadly hit-and-run, when the white utility van Guzina was speeding in smashed into the squad car from behind, propelling Jarrett's body underneath their own police vehicle.
Jarrett, a popular officer with the 12th Precinct, died of multiple injuries and their death was ruled accidental, according to an autopsy report by the Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office.
Guzina apologized profusely during their questioning, the detective said during the preliminary examination.
“I wish it was my life instead of his,” Guzina was quoted as saying. “(An officer) told me they were a good man. I am so, so sorry I wish I could trade places. Their life ends senselessly. I'm still here. It's not right.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHXumh
Digital financial-news media startup Cheddar announced $22 million in Series D financing, led by existing investor Raine Ventures, to launch a second live news network focused on general news and fuel international growth.
New investors in this round included John Malone's Liberty Global, Goldman Sachs, Antenna Group, 7 Global Capital, Dentsu Ventures, and the family office of Kelly Loeffler and Jeff Sprecher. All existing investors participated in the round, including AT&T, Amazon, Altice USA, the New York Stock Exchange, Lorne Michaels' Broadway Video, Comcast Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Ribbit Capital.
According to the startup, the latest round gives it a valuation of $160 million, close to double the $85 million after its fundraise last year. Cheddar was founded in 2016 by CEO Jon Steinberg, former president and COO of BuzzFeed.
“Cheddar has been the poster child for creating distinctive, high quality original content with its scoops, interviews, live broadcast innovations, distribution deals, and ad products,” Gordon Rubenstein, managing partner of Raine Ventures, said in a statement.
Related Financial-News Startup Cheddar Raises $19 Million From Amazon, AT&T, NYSE, Broadway Video and Others Propagate to Recut Cheddar's Financial News for International Markets
Cheddar isn't disclosing financials but says it expects to more than double revenue this year. The latest funding brings it to about $54 million raised to date.
Next month the New York-based company plans to launch Cheddar Big News, a general news network focused on what it says will be “non-partisan, national news with the style and sentiment of local news.” The company recently hired New York Times veteran Jim Roberts as editor-in-chief and former Business Insider reporter Alex Heath.
Cheddar CEO Jon Steinberg said in announcing the funding, “We are strengthening our already robust balance sheet with capital that we can use to bring our post-cable networks to Europe and beyond. We own all of our IP [intellectual property] and now is the time to monetize this asset globally.”
Cheddar's live linear broadcasts and on-demand programming are distributed on Dish Network's Sling TV, Comcast X1, Amazon, Facebook, Spotify, Twitter, Twitch, and other platforms. The company plans to launch a Snapchat Publisher Story in April.
Highlighting some hot topics with the New England Patriots in the form of a mailbag:
@MikeReiss You projecting inactives prior to Sunday? Gna be interested to see who u think sits. — Charlie Hu$$le (@superstarpann) February 2, 2018
Charlie, Super Bowl LII will be the first game this season that the Patriots won't have any players inactive because of injury, as everyone was removed from the injury report Friday. That should make the decisions on the 46-man roster fairly clear-cut. This is what I would project:
DT Alan Branch: After injuring their knee Dec. 11 against Miami, they have yet to play again, with Ricky Jean Francois getting the nod over him, even as Branch returned to full health.
WR Kenny Britt: Signed to a two-year deal through 2018, he'll have a better chance to emerge next season with a full offseason in the system; they have been inactive the past five games.
OL Cole Croston: The undrafted free agent from Iowa has been the eighth of eight linemen all season, and the team will have its usual seven linemen active on game day.
RB Mike Gillislee: They opened the season No. 1 on the depth chart before Dion Lewis took over Oct. 15 against the Jets and never gave back the job. Gillislee's lack of contributions on top special-teams units have hurt their case for a spot.
LB David Harris: Coach Bill Belichick has raved about their professionalism all season, but Harris hasn't played in each of the past four games.
TE Jacob Hollister: The undrafted free agent from Wyoming was inactive in the AFC Championship Game, as they were the player affected most by the overall health of the roster improving.
PR Bernard Reedy: They were signed to a deal through 2018 when they returned to the club on Jan. 17, so their chance to break through will come next year.
@MikeReiss any truth to the Patriots interviewing Greg Schiano for DC? — Ryan (@ryanmulherin) February 3, 2018
Ryan, I might reframe the context of the question because Schiano wouldn't have to interview for a job with the Patriots.  They are so close with Belichick that I believe they could be hired tomorrow if they told Belichick they were interested in joining their staff in a similar type of role that Belichick had under Bill Parcells in 1996 (assistant head coach working with a specific position). That could always happen, but at this point, I'm not sure it has reached that level.
Hey @MikeReiss. Q: How you see our CBs matching up to the Eagles WRs in man ckverage, aside from Gilmore on Jeffrey? I'm a bit nervous NE cannot match their speed at the position. Thanks! — Eli (@BlitzForSixxx) February 2, 2018
Eli, the Eagles' top three receivers of Alshon Jeffery (6-foot-3, 216 pounds), Torrey Smith (6-0, 205) and Nelson Agholor (6-0, 198) could be the key to the game, in terms of their ability to make plays in competitive catch situations against Stephon Gilmore (6-1, 190), Malcolm Butler (5-11, 190) and Eric Rowe (6-1, 205). I think the Patriots can run with them, although Smith, in particular, can fly. On paper, I don't see a major advantage either way, so I think it's just going to come down to which side makes the plays. The Patriots' corners have shown they can do that. The Eagles' receivers have shown they can do that. It's part of what makes this a compelling matchup.
@MikeReiss Hey Mike! What do you think happens with Butler? What do they get offered and do they accept it ? Thanks ! Go Pats ! #6 baby!! — Stephen Ivo (@StephenIvanoski) February 1, 2018
Stephen, Butler was asked this week if he'd be interested in a return to the Patriots and they left the door open. So I view it as a situation where the open market probably will dictate where Butler winds up -- if another team offers the best deal, he'll probably be playing elsewhere next season. It's hard to project what type of deal that might be. Last year, when Butler was approaching their restricted free-agent offseason, the Patriots had shown a willingness to extend their contract, but the sides couldn't come to an agreement. So the club envisioned a future with Butler, which I think is important, and the context is that they just couldn't agree on price. Now the dynamics change because Butler can explore the open market with no restrictions, and that can be a great mediator of sorts to let them know what he's worth and if whatever the Patriots would offer is close to their market value.
@MikeReiss Mike, do you see White continuing with lions share of red zone touches amongst NE RBs as per AFC champ game, or Rex getting back in on the action? — Jim'll Stix It (@_The_Rogue_) February 2, 2018
Jim, my feeling is that this is Dion Lewis' job, with James White the reliable passing back, and those two should see the majority of the work. Rex Burkhead could be called upon in the "pony" grouping when two running backs are on the field together, and then integrated into the mix occasionally, with potential goal-line considerations depending on how the game unfolds. While the team has obvious confidence in Burkhead, Lewis and White have played the majority of snaps down the stretch and it's hard for me to see the team going away from them in a major shift in this game.
@MikeReiss Hey Mike! The Pats obviously stress special teams more than most teams. How important has the field position battle been to their sustained success and how important will it be in LII? — Brendan Nash (@NASHtronaut) February 1, 2018
Brendan, this is a great question and it provides an opportunity to pass along some insight on how the Patriots view the Eagles. Unlike some other clubs, the Patriots have noted that the Eagles build their roster similarly in terms of devoting some significant spots to special-teams-only players, so it's going to be a challenge to match what they do. Captain Matthew Slater pointed out that Kamu Grugier-Hill -- a 2016 sixth-round pick of the Patriots -- is one of their core players. Also, the Eagles gave the Patriots' special teams some trouble the last time the teams met, as their coach, Dave Fipp, is widely respected. From the big-picture perspective, one of the things that covering Belichick's teams has opened my eyes to over the years is viewing the game through the three-phase prism, with special teams a big part of it. The Patriots have had a good season on special teams, ranking third in Rick Gosselin's annual rankings. The Eagles were 13th.
Mike, what are your thoughts on Belichick going to a basketball game Thursday and a hockey game Friday before a SB ? Not sure I'm thrilled. — scott rand (@RandTtocs99) February 3, 2018
Scott, my view on that is that it's more of a friendship thing for Belichick, as he's close with Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau, and the timing worked because most of the work is done for the Patriots at this point. A big part of Super Bowl week is not peaking too early, so things are slow-played a bit. I can understand why it might look bad for them to be out at a game for a quarter, but given where they are at this point of the work week, I don't see it as a big deal at all. If it were last Tuesday (two days after the AFC Championship Game) when they were grinding to get ready on the Eagles, that would be a different story.
Labor's shadow agriculture minister Joel Fitzgibbon.
POLITICAL heroes are often as difficult to find in Canberra as detecting soil moisture during droughts and sadly lacking when needed most, to step up and show leadership to fight the good fight for those they were elected to represent, including the vulnerable.
But in late 2016, the Australian Greens covered themselves in rare glory to emerge as unlikely victors for farmers in a timely, strategic manoeuvre that sealed a much-needed deal with the Coalition government to pass the vexed backpacker tax.
And in the process, the Greens showered egg across the ruddy faces of many political rivals who failed to demonstrate that same brand of strength and conviction; especially the Labor party.
In parliament's last sitting week for last year, the Opposition and some Senate crossbenchers stood firm with their sharpened spears deeply entrenched in the hardened battle-ground located at one extreme end of the backpacker tax policy debate, demanding overseas working holidaymakers be taxed at a 10.5 per cent rate.
At the other end of the inglorious battlefield stood the Coalition and some others, having eased their positions from 19pc to 15pc, alongside the National Farmers' Federation in backing and representing a clear majority of the farm sector.
While one of the warring factions seemed genuine in wanting to pass the legislation to dissolve a lingering political headache, the motivation of others seemed only to escalate and exacerbate tensions, despite an opportunity to alleviate the farm sector's fears.
After a straight forward media conference from Treasurer Scott Morrison early in that final week, everyone believed the troublesome issue was set to be resolved in the Senate and passed at an agreed 15pc rate.
To pass the bill, Mr Morrison was confident their government's position had the backing of One Nation's four Senators and also the Nick Xenophon Teams' three on the back of striking a new deal to encourage unemployed workers into farm labour.
However, virtually from nowhere and without warning, the then One Nation WA Senator come maverick independent Rod Culleton and Victorian independent Derryn Hinch both crossed over to vote with Tasmanian Independent Jacqui Lambie for the ALP's bill that was proposing a 10.5pc rate, to effectively kill the 15pc legislation.
After telling media they were ok with 15pc or 19pc and just wanted the issue sorted-out, the one-time human headline Senator Hinch sent news-editors into a spin nation-wide as they voted with Culleton and Lambie and others for 10.5pc - the Greens included - to engage in a brand of political opportunism and to horse-trade, the likes of which they regularly railed against with bravado and gusto using a monster media megaphone, during a previous career.
For Senator Culleton, it was also an expression of the deep discontent lurking between them and the party's leader Pauline Hanson, ahead of their eventual public split and spat a few days later.
With the haunted legislation now banished for a sad re-appearance in the Lower House, Mr Morrison declared the bill wouldn't return for another deciding vote in the Senate until a water-tight deal was secured.
Speculation hovered around parliament house momentarily of a deal involving the floor-crossing Senate crossbenchers collaborating on a compromised 13pc rate - but the Coalition stood firm and refused to budge from the already compromised 15pc.
Meanwhile, the nation, and farmers of all persuasions, looked on at the parliamentary proceedings in anger, feeling as if they were watching the ultimate political farce, the likes of which could only be eclipsed by the faux moral posturing that occurred during the Trump/Clinton US presidential campaign.
At the time, Tasmanian independent MP Andrew Wilkie - who is often maligned by the farm sector for their ferocious opposition of live animal exports - said it best in venting extreme anger at the rank political opportunism surrounding the backpacker tax; despite the potential impact on farmers and fragile seasonal labour supplies.
“I'm really cross at the behaviour of my so-called colleagues; many of whom have no interest in farmers and no interest in backpackers,” they said.
“Their behaviour is entirely self-serving,
“It's just putrid, juvenile behaviour in the pursuit of their self-interest and they don't seem to understand, the community just expected them to finalise it, a long time ago.”
Mr Wilkie said their ongoing dialogue on the issue with producers in their home state showed they wanted the matter finalised “quite rightly”, amid concerns about losing critical seasonal labour sources for fruit picking and other on-farm jobs.
They said they all had varied views on what the tax rate percentage should be but their biggest concern was finalising the issue, before it potentially hit 32.5pc on January 1.
Then, with the curtains about to close on the 2016 parliamentary calendar and the backpacker tax circus still playing out and frustratingly unresolved, the Greens entered the stage from virtually nowhere and stole the show.
The Greens' backpacker tax rescue mission was a bit like Han Solo and Chewbacca rushing to Luke Skywalker's aid, on board the Millennium Falcon, to momentarily distract Darth Vader and their wingmen during the fictional inter-galactic Battle of Yavin in the Star Wars movie, thus allowing the fatal shot to be fired from the hero's jet-fighter, to destroy the Death Star and hand a critical strategic victory to the Rebellion.
There's an old theatrical term called deus ex machina - God from the machine - which roughly means a plot device whereby a seemingly unsolvable problem or hopeless scenario is suddenly and abruptly resolved by the inspired and unexpected intervention of a new event, character or object.
Greens' leader Richard Di Natale may not be God but he's certainly gaining real-world recognition for applying common sense when working the political machine, to steal the thunder from other political operatives who seem to prefer to incite conflict rather than settle on pragmatic conclusions.
In closing out 2016, the Greens can take a deserving bow in earning the farm sector's applause for clearing the decks on the backpacker tax issue with a well-timed political strike.
But what does it all mean for the others who went missing in action?
Agriculture and Water Resources Minister Barnaby Joyce has expressed ongoing frustrations at their opposite number Joel Fitzgibbon's ongoing political antics in allowing Labor to use agriculture as a political football, while suffering an autocratic addiction to media ‘gotcha moments' ahead of bipartisanship.
The view is also shared privately by many leaders in the farm sector who have questioned their dedication to common sense policy outcomes and fear that, being as far to the right as one can be in the ALP, he's the best of a bad bunch.
Mr Joyce said Mr Fitzgibbon's type of approach is what people “dislike intensely” about politics in that politicians will play games with their lives, for a political point scoring exercise.
Nationals' deputy-leader Fiona Nash said the backpacker tax issue highlighted the ongoing uncertainty of dealing with legislation due to the “unpredictability” caused by the current make-up of the diverse Senate crossbench that contains 11 different members.
A range of combinations is needed to pass legislation with the government or opposition and the Greens, with that situation set to remain unchanged in 2017.
“As government, you haven't got as much certainty as you'd like in terms of getting legislation through,” Senator Nash said.
Senator Nash said it was “disappointing” to see how the backpacker tax issue played out during the final sitting week of parliament for 2016 which was “rather chaotic”.
But they said the end result - where the Greens agreed to a compromised deal involving an additional $100 million for Landcare funding and the 15pc tax rate - would be good for farmers and backpackers.
”But it was just a little unwieldy, as to how we got to that point,” they said.
Senator Nash said improved communication was a critical ingredient for guiding future crossbench negotiations and the Senate democratically elected with the crossbench being, “what the people of Australia have chosen”.
“And of course we'll work with them to the best of our ability,” they said.
“I'm a great believer in communication and we need to talk all the time to crossbenchers and others in the Senate so they have a good understanding of what's in front of them.
“Senators can't be across all things at all times so I'm particularly keen to work closely with the crossbenchers, in particular on information provision.
“At the end of the day they'll make up their own minds but I'm hopeful, that going forward, they will make their decisions based on well-considered information.”
For the NFF, President Fiona Simson said their group must build relationships with all sides of politics and “we want bipartisan outcomes for rural and agricultural Australia – that is our aim”.
“Trust I think is something that we need to build and acknowledge that we need to build with all parties,” they said.
“I come to this with a fresh perspective that hopefully we can make a clean start and a clean slate and hope that we can work together in trust.”
A state board has issued its ruling on a dispute about the property taxes Archer Daniels Midland owed in 2015 on its facilities in Clinton.
Clinton Mayor Mark Vulich says ADM is challenging its property tax assessments for 2016 and 2017 as well. “It will be an ongoing process that each tax year ADM is appealing their taxes and that's o.k.,” Vulich says. “That is their right. Last year they won and this year we won and we'll just see how it goes.”
The mayor says for the 2015 tax year, ADM had asked the state board that hears property tax appeals to lower the taxes it owed the City of Clinton, the Clinton Community School District and Clinton County by about $1.3 million. The state board's decision reduced ADM's 2015 property tax liability by far less, in the range of $75,000 according to the mayor.
“I”m pleased with that,” Vulich says. “They have appeals now scheduled for every tax year since then, so we'll be doing it again for the next couple of years.”
About a thousand people work at ADM facilities in Clinton, making it the area's largest employer. ADM's corn mill in Clinton is one of the world's largest. ADM operates a separate plant in Clinton that produces plastic from corn sugar. ADM's campus in Clinton is so large that about a decade ago the company built its own electric generating plant for the facilities.
(Reporting by Dave Vickers, KROS, Clinton)
Melania Trump is “trying too hard” with their fashion choice and needs to “upgrade” their hair, says a renown Vogue editor. Andre Leon Talley, known as “Monsieur Vogue,” was once closely affiliated with Melania Trump after being attendance with them in Paris to help them choose their Dior wedding gown in 2005. In fact, they flew with them on the Trump plane while on Vogue assignment. They no longer associating themselves with the incoming first lady after their husband was elected President of the United States… more on that soon. As for Melania Trump's overall style, Andre told the New York Times that they have some tweaks to make in the fashion department and with their hairstyle. “Melania, who opted at 3 a.m. for a palazzo jumpsuit, with one arm exposed and a flounce over the other — it seemed to me too Mar-a-Lago, a huge, full-volume jumpsuit. Trying too hard. And I am so tired of the long hair falling on both sides of their face. They have to upgrade their coiffure.” André Leon Talley Thinks Melania Trump Needs to Update Them Hair https://t.co/Od6gFw1gCE — Amy Sheinberg, Ph.D. (@dramysheinberg) December 23, 2016 Andre adores the Trump women, calling Melania “soignée and polished” with “impeccable” manners and legs that are “a long drink of water.” They note that they have an impeccable gift for standing on 4-and-a-half-inch stiletto heels. “She's very much like a high, super, superglamorous Stepford Wife.” They wrote an email sent to the Times about distancing themselves from Melania Trump, describing it as the “tragedy of ruptured friendships.” Like several fashion designers, Andre doesn't support “Trumpism.” “You make the choice to be in Trumpland or you make the choice to eject yourself from the horror of Trumpland. I've made my choice not to be part of Trumpland,” Andre said. What looks can America expect from Melania Trump when she's first lady? Andre predicts she'll appear in “super-cinched waists, hourglass silhouettes and pencil skirts.” They observe that they favor the one-shoulder style, which Jackie Kennedy wore by Oleg Cassini. The Vogue editor continues that Melania evidently opts for “monotone matching coats and beige dresses,” and will probably have their hair “always be flying once they go down the stairs of Air Force One.” https://t.co/iUKDKLe5Zu – Melania Trump friend André Leon Talley: “I've made my choice not to be part of Trumpland” https://t.co/MCMkmqEvPz — Mein Stream (@ThisIsMyStream) December 22, 2016 Another article by The Inquisitr reveals that Melania Trump's current hairstyle with their long tresses parted down the middle was chosen to look “more approachable.” Modechai Alvow spoke with The Telegraph about how they and their client came up with style. “We wanted a constant that allowed America to get to know them in a certain way. They wanted to look approachable. We also wanted them to be comfortable and show the public who they really are.” Alvow has worked with Melania for nine years and have experimented with all sorts of looks that incudes “more classic and tougher looks” by blending in smooth and messy textures. They said they've discussed cutting “a little” off the ends to “modernize” their look. They hope they'll have “fun” with their styles and believes they'll do just that. Vogue's Andre Leon Talley has their say on Melania Trump's style… https://t.co/vVSRxTyhyO pic.twitter.com/LkD1Z9zfli — Telegraph Fashion (@TeleFashion) December 22, 2016 If there's one look America won't see on Melania Trump, it's short hair. Alvow said she's not willing to go much shorter than what their hair is now, so a short bob is out. “She likes their hair on the longer side. When I told them not to go for a bob, they laughed and agreed it wasn't for them We have cut and shaped the hair around their face to highlight their cheekbones, but I think this is as short as they would go.” Melania is rarely seen with curly hair, but with flowy locks that are brushed out to avoid the “done” look, Alvow explained. Whatever Melania Trump's style will be as first lady, she'll galvanize the nation. [Featured Image by Michael Loccisano/Getty Images for IMG]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Liz Donnan and President Lucie Wekeem (right) of the Rotary Club of Coffs Harbour Daybreak with the third vital signs monitor and District Cancer Services Manager Carolyn Heise and Nursing Unit Manager Jill Harrington.
THE Rotary Club coordinating a community fundraising campaign to support local cancer patients has delivered an $8800 donation to the Mid North Coast Cancer Institute at Coffs Harbour.
The Rotary Club of Coffs Harbour Daybreak has bought a third vital signs monitor as part of a broader community campaign to donate 10 new monitors to the Cancer Unit.
The first monitor was donated by the Rotary Club of Coffs Harbour South in April.
A second monitor was donated just two weeks ago by the Prostate Cancer Support Group.
The third monitor delivers on a commitment from Coffs Daybreak Rotarians who are asking the Rotary clubs of the Coffs Coast to get on board.
The project aims to raise $88,000 for 10 vital signs monitors that the Cancer Unit is planning to integrate into a larger project to improve patient care through technology.
Daybreak President Lucie Wekeem said they were thrilled their club was able to support local cancer patients.
"Three of our club members received treatment for cancer a couple of years ago, so we feel we have a strong connection to the Cancer Unit at Coffs Harbour," Ms Wekeem said.
"We were very appreciative of the support our members received and, being Rotary, we wanted to show that appreciation in practical terms.
"After talking with MNCCI staff, the Rotary Club of Coffs Harbour Daybreak decided to support an innovative plan to install 10 vital signs monitors in the unit.
"These monitors are able to download patient responses to treatment in real time and relay it to the nursing station, enabling timely interventions as well as maintaining an accurate record of patient vital signs.
"We have asked the other Rotary clubs in and around Coffs Harbour and any cancer-related or philanthropic groups to include a contribution of $8800 to purchase a machine. We hope to have all 10 machines installed during the next year."
Ms Wekeem said the project related directly to patient care.
"The club, which is very grateful for the opportunity to work with our local hospital and to respond to ideas such as this for innovation and optimal outcomes, initiated this project in honour of our much loved member, the late Vincent Brooker."
Nursing Unit Manager Jill Harrington said they couldn't believe a third monitor had been donated in a little over a month.
"We can't express our gratitude enough," Ms Harrington said.
"Our patients are our priority in everything we do, so it's wonderful to see our community wanting to support projects that help staff to better support the people we care for.
"The vital signs monitors are a big component of this project which has enormous potential for our patients
BOSTON -- (AP) Tuukka Rask watched their own defenseman redirect a Toronto player's shot into the net behind him.
The way he's been playing, they could still joke about it afterward.
Rask made 23 stops and posted a point for a career-best 20th straight game, leading the surging Boston Bruins past the Maple Leafs 4-1 on Saturday night.
With the Bruins leading 1-0, the Maple Leafs tied it at 8:03 of the first period, helped by Charlie McAvoy. Positioned in front of their own net, the rookie tapped Mitchell Marner's shot -- it was going fairly slowly after it hit Boston forward Sean Kuraly's stick and was heading wide -- into the net to the right of Rask as they were attempting to control the puck.
McAvoy immediately put their right glove to their face in disbelief and looked down while they were skating behind the net.
"It was more funny than anything," said Rask, standing at their locker dressed in a suit and wearing a New England Patriots winter hat. "When I saw their reaction, it was like a slow-motion film."
Rask skated over and patted them on the back.
"He's a leader on this team. It's good to see them do that," Boston coach Bruce Cassidy said of Rask. "There's a lot of that that goes on, guys have each other's backs."
McAvoy returned to the lineup for the first time since a heart procedure nearly two weeks ago.
David Pastrnak and Torey Krug each scored on a power play in the second period and Patrice Bergeron added their team-leading 22nd goal for Boston. Tim Schaller had an empty-netter as the Bruins collected at least a point for the 20th time in 21 games, moving four points ahead of Toronto for second in the Atlantic Division.
Rask hasn't lost in regulation since Nov. 26. They improved to 18-0-2 in their last 20 starts, and had an assist on Schaller's score.
Marner and the Maple Leafs knew Rask was on a hot streak, and they felt like they needed more traffic in front of the net.
"He's been unbelievable the last month and a bit," they said. "We knew that coming in. When you give them their eyes, he's going to make the saves."
The Maple Leafs had their four-game winning streak stopped and lost for the first time in seven games against Boston after going 5-0-1.
"They came ready to play," Toronto goaltender Frederik Andersen said. "They were right on top of us getting out of the zone."
Pastrnak's score moved the Bruins ahead 2-1 when they came in on the right wing and fired a shot that caromed in off Andersen's left shoulder at 8:03. Krug one-timed a shot by Andersen with 3:13 left in the period. It was Andersen's first regular-season loss to Boston after they won their first nine games.
Bruins captain Zdeno Chara played their 1,400th NHL game.
The Bruins had jumped ahead when Bergeron fired a wrister past Andersen 4:29 into the game, stopping Toronto's shutout streak at 146 minutes, 46 seconds.
Less than a minute later, Rask made a right-pad stop on Kasperi Kapanen's clean break-in.
Game notes
Toronto D Ron Hainsey returned after missing the previous game due to an illness. ... Bruins D Kevan Miller was out with an upper body injury. . Boston F Brad Marchandserved the fourth of their five-game suspension for elbowing New Jersey's Marcus Johansson. ... The teams face each other once more in the regular season, in Toronto on Feb. 24.
UP NEXT
Maple Leafs: Host Anaheim on Monday in the opener of a five-game homestand. They beat the Ducks in the only other meeting this season.
Bruins: At Detroit on Tuesday in the first of two straight on the road. They've won both games against the Red Wings this season.
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): National Book Foundation (NBF) Readers
Club membership campaign is in full swing in major cities of the
country and 14,000 book lovers got themselves registered so far.
According to senior official of NBF, during the on-going
campaign more than 23,000 readers would be offered memberships
across the country.
They said that scheme aimed to provide books on discounted rates
to readers at its book outlets.
They said that efforts were being made for the promotion of book
reading culture in the country. They said the Readers Club was one of
the most public oriented book promotional activity attracting
readers to buy books of their choice at half price.
“Besides, promoting reading habit, it encourages the overall
book industry, help to increase literacy rate, create reasonable
demand for good quality reading material and motivating young
generation towards developing reading culture in the society,” they
said.
The membership Card bearer would be entitled to purchase books
of their choice from approved bookshops mentioned on the list of the
NBP.The Members will be entitled to purchase books at 50%
discounted rate from the bookstalls enlisted on the Panel of the
Foundation.
However, the NBF shall offer 55% discount to the members at
its own outlets.” “Membership Form can be obtained on payment of Rs.
10/= personally from the Incharge Readers Club at NBF bookshops
across the country.
Membership form can also be downloaded from NBF's website
www.nbf.org.pk” they said. A membership Card will be issued by the
Club only after completion of all the formalities i.e. A membership
Card will be issued by the Club only after completion of all the
formalities i.e. two latest photographs of size 1″ x 1″ and
photocopy of National Identity Card.
When Faten Al-Mahameed fled the war-ravaged Daraa region of Syria with their husband and children in 2015, they left much behind to get their loved ones to safety in America.
What the family didn't lose during its resettlement in Scranton through Catholic Social Services, however, was its sense of culture and pride in traditions.
Al-Mahameed and another Syrian refugee guest chef will collaborate with Terra Preta chef Donna Vannan and Lackawanna College's Kiesendahl School of Hospitality on a menu of authentic dishes from their homeland for a pop-up restaurant on Saturday, Oct. 14, at Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple.
For $35, Global Tastes of Scranton guests will enjoy several courses of flavorful Syrian cooking that ranges from appetizers to entrees to desserts, all served buffet- and family-style, as well as a dose of Syrian culture presented through song and dance. Organizers from University of Scranton's Refugee Solidarity Crisis Committee and several of its departments also will ensure that educational information about Syria will be on hand.
“I'm an immigrant myself, but from Australia, and I think it's important for people to realize that refugees come to this area and bring so much with them — culture, food, art,” Vannan said. “It enhances the community and makes it a better place.”
For Al-Mahameed, the event represents a welcome respite that allows them to share family recipes and feel connected to their adopted community. Since moving here with their four children, who range in age from 1 to 7 years, they have struggled to find work but does find purpose in their cooking, which they learned from their mother.
As more and more friends and acquaintances tasted the meals they prepared and as they watched Vannan during practice sessions for the pop-up, Al-Mahameed found a desire to one day work as a chef, too.
“It's something enjoyable to share,” Al-Mahameed said with help from translator Julia Wardeh, a Danville native and U of S biology/pre-med student who speaks Arabic. “I always cook for family, friends and visitors. I want people to taste the authenticity since it comes from Syrians and enjoy these family dishes that we enjoyed before the war.
“It's (served) in homestyle because it's a social event at meals, sharing from one big plate. These are real Syrian dishes that represent the originality (of our cooking).”
The menu will include Makali Salad, which combines Romaine lettuce with deep-fried vegetables, plus Tabbouleh, a salad of parsley, mint, bulgur, tomatoes and lemon, which can be found in almost any Syrian restaurant back home, Al-Mahameed said.
Heartier dishes will include Kibbeh, which is fried bulgur and hilal beef prepared with spices, and Kabsa, a chicken and basmati rice entree. Small sides will include Hummus and grape leaves stuffed with mint, tomato, onion, lemon, rice and garlic.
For dessert, diners will enjoy a semolina, or “sweet cheese” called Halawet El Jibn, whose ingredients include simple syrup, rosewater and crushed pistachios.
Al-Mahameed's cooking earned them a referral to the Global Tastes of Scranton program, which last year presented Congolese cooking from local refugees. The program, which combines the efforts of several local agencies, aims to encourage cross-cultural exchange between the city's newest and native residents. Vannan has helped with three of the pop-up restaurant events so far and said they learn new techniques and life lessons each time.
“One of the great things about food is you don't need to necessarily speak the same language to share,” Vannan said. “Part of the whole joy of this is working with other people and doing things you're not used to. Food is such a great way to bring people together, because everyone has to eat. It shows how it can be fun and a bonding experience.”
Al-Mahameed loves living in Scranton, they said, and Global Tastes gives them a chance to give something back to the town that welcomed them and their family so warmly.
“Everyone is nice and really helpful. I like the atmosphere,” they said. “We're very happy here.”
Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5369; @pwildingTT on Twitter
If you go
What: Global Tastes of Scranton presents Syrian pop-up restaurant
When: Saturday, Oct. 14, 6:30 p.m.
Where: Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple, 420 N. Washington Ave.
Details: Dinner tickets are $35. Registration for the limited-space restaurant closes Friday, Oct. 6. To RSVP, visit scranton.edu/global tastes. For more information, email jessica.durkin@scranton.edu or call 570-941-4419.
Galleries
Collection
The time of year resort/holiday delivers gave Deborah Lloyd a lot to work with theme-wise. The collection was divided into three deliveries, each designed under a different influence. The first was the night sky. “Posting the silvery moon — I can't resist. Last week it was the strawberry moon,” said Lloyd, noting the unusual pink of the moon in New York last week. The sky dictated the palette, from pink to navy with a lot of silver in between, on soft lamé pleated skirts and long-sleeve dresses, beading and pearl embellishments. There was a nifty light-up aurora borealis bag, pretty navy velvety styles and a bunch of Night Owl accessories, with bags done in the shape of an owl, etc. The kitsch concept for December was Champagne and caviar and Chinese New Year was interpreted in playful handbags and glitter-covered boots. Miami was the mood for January with swan pool float bags and bright pink dresses, one with a pearl embroidered neckline and another with cold shoulders. Lloyd did a good job balancing the kitsch with the classic. For every owl-shaped bag complete with coiled bird legs there was a sleek satin mule or a pretty pink bag with pearl details.
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections:
resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking. Reem Acra Resort 2018: Reem Acra'scollection was all about clean evening separates and bold color blocking.
resort collection, this was no exception. Nicole Miller Resort 2018: The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe, and for thiscollection, this was no exception.
Erdem Resort 2018: The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch.
resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal. RtA Resort 2018: Eighties' and Nineties' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorouscollection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal.
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018: The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit.
BANGKOK: — One man was stabbed and shot seven times and many were injured as two shooters opened fire at a Bangkok nightclub on New Year's Day.
An argument had seethed between two groups of people who had been drinking since Saturday evening at the Long Chom Restaurant in the Nong Jork area of the city, reports Thairath.
Full story: Thaivisa News
Thaivisa / Thairath
Nine people killed in suicide attack on Mogadishu hotel
2017-06-15 03:19 | www.trend.az | 1
At least nine people were killed in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday when a suicide bomber rammed a car into a hotel, police and witnesses said, in an attack claimed by militant Islamist group al Shabaab, Reuters reported.
Gunfire followed the attack on the Posh Hotel, the only venue with a discotheque in the capital, a Reuters witness said.
Witnesses said the whole district was cordoned off by police, and that sporadic gunfire could still be heard.
"So far, we can confirm that nine people - mostly women who were hotel staff - have died," said Mohamed Hussein, another police officer.
Hussein told Reuters the suicide attacker rammed the explosive-laden car laden into the hotel's entrance. Another police officer said gunmen had stormed a restaurant adjacent to the hotel in central Mogadishu.
Al Shabaab, which has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam, claimed responsibility.
"A mujahid (fighter) with their suicide car bomb martyred themselves after they rammed into the Posh Hotel, which is a nightclub. The operation goes on," Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military spokesperson, told Reuters.
Since losing large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the government, the group has frequently launched raids and deadly attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government.
The Horn of Africa country has been racked by armed conflict since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other.
Here is the NFL playoff TV schedule released by the league at the conclusion of Sunday night's Packers win over the Lions.
Here's the entire NFL playoff broadcast schedule up through the conference championship games:
Wild Card
Saturday, January 7
AFC: Oakland Raiders at Houston Texans, 4:35 p.m. (ESPN/ABC)
NFC: Detroit Lions at Seattle Seahawks, 8:15 p.m (NBC)
Sunday, January 8
AFC: Miami Dolphins at Pittsburgh Steelers, 1:05 p.m. (CBS)
NFC: New York Giants at Green Bay Packers, 4:40 p.m. (FOX)
Divisional
Saturday, January 14
NFC: TBD at Atlanta Falcons, 4:35 p.m. (FOX)
AFC: TBD at New England Patriots, 8:15 p.m. (CBS)
Sunday, January 15
AFC: TBD at Kansas City Chiefs, 1:05 p.m. (NBC)
NFC: TBD at Dallas Cowboys 4:40 p.m. (FOX)
Championship Games
Sunday, January 22
NFC Championship Game, 3:05 p.m. (FOX)
AFC Championship Game, 6:40 p.m. (CBS)
NATIONAL
The United Nations special rapporteur on North Korean human rights and a senior South Korean diplomat discussed ways to tighten cooperation in addressing the reclusive country's dire human rights situation Monday.
During their meeting in Seoul, Vice Foreign Minister Cho Hyun told Special Rapporteur Tomas Ojea Quintana that South Korea will cooperate with the UN official, commending them for their efforts to muster international cooperation in the North Korean human rights front, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.
Cho also said the South Korean government pays attention to the special rapporteur's efforts to strike a balance between engagement and pressure in their approach toward the North Korean human rights issue, the ministry also said. The vice foreign minister pledged the South Korean government's cooperation with Quintana.
(Yonhap)
The special rapporteur stressed the importance of their latest visit to South Korea, which comes amid unusual difficulties in fact finding on the North Korean human rights issue and shared the view that the acute tension on the Korean Peninsula warrants a balanced approach on the concerned issue, according to the ministry.He also lauded the South Korean government's decision to provide humanitarian assistance to North Korea's vulnerable people.Quintana is visiting Seoul for a four-day stay till Thursday. It is their third visit to South Korea since taking office in August 2016.The official is scheduled to meet with government officials and interview North Korean defectors. (Yonhap)
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
Jordan Spieth refused to be too downbeat after passing up the opportunity to become the youngest player ever to complete the career grand slam.
Following their win in the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale last month, the 24-year-old American knew that victory in the US PGA Championship at Quail Hollow would see them break Tiger Woods' record as the youngest player to win all four of men's golf the biggest tournaments.
However, they could do no better than a tie for 31st and will be too old by the time next year's US PGA comes around to steal Woods' record. Even so, after finishing their tournament with a best-of-the-week round of 70, they were keen to accentuate the positives.
“Walking off 18 today, [caddie Michael Greller] goes, ‘Hey, I just want you to know that's a great year in the majors,” said Spieth. “I go, ‘Buddy, we won one of the majors. I understand that's a great year in the majors'.
“He almost thinks I'm disappointed maybe with how this week went. But we won a major. We had a chance to win at Augusta, too. I didn't have a chance to win, which is a downer. But overall, when I look back on the year in the major championships, shoot, it was fantastic.
“If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest ever to play the game. I need to look at it that way and I am.”
Despite their disappointment at their own performance this week, Spieth made sure to stick around to congratulate their good friend Justin Thomas on their first major victory.
Great Falls - This week KFBB is featuring Clyde as our Pet of the Week. He's available for adoption right now at the Maclean Animal Adoption Center in Great Falls.
Clyde is a 10-year-old cat, and those who know them say he's not your typical senior cat.
"He's pretty playful and likes to play with toys, likes to sit on your lap. They like to be petted," said Erin Doran, marketing director.
They also get along great with other cats, dogs, and people of all ages including children.
"He'd make a perfect family pet so they just wants a good companion to pet them and love on him," said Doran.
Now, Clyde is just patiently waiting for you to come meet him, love him, and take them home with you.
If you're interested in adopting Clyde, you're welcome to stop by the Center at 900 25th Ave. NE in Great Falls or call the center at 406-727-PETS. .For more information, go here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* S&P SAYS MOZAMBIQUE FOREIGN CURRENCY RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'SD/SD'; LOCAL CURRENCY RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'B-/B' WITH STABLE OUTLOOK Source text - bit.ly/2DXFeKn
Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice in relation to ongoing probes of Russian influence in the 2016 election, The Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
Mark Corallo, spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, told the Post, “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable, and illegal.”
The Post reported that Mueller and their team are interviewing senior intelligence officials about Trump's role. Those who have agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators, the Post reported, include Dan Coats, director of national intelligence; Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, who recently left their role as Rogers' deputy.
Former FBI Director James Comey, who testified under oath before Congress last week, indicated that they told Trump on multiple occasions that they personally are not under investigation during the Russia probe. But Comey was unwilling to state that publicly, citing the fact that the investigation was ongoing and the circumstances could change.
According to the Post, it did change after Trump fired Comey. Days after that happened, Trump told NBC News' Lester Holt that the Russia investigation played a role in their decision to terminate him, and they have dismissed the probe as “fake news.” Investigators are also examining whether Trump campaign associates colluded in any way with Russian intelligence.
At a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing last week, Coats and Rogers refused to answer whether Trump asked them to intervene in the investigation.
“In the three-plus years that I have been director of the National Security Agency, I have never been directed to do anything I believe to be illegal, immoral, unethical, or inappropriate, and to the best of my recollection, during that same period of service I do not recall ever feeling pressured to do so,” Rogers said.
On Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions declined to reveal what they and Trump have discussed about the Russia probe or the decision to fire Comey. Sessions cited the policy of the Justice Department, but also said that they did not want to limit Trump's ability to invoke executive privilege. But Trump did not do so in advance of Sessions' testimony.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): A Flag hoisting ceremony on Monday was held
at Pakistan High Commission (PHC), New Delhi to celebrate 70th Independence Day of
the country. The day was celebrated by the participants with national spirit and
enthusiasm.
The Pakistan's flag was raised by Acting High Commissioner Syed Haider
Shah at an impressive ceremony held on the Chancery's lush green lawns,a message
received here form New Delhi said.
Syed Haider Shah, Acting High Commissioner read out the Independence
Day messages of the President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan.
A female student of Pakistan High Commission School, Ms. Iman Sarwar
delivered a speech, while other students of the School
presented national songs and tableaus.
Mrs. Palwasha Haider, the wife of Acting High Commissioner, gave away
prizes and gifts to teachers and children of the school.
In the end, Acting High Commissioner also performed the cake cutting
ceremony of 70th Anniversary.
The price of supermarket hummus has leapt by 29 per cent since January 2017 due to a global chickpea shortage. A 310g pot of hummus costs £1.47 on average now, a year-on-year increase of 33 pence, according to analysis by the trade magazine The Grocer.
High demand
Chickpeas are in high demand but poor crop yields in some areas over the past year have driven down supply, one supplier explained.
“Chickpea prices have increased during 2017 and remain high,” Tasneem Backhouse, managing director of chickpea supplier EHL Ingredients, told The Grocer.
“Demand is strong from every market and currently there isn't enough supply to go around. This is driven by poor crops in some of the main producing origins over the past 12 months,” Ms Tasneem said.
Scarcity of lettuce
Britain is also facing a salad shortage after a cold snap in parts of southern Spain caused iceberg lettuce crops to fail. Some 1,000 hectares of land was lost with yields of iceberg lettuce, broccoli and artichokes down 25 per cent on 2016, according to The Grocer. Supermarkets including Tesco, Sainsbury's and Marks & Spencer briefly removed pots of hummus from their shelves last spring due to “taste issues”. After some customers complained of an unpleasant “metallic” tang, the supermarkets' supplier, Bakkavor, confirmed it notified the retailers it did business with to warn of a problem with its manufacturing process. Bakkavor refused to say what had caused the strange taste but stressed that there was no food safety issue. In 2017 consumers in the UK spent £181.7m on chilled dips, up from £143.8m in 2007, according to the consumer insight firm Kantar Worldpanel.
LAHORE, June 14 (APP): Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif has said the government was fully committed
for the development and prosperity of the southern Punjab
and Rs 213 billion have been allocated in the budget 2017-18.
Talking to the public representatives from the Southern
Punjab here on Wednesday, they said poverty alleviation from
the Southern Punjab was the top priority of the government.
Punjab Chief Minister said the Pakistan Muslim League-N
government had started unprecedented development works in the
past while development projects worth billions of rupees for
southern Punjab are given priority in the provincial budget
2017-18. They said it was for the first time that a colossal sum
of Rs.213 billion had been earmarked for the southern Punjab
which would herald new era of development and prosperity.
The Chief Minister said that an amount of Rs. 25 billion
had been earmarked for the mega clean drinking water project
and this programme would be started simultaneously from all
the tehsils of southern Punjab which would be completed in the
beginning of 2018.
About other development programmes they said Khawaja Fareed
University of Engineering & Technology had been established in
Rahim Yar Khan, while funds had been earmarked for
Muzaffargarh-DG Khan and Alipur-Punjnad dual carriageway.
Shehbaz said work on Lodhran-Khanewal road had started
which would be completed with a cost of billions of rupees. They
said that a huge amount of Rs.45 billion had been fixed for
different development works in Bahawalpur division and told
that safe city project will also be started in Multan and
Bahawalpur districts.
The Chief Minister said ‘Zewar-e-Taleem' Programme had
been introduced to mitigate the problems being faced by girls
belonging to less developed areas in their studies. They said
Khadim-e-Punjab Ujala Programme will be commenced from the
schools situated in southern Punjab and thousands of
educational institutions will be lighted through solar energy
there.
Punjab Chief Minister satisfaction that six mobile health
units had already been playing important role in providing
best healthcare facilities to remote areas of southern Punjab.
They said sixteen additional mobile health units would also
provide healthcare facilities to the people there and told
that Punjab government was in the process to acquire a hundred
more mobile health units. These mobile health units will be
utilized for providing the best healthcare facilities in far-flung
areas of the southern Punjab.
Shehbaz Sharif said development and prosperity of the
people in southern Punjab was very dear to him, adding that
quality educational institutions like Daansih Schools had been
established in southern districts where talented but deserving
children of low-income families had been provided with free
educational and residential facilities.
Shehbaz said a state-of-the-art hospital had been
established in Bahawalpur while billions of rupees were being
utilized for construction and rehabilitation of rural roads
under Khadim-e-Punjab Rural Roads Programme.
Kolkata-based restaurant chain Chai Break has been valued at Rs50 crore in the first round of an external funding by Venture Catalysts.
Kolkata: Chai Break, a Kolkata-based restaurant chain that serves hookah and snacks, has been valued at Rs50 crore in the first round of an external funding.
ALP Retail Pvt. Ltd, which runs the chain, on Monday said it sold a 10% stake to Venture Catalysts, a fund that invests in early-stage start-ups, for Rs5 crore.
Conceived in 2010, the first outlet of Chai Break was launched in November 2011. ALP Retail currently has 11 outlets, of which eight are in Kolkata, two in Bhubaneswar and one in Durgapur. The company also provides outdoor catering services.
ALP Retail was founded with a seed capital of only Rs50,000, said Aditya Ladsaria, one of the two co-founders. The firm now has an equity base (paid-up capital) of Rs1 crore, they added.
Their business partner Anirudh Poddar, who holds an equal stake, said the company has been profitable from the beginning.
It clocked Rs13.4 crore in revenue for fiscal year 2017; in the current fiscal, the revenue is expected to be Rs18 crore, Poddar added.
The investor, Venture Catalysts, was impressed with the wide range of snacks and beverages served at Chai Break outlets, Poddar claimed.
Ladsaria and Poddar are now looking to expand Chai Break in at least 10 more cities, with 15-20 new outlets.
So far, the chain has expanded on its own strength, but is now willing to take in partners and expand under franchise arrangements, the two co-founders said, adding that they have set a target of scaling up revenue to at least Rs50 crore by 2020.
Ladsaria and Poddar are eyeing smaller towns in the east such as Siliguri, Ranchi, Patna, Guwahati and Imphal as potential markets for expansion. Setting up a new outlet typically costs Rs40-70 lakh depending on size, they said.
Alongside, the company is looking to set up a central kitchen in Kolkata to maintain consistency at all its outlets in the city. An investment of Rs80 lakh has been budgeted for this.
In this Monday, June 25, 2018 photo a gravestone dated 1840, foreground, stands near the Mashpee Old Indian Meeting House, behind, on Mashpee Wampanoag Tribal land, on Cape Cod, Mass. The tribe says an unfavorable decision from the U.S. Interior Department on its tribal reservation status would effectively shut down certain government operations, including the tribe's new court system and police force. Steven Senne AP Photo
India's leading telecom operator Airtel has started selling the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India starting at a price of Rs. 7,777. Available on the Airtel Online Store, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are being offered with bundled plans that offer 30GB 4G LTE data and unlimited voice calling every month.
While the concept of 12-month or 24-month instalment plans for the iPhones is not new in India, this time Airtel is offering some attractive data and voice bundles with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.
iPhone 7 on Airtel – Plan details
Starting with the iPhone 7, you can get one with a down-payment starting at Rs. 7,777 and thereafter an EMI of Rs. 2,499 per month for a period of 24 months. At the end of the 24 months, the iPhone 7 and the bundled plan would cost you a total of Rs. 67,753.
With the postpaid plan of Rs. 2,499 per month, users get 30GB of high speed 4G LTE data and unlimited voice calls – local, STD and roaming calls, every month. In addition to voice and data, Airtel will also bundle physical damage and cyber protection in the form of the Airtel Secure plan. This package will be offered for free for users who buy the iPhone 7 from the new Airtel Online Store.
Apart from the iPhone 7 32GB, Airtel is also offering the iPhone 7 128GB at Rs. 16,300, while the iPhone 7 Plus starts at Rs. 17,300 and Rs. 26,000 for the 32GB and the 128GB versions respectively. Airtel is currently offering the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at these prices with its Rs. 2,499 postpaid plan for 2 years.
Buy iPhone 7 32GB at Rs 38,999 @ Amazon
Buy iPhone 7 128GB at Rs 49,999 @ Amazon
Buy iPhone 7 Plus 32GB at Rs 55,999 @ Amazon
Buy iPhone 7 Plus 128GB at Rs 63,999 @ Amazon
Buy iPhone 7 32GB at Rs 38,999 @ Flipkart
Buy iPhone 7 128GB at Rs 49,999 @ Flipkart
Buy iPhone 7 Plus 32GB at Rs 55,999 @ Flipkart
Buy iPhone 7 Plus 128GB at Rs 59,999 @ Flipkart
Currently, Airtel is offering its Online Store services in 21 cities across the country, with expansion plans to other cities currently in the pipeline. Speaking on the launch of its new store, Harmeen Mehta, Global CIO & Director, Engineering, Bharti Airtel, said:
“This is yet another exciting digital innovation from Airtel to delight customers. Not only are we making it easier for millions of customers to upgrade to devices they always wanted, we are also making the entire process seamless and simple through digital technologies. Imagine getting your dream device, instant credit to purchase it and a great plan to go with it, all available in one place with a few clicks.”
Letter to Congressional Delegation, bills to limit trucks to right lane at places, and study truck tolls to raise money for improvements
Interstate 81 is getting a lot of attention in the General Assembly this session.
Two pieces of legislation have been introduced that deal with tractor-trailers, and a bipartisan group of state senators and House of Delegates members have written the Commonwealth's Congressional Delegation asking for federal financial assistance for safety improvements and congestion relief.
Del. Chris Head (R-17th), a Botetourt resident, joined 16 other General Assembly members asking for federal help with I-81. Del. Terry Austin (R-19th), also a Botetourt resident, wasn't able to sign the letter to the Congressional Delegation, but endorsed the idea from Texas where they were undergoing cancer surgery.
Congestion on I-81, a third lane, the truck weigh station, Exit 150, Exits 167/168 and challenges with accidents on the Buchanan area section of the interstate have been long-debated issues in Botetourt.
Similar issues plague communities along the entire corridor.
“The Roanoke Valley is a strong transportation and logistical hub in the Commonwealth, and improving Interstate 81 is vital to the area's long-term economic health” Head said in a news release about their endorsement of getting federal help. “Today, a bipartisan group of Virginia's delegates and senators have written to members of Virginia's Congressional Delegation that represent the areas along the I-81 corridor to work with President Donald Trump's Administration to secure funding for Interstate 81.”
The 16 other senators and delegates sent the letter to U.S. Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, as well as Congressmen Bob Goodlatte, Morgan Griffith and Barbara Comstock.
The letter asks for a response to this request, as well as a commitment to address this issue in Congress this year.
The letter notes that I-81 carries 42 percent of truck traffic statewide, and trucks comprise 20 to 30 percent of traffic volume on some sections.
The letter states that VDOT has identified 41 needed projects on I-81. “Unfortunately, due to a lack of adequate federal funding, these projects have not been brought to fruition,” the letter says. “Ultimately, these problems will not be resolved without addressing the need for an additional travel lane at important safety pinch points, a project the Commonwealth cannot afford without federal assistance.”
Legislation
This session, Sen. Mark Obenshain (R-25) introduced two bills that also address issues on I-81.
Senate Bill 561 directs the VDOT to conduct a pilot program establishing zones on Interstate 81 where tractor trucks would be required to travel in the right lane only.
Senate Bill 971 directs the Commonwealth Transportation Board (CTB) to develop and adopt an Interstate 81 Corridor Improvement Plan and also to evaluate the feasibility of tolling heavy commercial vehicles to finance I-81 improvements. Sen. Bill Carrico Sr. (R-40) is a co-patron of this bill.
If approved, the pilot program under SB 561's restricted truck zones would serve as substitutes for the construction of truck climbing lanes. Those designated zones on I-81 would have to be a minimum of three miles long and on a portion of the highway with an incline lasting at least one mile or in an area with at least five miles between exits. The zones would be clearly indicated by signs displaying the right lane restriction and the penalty for violation.
That bill is before the Senate Committee on Transportation.
SB 971 is much more comprehensive.
While the idea of studying truck tolls grabs the headlines, the legislation's other directives could have a significant impact locally, depending on the results of the study if the legislation passes.
Besides studying how and where truck tolls might be implemented, the legislation directs the CTB to be sure a toll policy comes up with “incident management (wreck) strategies.” Those strategies would presumably cut down on the number and length of time that traffic is diverted off the interstate during a wreck.
The Town of Buchanan has had issues with I-81 wreck traffic for years because the section of I-81 around the town has a high rate of wrecks, sending thousands of cars and trucks through the town during those incidents.
The CTB is also directed to study truck travel patterns along the Interstate 81 corridor and develop a tolling policy that minimizes the impact on local truck traffic;
The study should also identify actions and policies that will be implemented to minimize the diversion of truck traffic from the Interstate 81 corridor, including the prohibition of through trucks on parallel routes.
The study should also determine potential solutions to address truck parking needs along I-81.
The meat of the proposed study is the directive that the CTB and Office of Intermodal Planning and Investment develop and adopt a comprehensive Interstate 81 Corridor Improvement Plan that examines the entire length of Interstate 81 and would be financed with truck tolls.
The study would designate specific segments in the corridor for improvement and align those segments with a tolling location,
The study also would identify a targeted set of improvements for each segment that may be financed or funded through revenues generated by the expected tolls collected in each segment.
The legislation also directs that the study “ensure that in the overall plan of expenditure and distribution of toll revenues, each segment's total long-term benefit will be approximately equal to the proportion of the total of the toll revenues collected that are attributable to the segment divided by the total of such toll revenues collected.”
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Popular Korean actor Lee Tae-Im recently sparked a bit of controversy after revealing that they only eats three spoons of rice a day in order to maintain their slim figure.
Lee, who was previously known for their curves and overall healthy image, appeared on an episode of MBC Every1's “Video Star” on Tuesday, where panelists quickly noticed their extremely slim physique. The young actor admitted to undergoing an extreme diet for the last six months, during which they only ate three spoons of rice per day. They confessed that they felt insecure about their look after a photo-shoot with fellow actores Park Han-Byul and Lee Chae-Young, both of whom were in much better shape than them
Full story: odditycentral.com
By Spooky
Darlene Faye (Hughes) Richardson, 78 year old resident of Leedey, OK, passed away Sunday, February 5, 2017 in their home. They were born August 18, 1938, in Higgins, TX, to Ira S. and Theresa (Houser) Hughes. With two older brothers, James (Jim) and Fred, they completed the family. Darlene attended several schools during their childhood. Jim was twelve years older than Darlene, but they remembered them and Fred riding a horse to a two-room schoolhouse.
While attending school in Rye, CO, Darlene suffered from polio. Through sheer strength and determination of themselves and their mother, they were able to walk to accept their Y-Teen crown and their high school diploma. After graduation, they married Dale Richardson on July 20, 1956. They were married 23 years before divorcing. To this union three children were born, Vicky Lynn, Cindy Faye, and Alan S. Darlene never remarried, but did have a long-time companion, Bud Hughes.
Darlene was an amazing landscape artist and gardener, enjoying many hours working in their yard. They spent many an evening sitting by the outdoor fire pit, watching the birds, or admiring God's creation. They were also talented at cross-stitch, embroidery, crocheting and most any type of handwork. They blessed their children, grandchildren and many friends with their lovely handiwork. “Grandma Dot” or “G-Dot”, as they were lovingly known, was an energetic and fun-loving grandma. They loved their children dearly, but when their grandchildren were born, their love was multiplied and when the great-grandchildren started coming, the love they had grown exponentially! They also loved the neighbor children as they would come to visit, help in any way, or just to play. If they had a fire going in the fire pit, it didn't take much to persuade them to roast a marshmallow for a s'more. There is a Richardson Family Group text and they were always relaying stories about their “other kids”, a recent one being a trip to Elk City for Braum's ice cream that included a few neighborhood boys. Darlene loved spending time with Bud, helping check their cattle, looking at the farm ground, and generally enjoying the countryside. They were a devoted Leedey Bison fan, watching many of their activities. Darlene enjoyed working at the Leedey Senior Citizens Center, delivering meals to the “old” people. They were talented and loved oil painting and cross-stitching. They attended the Leedey and Hammon First United Methodist churches, enjoying the fun and fellowship at both. They quoted this often: “People do not stop doing things because they get older, they get older because they stop doing things.” Darlene was an active mom, grandma, great-grandma and friend, they truly “lived” until their death. Darlene was preceded in death by their parents Ira S. and Theresa, brothers Jim and Fred, and special friend, Bud Hughes.
 They are survived by daughters Vicky (Dan) Hadley of Sedan, KS and Cindy (Mike) Grant of Sayre, OK; son Alan Richardson and Teresa Everett of Frisco, TX; grandchildren and great-grandchildren Bobbie, Kevin & Blake Robison of Fairview, OK, Joni Hadley & Trey Beeson of Sedan, KS, Kelly, Brandon, Wade, & Wyatt Manke of Watonga, OK, Kent, Sam, Lilly & Karlee of Leedey, OK, Michael, Robin, Trey & Bowan Grant of Oklahoma City, OK, Dusty, Lisa, Grayson and Mollie Grant of Weatherford, OK, Heather Richardson and Brooke Richardson both of College Station, TX, Scott, Jessica, Caden, Hudson and Preslee Everett of Frisco, TX, Marc and Nikki Everett of Frisco, TX, Jared Everett and Ryan Everett both of Frisco, TX; other relatives and many friends.
Graveside services were held Friday February 10, 2017 at 10:00 am at the Higgins Cemetery, Higgins, TX. Memorial services were held at 1:30 pm at the United Methodist Church, Leedey, OK. Condolences may be made to the family at shawfuneralhome.net. Shaw Funeral Home of Leedey
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):` Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq has said that Pakistan considered France an important friend and wished to enhance the bilateral and parliamentary relations as well as multilateral cooperation with it.
They made these remarks in their meeting with a five-member French Parliamentary delegation headed by Mr. Jean-Bernard Sempastous, President of France-Pakistan Friendship Group in the National Assembly of France here Monday, said a press
release.
Convener of the Pak-French PFG in National Assembly of Pakistan Muhammad Junaid Anwaar Chaudhry and French Ambassador in Pakistan Mr. Marc Baréty were also present in a meeting held in the Parliament House.
Refereeing to Pakistan-France relations, the Speaker emphasized the role of parliamentarians in cementing bilateral
relations between the two countries.
They said that it is very encouraging that Pak-French Friendship Groups existed in the parliaments of the two countries to promote mutual interaction among the parliamentarians. “Parliamentarians through PFG can play an important role in
bringing the two countries closer”.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq said that Pakistan is heading towards its real destination, as Pakistan has taken off on the road of development and progress.
They said that there is no room for terrorism and extremism in Pakistan and terrorists are open enemies of humanity.
They said that the Pakistani nation is committed to eliminating terrorism and unparalleled achievements have been made due
to a decision, taken with consensus, by military and civilian leaderships. “Terrorism and extremism are the biggest threats to
peace and stability and it can be countered by closer cooperation amongst the stakeholders, the Speaker said.
They said that durable peace in South Asia cannot be achieved without resolution of Kashmir issue. They underlined that peace
and stability in Pakistan was inextricably linked with that of Afghanistan.
The Speaker outlined that Pakistan is the France's second largest trading partner in South Asia and Pakistan-France
relation derives its strength from people-to-people contacts.
They urged for expansion and diversification of trade relations and strengthening of “Pakistan-France Business Alliance”. They urged for more robust cooperation in scientific research, energy, environment, education and governance.
French delegation appreciated the role of Pakistani Parliament and reiterated their country's full support to democratic
forces of the country.
“France wanted democracy and democratic institutions in Pakistan to flourish and strengthen” they said.
Mr Jean-Bernard Sempastous, President of France-Pakistan Friendship Group in the National Assembly of France said that France also wanted to enhance cooperation with Pakistan in all sectors of the economy.
They said that Pakistan is rendering great sacrifices in the war against terrorism and its role is commendable.
They added that Pakistan's advances and contribution in global war on terror deserves candid appreciation and assured the Speaker that France will continue to support for this collective cause.
They also endorsed expansion of cooperation in energy, education, environment and agriculture. Mr Jean added that
France-Pakistan cooperation is highly crucial for tackling evolving challenges in the region and beyond.
By Carmen Kurtz
The Canadian near-frozen north has been steadily gaining a reputation as the place for big-water hungry kayakers. Melting snowpack fueled by spring sun or spring showers sees the rivers of eastern Ontario and northern Quebec rising to create raging big water and monstrous surf waves. It's the Promised Land for whitewater kayaking.
“People came from all over. Everyone knows the reputation of Quebec and Canada in the spring; it's the biggest and sickest whitewater in the world.” —Bren Orton
Some kayakers travel north searching for waves to surf, willing to literally “stakeout” for prime water levels. But in recent years, with increased knowledge of snowmelt patterns and the characteristics of different rivers and rapids, there has been a slight shift from soul surfing and wave hunting to multi-stage whitewater kayaking competitions.
FOUR STAGES
Following the highly progressive format of the late Whitewater Grand Prix (WWGP), a new collective of whitewater rippers calling themselves SEND, have taken the torch from the WWGP creating Unleashed, a new multi-stage kayak comp. Held from April 28 to May 7, the SEND crew (Bren Orton, Adrian Mattern, Dane Jackson and Kalob Grady) invited some of the top big-wave kayakers to taste the north. Over the course of the 10-day competition, 15 men and five women would battle it out for cumulative points in four stages of the event to determine the best all-round kayaker.
“The whole aim of the event is to find the best all round whitewater kayaker in the world.” —Bren Orton
The event premiered this year with the three-trick freestyle stage at the Ruins on the Ottawa River, followed by a big-water boatercross race on the flooded Rouge River in Quebec. Big water and a homemade giant slalom course on the Basse Cachée River (just outside of Quebec City), saw the competitors taking lines and hitting eddies that added an extra challenge to the already huge run. And finally, the wrap-up event was a 10-trick freestyle comp on the newly discovered Molly wave on the Mistassibi River.
A post shared by Kalob Grady (@kalobgrady88) on May 9, 2017 at 7:27pm PDT
INVITE ONLY
With the freedom that comes from being unattached to large sponsorship, the event was self-funded, asking each athlete for a $50 CAD entry fee that went directly to prize money, as well as leaving each athlete responsible for food, travel and accommodation. Kayakers were invited to attend the event only after the organizers went through applications. The water here is real big and real cold. “This type of whitewater is just not for everyone,” says organizer and big-wave Brit Bren Orton.
“The application and invitation process is to ensure no one gets in over their head. I want to know that someone will nail the line, or they won't get on the water.” —Bren Orton
Competitors also provided safety for each other during the event as well as contributed to media, furthering the simplicity of Unleashed as a grassroots event.
TO BE ANNOUNCED
For a competition this innovative, being fluid and adaptable was key. The location of each event was decided on the day of, or just days before the event itself. Very much in the style of Stakeout, Unleashed gave organizers lots of time to predict and scout for the best event location based on fluctuating water levels. “Most of the other kayak comps I've done, you know where they will take place and you know what the water levels will be,” says big-wave up-and-comer and second place finisher Brooke Hess. Unleashed had a rolling plan that would give athletes at least a day of practice or rest in between stages, which is necessary given the beatings bodies take on water this fast and big. Progression means pushing yourself, and for some, like Hess, it was their first time surfing some of these northern giants.
“It was a way for me to push my own paddling, by paddling and competing with the best big wave paddlers in the world.” —Brooke Hess
DANE AND DARBY DOMINATE
Using a points system based on each athlete's finishing position in each event, Dane Jackson and Darby McAdams came away with the wins. Unleashed tested kayakers in a number of disciplines of big-water paddling and created their own scoring system for the freestyle components, placing an emphasis on amplitude, style and use of the wave. The camaraderie of competing while encouraging and looking out for each other was another unique aspect of this event.
“More of a supportive atmosphere vs. competitive atmosphere” —Brooke Hess
TO BE CONTINUED
Executing the inaugural event without a hitch, the Send boys plan for Unleashed to have a long shelf life. “Oh yeah, we are gonna try and make it happen every year,” says Orton. “The annual event in Quebec will always be the plan but we want to bring it to other countries as well.” Uganda is high on the list for a similar style Unleashed event, and more rivers will be added to the hit list.
Unleashed was an event run by kayakers, for kayakers with the main focus on having a good time while progressing the sport of big-wave freestyle. “It was honestly just a fairy tale start to finish,” says Orton. “We got the best water levels we could hope for and people were just so on board.” Let the dream live on and let the progression on big waves continue.
For a full list of results and media from each stage, check out the SEND Facebook page.
More on C&K
C&K PHOTO ESSAY Feature: ‘Celebrating Stakeout'
—Whitewater Grand Prix 2014 in Photos
—Whitewater Grand Prix Cancelled for 2017
No fewer than 163 Nigerians who were stranded in Libya voluntarily returned to the country on Tuesday.
The aircraft conveying the ​ returnees landed at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA) around 3:30pm aboard a chartered aircraft.
Their return was facilitated by the International Organization of Migration (IOM.
The returnees received at the Hajj Terminal by the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) comprised of 92 adult females; 62 adult males; seven children, and two infants. Among them were three unaccompanied minors while three of the deportees require medical care.
About 1000 were assisted to return home from the North African country last year while more Nigerians are still said to be stranded in the country.
BEIJING, April 24 (APP):Eight foreign ministers from member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization
(SCO) met on Tuesday to discuss further deepening multilateral relations.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi presided over the meeting. Foreign Minister Khawaja
Muhammad Asif and foreign ministers of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan,
Uzbekistan, India Secretary-General of the SCO and Director of the Executive Committee
of the SCO Regional Anti-Terrorist Structure attended the meeting.
The meeting focused on international and regional issues that concern all parties and
preparations for the SCO Leaders' Summit in June in east China's Qingdao city.
The Foreign Ministers agreed to coordinate closely and to speak in a unified voice on
major international and regional issues, pledging to offer solutions for security and coordinated
efforts.
They re-affirmed that peaceful political process is the only way to solve the Syria issue
and that Syria's sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity must be ensured and
maintained.
They agreed the Astana process, the Syrian talks in Geneva and the intra-Syria talks
in Sochi have made significant contributions to promote a political settlement in Syria.
The ministers expressed their deep concern about the missile strike to Syria, carried
out by the three permanent members of the UN Security Council on April 14, 2018. They
believed the strike exacerbated the suffering of the Syrian people.
As the UN Security Council discussed this issue on April 13, 2018, the ministers called
all parties to demonstrate restraint and avoid any actions that could escalate the conflicts further
and to support UN's core role to secure world peace and stability.
They also agreed that SCO member states would step up in connecting China's Belt and
Road Initiative with each country's development plan.
Speaking at the meeting, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the SCO has agreed on
14 resolutions, and most of them will be signed during the Qingdao Summit.
They include the declaration of the SCO member countries, a long-term treaty of friendship
among neighboring countries, an outline of plans for the next five years, and cooperation from
many other perspectives, Wang said.
Wang emphasized to further advocate the “Shanghai Spirit”, which will be a highlight of the
June's SCO Qingdao summit.
They pointed the success of the SCO lies in its underlying principle of the “Shanghai Spirit”.
The SCO Qingdao summit is an opportunity to revitalize this and the summit will enhance
trust and solidarity between the member states, building a closer SCO community.
Wang said cooperation should be mutually beneficial. They called on countries to improve
the convenience of international transportation and to facilitate trade and inter-connectivity.
China took the chairpersonship of the SCO last June. Before the Qingdao summit, it will
host a meeting of supreme court judges, tourism ministers, political parties and the media
representatives from SCO members.
A dean's assistant at East Aurora High School was found dead Monday in a parking lot outside the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.The Speedway Police Department identified the deceased Tuesday as 38-year-old Adam Melchi of Plano, Illinois. Their body was found in a tent, a day after the Indy 500.Melchi had been a dean's assistant at the west suburban high school since 2003, according to a statement posted on District 131's website . They started working at East Aurora in 2001 as an after-school supervisor.The district extended its condolences to Melchi's family and friends. Principal Marina Kosak said they were a hard worker and that students and staff enjoyed their company."Adam was a well-liked and well-respected staff member at East Aurora High School. They brought a strong work ethic to school each day, and the students and staff loved to be in their company. They worked with our student council and many of our sports teams as the voice of the Tomcats at home games. The entire Tomcat family mourns this loss," Kosak said in a statement.The results of an autopsy have not yet been released, but police said there were no signs of foul play.
Bajaur Agency
Assistant Political Agent (APA) Bajaur, Arif Khan on Thursday said political administration has ensured friendly business environment in agency to boost business and trade activities in the area.
They expressed these views in oath-taking ceremony of newly elected office bearers of Sadiqabad Traders Association here at Khar.
They said administration with the financial support of federal government has planned to provide modern and basic facilities to every bazaar and trade centers of the agency.
APA said that promotion of business and trade activities in Bajaur Agency was necessary for socio-economic development of the area as large number of people is associated with trade and business.
Trade, on the occasion, thanked local administration and federal government for their efforts to promote business and trade.
They said that it would help to encourage business and trade activities in the agency.—APP
Police are looking for nine masked thieves who broke in and stole motorcycles, ATV's and dirtbikes from a Findley, Ohio business. The suspects would have taken more but left multiple vehicles outside because there was no more room for them in the trailer.
Vets Riding For Charity to Dorn Va- Delivered Holiday Cheer and Supplies
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– The Bikes were revving up on Sunday in the Midlands, all for charity and our veterans.
Riders with the annual Vets Christmas Charity Ride gathered Sunday for their annual pilgrimage to Dorn VA.
The group brought supplies, presents and cheer to the veterans, along with a few special guests, including USC Women's Head Basketball Coach Dawn Staley.
This is the 17th year for the Vets Christmas Charity Ride.
Rovio, the Finnish company behind Angry Birds, is planning to go public “as early as next month,” Bloomberg reports.
Citing sources, Bloomberg reports the IPO could value Rovio at $2 billion and that the company could raise about $400 million from a local market listing. Though, it seems that a final decision has yet to be made, meaning Rovio may decide to stay private for longer.
Since first releasing Angry Birds in 2009, Rovio has expanded its business to include movies and other games because the company realized it could not solely rely on Angry Birds games for revenue. The release of the Angry Birds movie in 2016 helped increase game sales and earlier this year, Rovio posted 2016 revenue growth of 34 percent to 190.3 million euros with earnings of 17.5 million euros. In the year prior, Rovio posted a loss.
Back in June, news came out that Tencent was considering a $3 billion purchase of Rovio, as well as that Rovio may consider going public in the near future.
At the time, Rovio said, “A stock exchange listing at some point in the future could be possible in order to support the continued strong growth of Rovio and its strategic targets.”
I've reached out to Rovio and will update this story if I hear back.
People walk past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Asian shares slumped Tuesday as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout in technology companies. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
Major League Baseball will hold its first Players Weekend late this summer, an event that will allow athletes to showcase their personalities through minimal uniform restrictions, Yahoo Sports reported Wednesday.
The event was negotiated between the league and the players' union and is being planned for Aug. 25-27, according to a memo obtained by Yahoo Sports.
As part of the weekend, a player will be allowed to put one nickname on the back of their jersey, as long as it's not "inappropriate or offensive."
There will be loose color restrictions on things such as cleats, batting gloves and catcher's masks, with the memo saying, according to Yahoo, that the colors only "must avoid interfering with the game and an umpire's ability to make a call. White gloves, wristbands and sleeves are prohibited."
Lastly, players will be able to pay tribute to a person or organization "instrumental to their development" by writing that person's or organization's name on a patch on their jersey during the planned weekend, the memo obtained by Yahoo said.
The jerseys will be sold by MLB, with proceeds going to the Youth Development Foundation, Yahoo reported.
People in many parts of India use makeshift bridges to commute. Here are some of the photos of those bridges.
It is Monday, and that means PewterReport.com answers your questions about the Bucs in an all new Monday Mailbag. You can have your question answered by submitting it on Twitter using the hashtag #PRMailbag.
Question: Do you see Riley Bullough becoming a backup to Kwon Alexander? They played well against the Bengals and seems to have the intangibles.
Answer: It is still way too early to say. The team really liked Kendell Beckwith's chances of being the backup to Kwon, but with the injury to Devante Bond, Beckwith probably moves over to the SAM spot. When it comes to Bullough, what you saw on Hard Knocks is real. I was listening to a camera man at the Bucs and Jags practice and they were saying you could hear Bullough all the way from the other end of the field.  They are intense. But there was a reason they went undrafted. Of course the halls of Canton are lined with players who weren't drafted, you can tape, time and breakdown all the physical attributes of a player but there is no way to measure their heart and desire. Ask Adam Humphries. I wouldn't bet against Bullough that is for sure, but as far as them working their way up to Alexander's backup, we need to see the next three preseason games first.
Question: What percentage chance does Bobo Wilson have of making the 53-man roster?
Answer: Wilson is another guy you can't count out. Like Bullough, when we are first signed it didn't really create much of a ripple in my mind (other than they were a Nole). But they have been one of the most impressive of the undrafted players so far in camp. While I wouldn't say they have done anything spectacular, they have been doing everything right. And that goes a long way in making a roster. Steady and dependable so far, what Wilson needs is a splash play – a punt return for a TD, or long pass reception – something that makes the staff not be able to cut them after the final preseason game. I see them as a 35 percent guy right now. But there are still three preseason games left to go, and if they don't make it this go around, I would expect them to be a practice squad candidate.
Question: What are the Bucs choices with injured Ryan Griffin and what do you think they do?
Answer: That was something Dirk Koetter said they were looking at on Saturday. The biggest factor will be exactly how long the injury will take to heal. Obviously if it is into the season, they most likely goes on IR or is released with an injury settlement. If it is just a couple weeks then maybe they keep him. All of those things have been discussed most likely, but a positive sign was seeing Griffin in Jacksonville on the field with their teammates. Now they of course wasn't dressed out, but they also aren't wearing a bulky sling and ice pack either. We should know a little more later in the week.
Question: The battle for the 5th wide receiver spots seems to be a little underwhelming, two that seem most consistent are Derel Walker and Donteea Dye, so who wins?
Answer: I am not sure Dye would qualify as one of the most consistent. Walker however looks to me to be in the lead. They have been solid all camp, and despite not playing great on Friday night (slipped on two routes) I still think they have a very good shot to take that job. They remind me a little of rookie Chris Godwin. Pretty polished for a young player. As mentioned a number of times so far in the mailbag, there is still a lot of football left and everything is very fluid. And as we saw last season, injuries can hit this group hard and fast. The player who ends up as the fifth wide receiver when the season ends, might not even be on the roster yet.
