Staff Reporter
Commissioner Overseas Pakistanis Commission (OPC) Punjab, Afzaal Bhatti has said that OPC has emerged as an effective platform to help and facilitate the expatriates. They disclosed that the Commission is working on fast track basis and half of the received complaints have already been redressed. This has given confidence to the expats.
Presiding over a departmental meeting at their office , they said that OPC is playing a very pivotal role in redressing different issues faced by the Overseas Pakistanis with regard to the Punjab government. They can, anytime, contact OPC for the solution of their complaints relating to Government agencies in the Punjab. Commissioner further told that OPC has developed a state-of-the-art IT based system; and through this system, complaints are referred to concerned departments to proceed further. This has been done on the special instructions of the chief minister Shahbaz Sharif. They told that OPC monitors the whole process electronically to ensure that redressal is done well in time.
Afzaal Bhatti said, the district Overseas Committees are also playing an active role to settle the issues of Overseas Pakistanis at the grassroots. Overseas Pakistanis are real ambassadors of the country and main purpose of OPC is to provide them an effective and useful platform for resolving their problems, concluded Commissioner OPC.
SPARK Releases Livingston Economic Report, Action Plan
August 14, 2017
Livingston County continues to grow and there are real opportunities for recruiting and retaining both talent and businesses.
Those are some of the findings of a recently released benchmarking report of Livingston County's economic growth. It was completed by the Economic Development Council of Livingston County and Ann Arbor SPARK, which provides business recruitment and retention services to the area. The report documents the region's continued economic success and an action plan for continued economic growth. SPARK works to help companies grow and expand but also connect local talent to job opportunities.
The report examined land use issues, taking into account how the number of available sites and buildings in the county compare to what the market is asking for. There was also a talent component and what job opportunities are out there.
SPARK Senior Vice President Phil Santer says it was a really good opportunity to give a data perspective related to what's going on in the county, where it excels and where there might be some work to do. They tell WHMI Livingston County is a bedroom community, meaning the majority of people who live here, head outside of the county for work. They explained the county has a highly educated and good population of people living here but there is a need to connect local talent with good job opportunities to work in the county, instead of commute out.
The main industries for economic drive locally include retail/hospitality, healthcare and manufacturing. Santer says the latter has been a great driver for growth in the job market overall and that will continue in the future. They say SPARK will be working to attract and grow businesses that have those types of opportunities. One challenge though is Livingston County having the lowest unemployment rate in all of Michigan's 83 counties.
Santer says median household income continues to be a high point for Livingston County, which was identified as one of the wealthiest in the state. They say there's continuing growth with new residents but growth needs to be managed to make sure the business communities have opportunities to grow with them. Finally, they say it will be crucial to stay focused on the talent engagement piece and noted various needs within the health care sector.
A link to the full report is provided. (JM)
LOS ANGELES—Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as Scandal and Grey's Anatomy, has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix.
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix. Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes' shows Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and How to Get Away With Murder would continue to air on ABC.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to the network for giving their career a start, but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and “creative identity” with Netflix.
They wrote that they and Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes' career. They said Netflix offered them and their team “limitless possibilities.”
Read more:
Officials with Delta Hands for Hope in Shaw are looking for donors to participate in its first Angel Tree Project.
Executive Director Lane Riley and Program Coordinators Kamien Thomas and Brittney Neal decided this year they wanted to bring smiles to children's faces who are in need of Christmas presents.
Thomas said, "This year we felt the need to be of service to the kids we serve."
Thomas said one reason they decided to have an Angel Tree Project this year is because they saw that parents could barely provide necessities for their children.
Thomas said they are hoping individuals will provide kids with items such as hats, scarves, gloves, jackets and age appropriate toys.
"We just want to be a blessing and allow others to be a blessing to kids who need it, so we prayed about it and just did it," said Thomas.
They added, "Delta Hands for Hope is known as the place of answered prayers, and we are like the hope of the Shaw community.
"We just want to see smiles on our kids faces this holiday season."
Thomas said the center has a total of 20 kids and only five people have donated so far.
Thomas said, "Our goal is to make it bigger and bigger but we need more sponsors this year to help make a child's Christmas one they will never forget.
"We just need of a few donors to help make Christmas a blast for our kids this year."
The official gift exchange will be Dec. 22 at 4 p.m.
Donations and gifts can be brought to 124 E. Peeler Ave. from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.
If anyone is interested in adopting a child, Thomas or Riley may be contacted at 662-400-1775 or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Just before this weekend's New York Comic Con arrives, Dark Horse has revealed plans to team up with Nintendo on a series ofgraphic novels. There isn't too much info at the moment, but Dark Horse shared a look at the artwork by Joe Ng, who previously illustrated characters from the Darkstalkers and Street Fighter series for some of Udon Entertainment's books.Dark Horse referred to the project as “a new publishing program for the energetic and strategic fighting game," Hopefully we'll know more soon, but for now you can look forward tocomics rolling out sometime in 2018. Here is a look at some of the art that Joe has done.Here is the official trailer for thevideo game! What are your thoughts on the article? Have you played this game before? Are you excited about a graphic novel series? Let us know all your thoughts in the comment section below!
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Today - a first for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It closed above 20,000. The stock market has been rising since Donald Trump's election. The Dow is up more than nine percent, and the broader S&P 500 is up more than 7 percent. As NPR's Chris Arnold reports, investors are betting that the Trump presidency will be good for big companies and for the economy as a whole.
CHRIS ARNOLD, BYLINE: One reason investors keep bidding up stock prices seems to be that the president has said and done a bunch of things that the stock market likes. He's talked of cutting taxes, a big infrastructure program, less regulation. He's chosen top executives from industry and finance for Cabinet positions. Juli Niemann is an analyst with Smith Moore and Company.
JULI NIEMANN: What we have going on now is a huge optimistic rally that this is pro-growth, pro-USA. And money is just going to start pouring into the economy, so it's a tremendous amount of optimism. The only fudge factor, though, is a lot of unrealistic optimism out there as well.
ARNOLD: Other market watchers agree that investors are probably a bit overexcited. David Kotok is chief investment officer of Cumberland Advisors. They say, OK, let's take infrastructure spending. That could be good.
DAVID KOTOK: It's a great idea to rebuild airports like LaGuardia in New York and to fix bridges and fix roads and schools and sewer plants and so forth. No one objects to those issues.
ARNOLD: That could create a lot of jobs and get money flowing like Niemann was talking about. There's no lack of old, rundown bridges to fix, but...
KOTOK: How do you pay for them?
ARNOLD: Part of Trump's plan for how to pay for them is to lower corporate taxes. They want to entice multinational corporations to bring more of their profits back to the U.S. and pay taxes here - that is, instead of stashing the money in tax havens around the world. But Trump can't do that by waving a magic wand. It very well could be a long, protracted debate in Congress.
KOTOK: So Trump is going to learn that when you govern as president, you're not the king and the czar, but you also have to deal with the United States Senate and the House of Representatives.
ARNOLD: But both Niemann and Kotok say investors are pricing stocks as if those pro-growth policies are going to get enacted quickly and spur bigger earnings.
KOTOK: What if that all doesn't come together? In that case, the market has gone too far too fast.
ARNOLD: OK, so what should the everyday investor do now that the Dow has crested 20,000? We talked to Daniel Egan, the director of behavioral finance and investing at betterment.com. It's an online financial adviser. We should also say they've been an NPR sponsor. And as the Dow approached 20,000, this supposed milestone, Egan was not on a trading floor. They were home giving their baby a warm bottle.
(SOUNDBITE OF BABY COOING)
DANIEL EGAN: OK, come here. We're going to do this. Come here, you.
ARNOLD: Egan says all the hoopla could be used as a reminder of the importance of what's called rebalancing your portfolio. Say you have a long-term financial plan of holding 50 percent in stocks, the rest in bonds and real estate. When stocks surge like they just have, you might have 55 percent of your holdings in stocks, so you sell some stock to get back to your target 50 percent. That's the rebalancing part. Egan says, though, that people often don't like to sell stocks when they're rising.
EGAN: It's like taking your best football player off the field right after he's been doing amazingly well.
ARNOLD: But Egan says you want to buy stocks low and sell them high, and that's part of what rebalancing does. Egan recommends setting up automatic rebalancing four times a year so you can forget about the market and spend more time with your baby or your family. Chris Arnold, NPR News.
(SOUNDBITE OF DEER TICK SONG, "TWENTY MILES") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
File Photo: Tony Cerminaro, of Jermyn, finishes the Steamtown Marathon in Scranton. JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER
Tony Cerminaro Sr. of Jermyn won their age group Monday at the 121st Boston Marathon.
The 80-year-old Cerminaro was first in the men's 80+ age group with a time of 4 hours, 14 minutes, 10 seconds. That was 18:44 ahead of the second-place runner in the division, Gerald Miller from Canada (4:32:54).
Cerminaro's overall place was 18,478.
Sam Kuchwara was the top-finishing local runner. The 25-year-old from Dickson City placed 99th in 2:35:03.
Ryan Place, 31, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a graduate of Elk Lake High School, finished in 26th overall, and 23rd among men, in a time of 2:23:05.
Earl Granville, a nine-year veteran under the Pennsylvania Army National Guard as an infantryman who lost their leg in Afghanistan in 2008, completed the marathon on a prosthetic leg. They finished by carrying their guide across the finish line.
Here is a list of local runners, in alphabetical order, with their times:
RUNNER, TOWN TIME
Ryan Andrews, Tunkhannock 3:49:30
Christine Brunetti, Jessup 4:31:47
Leonard Burke, Clarks Summit 3:58:32
Jim Cadden, S. Abington Twp. 3:26:39
Larry Cassidy, Union Dale 4:44:58
Tony Cerminaro, Sr., Jermyn 4:14:10
Robert Damiano, Nicholson 3:17:50
Jack Davis, Scranton 3:04:55
Bill Fiore, Clarks Green 3:54:49
Paula Fitch, Brackney 4:20:14
Frank Grogan, Clarks Summit 3:20:41
Noreen Inman, Tunkhannock 3:39:47
Joseph Kelly, Carbondale 3:22:53
Sam Kuchwara, Dickson City 2:35:03
Mary Ann Lawrenson, Thompson 3:47:40
Stacy Minelli, Scott Twp. 3:32:24
Mark Monahan, Moosic 3:33:04
Leslie Moran, Scranton 3:55:21
Amy Neugenbauer, Beach Lake 3:46:30
Tim O'Neill, Great Bend 3:48:44
Lisa Owens, Scranton 4:11:46
Kristin Patchell, Roaring Brook 3:30:02
Ashley Shamus, Clarks Summit 3:29:24
Leo Turissini, Scott Twp. 3:46:20
Christal Zermane, Avoca 3:44:30
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — The Democratic candidates for Scranton City Council will debate Monday at 6:30 p.m. at the University of Scranton.
The debate will take place in the Kane Forum on the 2nd Floor of Leahy Hall, Linden Street and Jefferson Avenue. The Democratic candidates are councilmen Joe Wechsler, Bill Gaughan and Pat Rogan plus Scranton School Director Paul Duffy, former school director Kyle Donahue and Cesar Reyes. Richard Johnson, the lone Republican candidate, faces no opposition for their party's nomination and is not part of the debate.
Admission is free and the public is welcome.
— BORYS KRAWCZENIUK
Lahore
Pakistan Muslim League (PML) President and former Prime Minister Ch Shujat Hussain has said the judges showing patience even on being abused deserve appreciation, if the learned judges can send Supreme Court contemnors coming wearing suits even in this weather to Machh Jail for six months each so that there they enjoy weather wearing suits also in coming months where weather is hotter than Punjab even.
They said this while talking to media after inaugurating community centre of President Muslim League Tehsil Sara-i-Alamgir Raja Muhammad Islam Zimadaria. On this occasion, General Secretary Pakistan Muslim League France Raja Mazhar Zimadaria, Ch Shahid Raza Kotla, Ch Khalid Asghar Ghural, Malik Naeem of Shampur and other leaders were also present.
Ch Shujat Hussain further said that they have seen military and civilian regimes as well during their 45 years long political life, they have been in opposition and also in government but has not seen such dirty era so far in which democracy is being ridiculed in the name of democracy, abuses are being hurled but appreciable are those judges who are showing patience so far.
Replying to a question, they said that if anyone has been punished for corruption then there have been no strikes and riots in support of him. On a question, they said that they do not see elections being held because a lot of manipulations has been committed in delimitation of constituencies, if at all elections are election, whether there is alliance with any political party or not, we will fight with the whole nation, we do not talk anything firstly talk about Pakistan because if Pakistan is here, then we all are here (Pakistan Hai, Tau Ham Sab Hain).—NNI
Mattis says training, assisting to remain core mission of forces in Afghanistan
2017-06-15 06:08 | www.trend.az | 0
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said in a statement on Wednesday the core mission of the US-led forces in Afghanistan would remain the same, Sputnik reported.
"Our core mission will remain the same: to train, advise and assist Afghan forces. We are there to help defeat a common enemy and ensure Afghan forces can safeguard the future of their country," the statement said.
Earlier on Wednesday, Mattis testified at a US Senate hearing and said senior officials were outlining a new US strategy for Afghanistan.
The defense secretary added that they would be able to brief Congress on the details of the new Afghanistan policy within weeks.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Aston Martin AM-RB 001 Enlarge Photos
A year ago Aston Martin came out with the surprise announcement that it was developing a hypercar in partnership with the Red Bull Racing Formula One team. Last summer we received a preview in the form of a concept car and since then numerous details have emerged.
On Wednesday, Aston Martin added more details to the pile by listing a number of key partners for the project which is still being referred to by the code name AM-RB 001. The list includes legendary engine builder Cosworth, engineering powerhouse Ricardo, carbon fiber specialist Multimatic, and high-performance electric car expert Rimac.
Cosworth, which has decades of experience building F1 engines, has been tasked with developing a 6.5-liter V-12 for the AM-RB 001. We've previously heard that the engine will rev to 9,500 rpm and come with a flat-plane crank to ensure a wicked sound.
No power figures have been released but the engine, working in concert with a hybrid system, will deliver enough horsepower to ensure a 1:1 power to weight ratio, measured in horsepower per kilograms. The AM-RB 001 is expected to weigh around 1,000 kg (2,200 pounds), so we should be looking at an output of around 1,000 hp. About 900 hp is expected to come from the V-12 alone.
The engine will be mated to a paddle-shifted 7-speed transmission developed by Ricardo, the same company that develops engines for McLaren's road cars. Aston Martin says the transmission will adhere to the AM-RB 001's ethos of “minimal mass and maximum efficiency,” suggesting it may be a sequential transmission rather than a dual-clutch unit.
Aston Martin AM-RB 001 Enlarge Photo Aston Martin AM-RB 001 Enlarge Photo Aston Martin AM-RB 001 Enlarge Photos
Drive is expected to go to the rear wheels only, aided along by the asupervisorstioned hybrid system. This system is designed to provide boost only, as opposed to a full electric mode, and will rely on brake energy regeneration as its primary source of power. Rimac, maker of the Concept_One electric supercar, is developing the lightweight battery for the system.
Meanwhile, Canada's Multimatic, the same company building the Ford GT supercar and a partner of previous Aston Martin projects such as the One-77 and Vulcan hypercars, is building the carbon fiber monocoque structure for the AM-RB 001, dubbed the MonoCell.
Other partners involved in the project include Alcon and Surface Transforms for the brakes, Bosch for the engine, stability and traction control units, and Wipac for the LED lights.
Separately, Aston Martin has confirmed that just 175 examples will be built. Of the 175 cars, 25 will be track-only versions. The remaining 150 will consist of all road-going versions plus any prototypes. Though both the road and track cars will be extreme, it's the latter that's expected to approach or even surpass the performance of an LMP1 endurance racer.
A reveal will take place next year ahead of the start of deliveries in early 2019. By then, Mercedes-AMG will have launched its own hypercar. While the two cars have similar performance targets, designers of the AMG have taken a very different approach, utilizing the turbocharged 1.6-liter V-6-based hybrid powertrain of the current crop of Mercedes-AMG F1 cars and combining it with a “through-the-road” hybrid all-wheel-drive system.
By Anthony Apubeo, GNA
Bongo (U/E), April 24, GNA – Ms Alice Ndego, the District Director of the NCCE in charge of the Bongo District in the Upper East Region, has said corrupt practices in the country were major threats to the nation's development.
They said the practices such as bribery, nepotism, cronyism and favouritism were preventing the nation from meeting its economic and social needs such as potable water, road, schools, hospitals and housing among others.
The District Director, who is also the Queen Mother of Bazua in the Bawku Traditional Area, made the observation during a stakeholders' forum on “Transparency and Accountability,” organized by the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE) at the Chief's palace in the Bongo District.
The forum, which was sponsored by the European Union (EU), was aimed at getting the support of the chiefs to help fight corruption.
The forum assembled 42 divisional and sub chiefs and 17 Queen mothers including the elders of the Traditional Council.
Ms Ndego indicated that the fight against corruption was difficult and government alone could not handle it, hence the NCCE was constitutionally mandated to complement the fight against the canker and called for collective efforts from all the stakeholders and the citizenry in the fight against the phenomenon.
Whilst urging the traditional rulers to support the NCCE in the fight because they wielded much influence in the respective jurisdictions, the District Director disclosed that their outfit put in place a number of programmes to sensitize more identifiable groups including Assembly members, market women, religious leaders, the youth among others in the District, all aimed at mitigating the issue.
Mr Amos Ayuure, the District Director of the Commission for Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ), mentioned that bureaucratic and petty corruption such as lateness to work and closing early from work were among the major factors of corruption and impressed upon people to use the” Whistle Blower's law” by reporting people involved in corruption to the appropriate authorities.
They cited many instances where many traders engaged in corrupt acts by under measuring food stuff such as millet, maize, beans in bowls and selling them at cut throat prices to consumers, describing such act as part of the “petty corruption.”
Most of the chiefs and the queen mothers at the programme attributed the shoddy works by many contractors particularly the construction of schools, health and road projects in the area to bribery, where majority of the contractors seeking for contracts have to pay 10 per cent before being awarded the contract.
Naba Baba Salifu Aleemyarum, the Paramount Chief of the Bongo Traditional Area, explained the Traditional Council's support to the course of the Commission, indicating that more platforms such as durbars and festivities would be offered to the Commission to sensitize the people on the nature, cause and effects of corruption and how each person could contribute to reduce it.
The Paramount Chief who is also a former staff of the Commission schooled their divisional, sub-chiefs, queen mothers and elders of the Traditional Area to eschew corruption and exhibit exemplary leadership and further promised to pay for the cost of the air time for the NCCE to use the Bongo Community Radio Station to preach against the canker.
GNA
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A lawyer for former residential school students excluded from a national apology in 2008 says Justin Trudeau will be in Labrador on Nov. 24 to apologize.
Steven Cooper says the Prime Minister's Office has confirmed he'll be in Goose Bay for an event that's expected to include about 300 people.
About 1,000 class-action members accepted a $50-million package from the federal government to settle claims of abuse and cultural losses.
A spokesperson for Trudeau could not be immediately reached.
AGAWAM - Mackenzie Hope Rogers was crowned Westfield's 2018 Colleen at Chez Josef Friday night during the 37th Annual Sons of Erin Colleen Ball.
Rogers, 21, of Westfield, will be joined by Colleen Court members Maddeline Frey, 18, of Southwick, Brianna Weltlich, 22, of Russell, Catie Laraway, 21, of Westfield and Jasmine Malochleb, 19, of Westfield.
Rogers is a junior dean's list student at University of Massachusetts, Amherst.  They are pursuing a degree in communication disorders with a minor in education.
Rogers' hobbies include cooking, hiking, boating and fishing.
Rogers volunteers for Special Olympics, Boltwood, where they work with mentally ill women, and at Aphasia where they volunteers weekly to help an elderly man to develop their communication skills.
After graduation, Rogers plans to pursue a Master's in speech pathology.
Bo Sullivan served as Master of Ceremonies for the 26th year and was recognized for their commitment by Sons of Erin President Dick Casey.
Also recognized Friday were Westfield Parade Marshall Joanne Miller, Thomas M. Kane Irishman of the Year Peter J. Miller Sr. and Dorothy Griffin Irishwoman of the Year Kara Herman.
Peter Miller said they were "surprised and humbled" when they were selected.
"I'm pleased to accept and represent the City of Westfield at the parade and pleased to be recognized and represent such a great place," Peter Miller said.
Herman called the award a "tremendous honor."
"I have a great love for the Sons of Erin and the Colleen contest and ball," said Herman. "I take great pride in my Irish heritage."
Joanne Miller said they couldn't think of what they have done that was so special to receive the award of leading the city in the Holyoke St. Patrick's Parade.
Joanne Miller said their parents both passed, but they credit them for the values they hold today.
"My parents instilled in me a lot of values -- probably the greatest was watching out for the underdog," they said.
Mayor Brian P. Sullivan officially proclaimed Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 Colleen Day in Westfield.
"When it comes to Irish heritage, I take pride in saying we do it better than everyone else," said Mayor Sullivan.
The Colleen and their court, along with the award winners, will represent the city in the Holyoke St. Patrick's Parade March 18. Judges for the event were Glenn Welch, Ellen Connors and Christine Reynolds.
They wasted no time showing they could make the adjustment.
In their second game at Tennessee, Daniel scored just four points against High Point but had a career-high 10 assists without committing a single turnover. Two weeks later, they had another 10-assist, zero-turnover game against Mercer . He's the first Vol to have multiple games with 10-plus assists in the same season since LaMarcus Golden in 1993-94.
"I don't think they put their self-worth in wanting to be the nation's leading scorer," Tennessee coach Rick Barnes said. "I don't think that. I do think one reason they wanted to come is to help be part of a winning program. I think they could help us do that - and they have."
Although he's coming off the bench, Daniel has a team-high 3.5 assists per game. Daniel also can still score when called upon.
After going seven straight games without exceeding seven points, Daniel scored 16 points last weekend in a 68-45 blowout at Iowa State . They followed that up by scoring 17 Wednesday in an 84-61 victory over LSU .
He's a big reason why Tennessee has outscored opponents 134-48 in bench points during its four-game winning streak. In three of the Vols' last four games, Tennessee's reserves have outscored their starters.
"To have somebody like that who went out two years ago and had 27 points per game, who knows what he's doing and to come in here and now be able to get 10 assists (in a) game and pick up fullcourt - and you know in the back of your head they can still go for 20 - that's lethal," junior forward Kyle Alexander said. "That's something we need."
Daniel also provides experience as the lone senior on Tennessee's roster. He's been around the game long enough to understand their new responsibilities and realize that making an NCAA Tournament run is much more important than scoring at a higher rate.
"You ask anybody who plays basketball, (and) of course scoring is a fun part of the game, but we're winning," Daniel said. "That's all I really want to do."
___
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Steve Megargee, The Associated Press
Sandpaper Gate: 'Bans to stay', Cricket Australia denies reports of relaxation in bans
Sankalp Srivastava FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER News 114 // 04 Jul 2018, 18:04 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
There were widespread reports that the board was contemplating relaxation in the bans
Cricket Australia have refused to soften their stance on the respective bans of David Warner, Steve Smith and Cameron Bancroft. The trio were banned by the board in the aftermath of the 'Sandpaper Gate' ball tampering incident in Cape Town, South Africa.
There were widespread reports that the board was contemplating relaxation in the bans with the 2019 ODI Cricket World Cup in sight. The speculations added that the duo of Warner and Smith might be allowed to play in the domestic games to keep them ready for the World Cup and the Ashes next year.
The reports, though, were outright rejected by a CA official who said that the board hasn't had a discussion and the matter and at no point did they think about softening the bans as there is no provision of a reversal or relaxation of a ban in the CA Code of conduct if the players have accepted the charges.
"At no stage have we, or are we considering lessening the current sanctions in place for respective players in relation to the incident in South Africa," a CA spokesperson told cricket.com.au.
"The CA Code of Conduct does not allow for reversal or lessening of sanctions once players have fully accepted the charges.
"The current articles published are purely speculative."
Now that the board has clarified the situation, the duo of Warner and Smith, who are currently playing in the Global T20 Canada, will not be returning for the Sheffield Shield, Australia's domestic first class-tournament. Bancroft, though, will have served their ban by the end of this year and will be available for selection.
The three players involved in the incident, Warner, Smith and Bancroft, had accepted the ball-tampering charges back in March and were then banned from international and domestic cricket by CA. While the two seniors were slammed a one-year ban each, Bancroft was banned for six months.
Global Gluten Free Food Market: Overview
The gluten free food market has risen from strength to strength riding on the back of the soaring popularity of the food type to combat gluten sensitivity in worldwide population. World over, the proliferating demand for gluten free foods among people with celiac diseases has provided a firm base for the market to evolve. The various digestive benefits gluten free food possesses, along with the beneficial effect on intestinal health, has made the food popular in treating a range of metabolic disorders in worldwide population. The rising preference of gluten free food has in recent years created new revenue streams for food and beverage manufacturers. Several food producers have made a foray into the market with unique positioning strategies to reap the gains.
Bustling with opportunities, the global gluten free food is projected to rise at a promising CAGR of 7.7% during the forecast period of 2015–2021. The market stood at US$2.84 billion in 2014 and the opportunities is projected to surge to touch a valuation of US$4.8 billion by the end of the forecast period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1509
A growing number of players are also harping on multiple selling channels thereby expanding the retail overreach of gluten free foods. This has substantially increased the availability of products across groceries, supermarkets, and other points of sale. Recent innovations brought in the taste and flavor of gluten free food has added to its popularity among weight-conscious populations. The attractive and sustained demand for gluten free bakery products is also contributing to the global market revenues.
Gluten-free Bakery Products to witness Attractively Rising Demand through 2021
Based on product type, the market is segmented into bakery products, baby food, pasta, and ready-to-eat meals. Of these, the bakery segment is projected to rise at an attractive CAGR of 8.5% over the assessment period. The growth is propelled by the extensive demand for various types of bakery products and the easy availability of gluten free options in retain stores. Meanwhile, the rising number of diabetic population who show an inclination toward the consumption of bakery products is also catalyzing the growth of the overall market. The expanding retail footprint for the sale of gluten free bakery products, especially in developed nations, is also providing a sustained impetus to the segment.
The various regional segments are North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). Of these, North America accounted for a prominent share amounting to 23.2% share in the global market in 2015. The regional market will continue gaining shares over the forecast period, rising at a robust CAGR of 11.4% during 2015–2021. The growth of the regional market is attributed to the rapidly rising demand for gluten free bakery products.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/gluten-free-products-market.htm
The elevated level of awareness about the potential benefits of gluten free foods among the regional population is also bolstering the demand. The substantial incidence of celiac diseases in the U.S. and the subsequent rise in health concerns is boosting the regional market. Furthermore, several regulations put forth by the U.S. FDA which requires manufacturers and producers of gluten free food products to adhere to norm augurs well for the North America market. Furthermore, numerous prominent market players in the region are likely to focus on improving the attractiveness of gluten free foods by adding value to their brands.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Hughes has demanded their shellshocked Stoke City players use an ear-bashing by angry fans to motivate them.
Up to 200 supporters confronted the team at Stoke railway station on ­Saturday night after the 5-1 drubbing at Tottenham, many chanting, ‘You're not fit to wear the shirt'.
Boss Hughes reckons the flak was worth it if they can use it to inspire them to bounce back against ­Burnley on Tuesday.
“That is still resonating. It's good we have a game because it is still fresh in their ears probably, and they can use it as a motivating factor,” said Hughes.
“Don't let it make you insular or go into your shell. Don't allow people to have an opportunity to question you.
“You do that by playing well — getting the right results.
“There could be individuals who haven't experienced it before, but they have now, so they can use it.
(Image: Reuters)
“You either suck it up and do ­something about it or you go under, and we can't accept players like that. I don't feel we have players like that.”
Hughes believes the players seeing such fury close up could be the making of them.
“Maybe some hadn't ­confronted that before – but sometimes you need a reality check, and understand how our results and ­performances affect people,” they said.
“When people criticise you, you have to grow a thick skin in this industry. If you don't, you're in the wrong place.”
Chairman Peter Coates has warned Stoke face ‘two big games', with West Ham at home on Saturday.
Hughes, who has been in charge since May 2013, admits they can't afford to think long term.
The Welshman added: “You just have to work in the here and now, which is what I do.”
Landal Gwel an Mor was last night crowned Holiday Village of the Year at the VisitEngland Awards for Excellence.
“This is a major award, not only for us but for Cornwall and is a pat on the back to us from our peers in the UK tourism industry,” said chief executive Bill Haslam.
“This honour says ‘Landal Gwel an Mor is the Best' and we were judged against some of the most amazing places across the country. To win this accolade twice is unheard of, so I am a very proud owner today.”
The awards, now in their 29th year, were presented last night (April 23) at the Bath Assembly Rooms.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you find yourself on fire, it's best to roll around on the floor in a vigorous manner. But you probably already know that.
You might not be so familiar with these other handy life-saving tips, however. Bear Grylls has helped to an extent, but there's more to learn.
Sage advice is hard to come by, but commenters on a recent Quora thread have dished out some great tips that might mean you avoid danger, or are able to get yourself out of a sticky situation.
Here are some of the best...
Texting and walking
(Photo: Getty)
Stop texting while walking. Your brain can't handle it – you need to look where you're going. Murali Krishnan says that walking while using your phone demands huge amounts of cognitive effort, and you can suffer "inattention blindness", where you might see what's around you, but not actually process the fact that you're about to be hit by a car.
Make sure your car mirrors are correctly positioned
(Photo: Getty)
This is basic, but often ignored. Kristen Rush explains that ensuring your car wingmirrors are correctly positioned reduces the size of inevitable blind spots, so you're looking after fellow road users, and yourself.
Don't eat snow unless you really have to
(Photo: AFP)
Snow for hydration is a last resort. It doesn't provide much water at all, and in eating it, you're reducing your body heat rapidly, which might be more dangerous. It's important to weigh up the balance.
Life jackets
(Photo: Getty)
Alvin Yip says that you're in a plane and it makes an emergency landing, don't inflate your life jacket straight away – don't give into the impulse and panic. Inflating the jacket inside the cabin will make it harder to exit the aircraft, so you should wait until you're outside. The same applies for a sinking ship. Swim to an exit, if you can, and then go bouyant.
If you're lost on a hike, walk downhill
(Photo: Getty)
People build in valleys, by water. So walk downhill, as it's your best chance of finding other people, Ernest Adams advises. Jon Mixon says that fences and water are also significant: "The stream always flows downhill and invariably will reach a larger tributary or a body of water, the fence will almost always lead to a road or a structure."
You can perform the Heimlich manoeuvre yourself
(Photo: Instagram / knead_baking)
If you're choking on a chocolate crumpet , you can dislodge it yourself. Naman Mitruka has the formula.
1. "Form a fist with your stronger hand below your rib cage and just above the navel. Place your other palm over the fist to push more firmly."
2. "Drive your fist in and up in the diaphragm area (the top of your stomach) forcefully and repeat several times till the object stuck in your throat is dislodged."
Having strong antihistamines on you is good if you're travelling abroad
(Photo: Getty)
New adventures bring new encounters, and you never know what you might have an allergy to. Ryan Borek encourages people to take maximum-strength tablets, just in case.
If cooking oil catches fire
(Photo: Getty)
Turn off the burner and cover the pot. Don't do anything drastic. Call the fire brigade too, of course, if necessary. Just don't use water, whatever you do.
In case of stabbing
(Photo: Getty)
Don't try to remove the blade. The same applies if you're unlucky enough to find yourself impaled on a sharp object. Thomas Mei writes that you should cover the wound instead, try to stop the bleeding, and find a medical professional.
Remember smoke in house fires
(Photo: Getty Images)
Smoke inhalation is the biggest cause of death in house fires. Stay low to the ground and avoid breathing too much if you can, Harsh Sharma explains.
The bystander effect
(Photo: Getty Images)
If you find yourself hurt in a public place, single out an individual. There's a psychological belief that if you're in a crowd of people, injured, everyone will think that 'somebody else' is going to help you. Direct your pleas to one person – they're more likely to intervene.
A torch can save your life
(Photo: Matt Cardy/Getty Images)
Torches can be a good weapon against an attacker. And not just because you can hit them with it. If someone's approaching you, perhaps aggressively, the light could warn them off (especially at night), as a harsh light in their eyes will prove effective, and they might worry somebody's attention will be caught.
Condoms
(Photo: Getty)
Janis Butevics writes that you can use the elasticity of condoms to store quantities of water. They're like bladders, and can hold up to a gallon. They're durable and waterproof too – so storing electrical items inside condoms is also helpful.
HT Business Insider
For some, the act of washing hair is a soothing ritual. For others, it's more of a chore. A few of the people who fall into the latter category have decided to embark on a movement that may sound a little unpleasant to some, but apparently works. So what is the No Poo method, as it is commonly known, and what really happens to your hair when you stop washing it for two weeks? I tried it to find out, and it didn't go as I expected.
It's unclear when the No Poo method, as it's commonly known, began but it has been adopted by a number of wellness bloggers over the past few years. It simply involves throwing away all of your shampoo and conditioner and washing your hair with either just water or a combination of natural products.
Why would people bother to do this? According to the official No Poo site, it's because people believe that the harsh chemicals often included in commercial haircare products strip hair of its natural oils or sebum, resulting in a process that actually makes hair greasier, encouraging you to wash your hair more frequently.
However, there isn't actually any scientific proof to back up this sneaky sales tactic claim. Dr. Nicole Rogers, assistant clinical professor of dermatology at Tulane University, told Health: "For the average person with healthy, untreated hair, there is no evidence that the simple act of shampooing, so long as it is with the appropriate ingredients for your hair, will cause damage."
WAA/Stocksy
Dr. Rogers adds that contrary to No Poo advocates' claims that shampoo triggers excess sebum production, this production is actually "affected by various things including hormones, diet, and genetics. The simple act of not washing your hair less is not going to slow it down."
While it's clear that there isn't really any science to prove the No Poo method works, you're still likely to come across stories of people who have stopped using shampoo and loved it. In June, Metro published the story of a woman who had been washing their hair with water for two months and was so impressed that they were persuading their friends to try it. Blogger Lucy Aitken Read hasn't used shampoo in years and even wrote a book explaining how and why you should do the same.
Of course, you can't believe everything you read. So I chucked out the last remaining dregs of my shampoo and conditioner (so I wouldn't cheat) and prepared for a fortnight of horrendous hair.
Seeing as I have insanely thick hair, I only wash my hair a couple of times a week anyway so I didn't expect this experiment to affect me as much as someone who washes their locks every single day. But I was worried about looking like a greasy mess — especially when No Poo champions say it can take a couple of weeks for your hair to adjust.
Week One
Lauren Sharkey
Rather than opting for shampoo alternatives like apple cider vinegar or baking soda, I decided to stick to plain old water. Washing my hair without shampoo for the very first time was a strange experience. I automatically reached for the bottle even though I knew it was lying at the bottom of the bin.
I let my hair dry naturally overnight (because I can't be dealing with the heat of a hairdryer or the frizz that it leaves me with in these temperatures), fully expecting it to feel wet from grease the next morning. After running my hands through it, I was pretty surprised to find that it felt the same as it always did after a wash.
Two days later, however, it was a different story. My fringe, which is currently in its awkward growing out stage, felt so greasy that I was embarrassed to leave the house. While the rest of my hair didn't feel too bad, I couldn't wait to get back in that shower.
Lauren Sharkey
My second No Poo experience was a lot easier than the first. In fact, it meant I didn't have to set aside a significant amount of time to wash my hair and could effectively do it when I pleased. After it had taken its usual 12 hours to dry (yes, really), I ran my hands through it once again and asked my sister for their opinion on what it really looked like.
Again, it felt fine at first and my sister agreed that it looked perfectly fine. But after a day, I could feel the itchiness that comes with having greasy hair start to kick in. Weirdly though, my hair didn't look greasy. Instead, it felt quite dry and had plenty of those pesky white flakes from where I couldn't resist scratching my head.
Week Two
Lauren Sharkey
Onwards and upwards, I thought. If I'd managed to ditch the shampoo for one week, surely another couldn't be that hard. Luckily, I was right. By now, I was in and out of the shower in a few minutes, leaving my hair to air dry and waiting with anticipation to see the results.
The third time, it began to look pretty good. It seemed to style better, was less frizzy overall, and my fringe wasn't getting greasy within 24 hours. I could probably get used to this (and to the money I'd save from not buying shampoo every two weeks).
My final time rinsing my hair with just water proved to be exactly the same. I'd learnt to wait at least two days before passing judgement but was impressed at how my curls seemed to fall perfectly without the need for serum and how shiny my hair appeared in photos as well as in real life.
While I could easily have given up after the first horrible week, seeing this experiment through for another seven days proved to be a godsend. I'm not sure if I'll continue using no shampoo every time I wash my hair but am I thinking of using it only once a week on my roots.
If you'd like to try it out for yourself, there are a few things you should know. Those with a normal scalp will apparently do better using just water while those who have oilier skin may want to try washing their hair with baking soda diluted with water and condition with similarly diluted apple cider vinegar.
You may also want to attempt co-washing which is where you banish shampoo from your life and only wash the ends of your hair with conditioner.
Whether you're worried about the harmful effects of chemicals on your hair or are fed up with how lacklustre it feels and looks, there's no guarantee that trying something like the No Poo method will help. But it can't hurt either.
In the search for alternative plastic materials that don't sit in landfills for hundreds of years or form garbage islands in our oceans, some hard questions are being asked about the science underpinning the environmental value of biodegradable plastics. Andrew Masterson, news editor of the online Australian publication Cosmos, noted in a recent review of a new study, “If the replacement product is a heavier grade plastic bag billed as ‘biodegradable,' there is little if any evidence to suggest it's an environmentally helpful solution.”
Carrier bag bans, which have become a popular way to solve the problem of plastics in our oceans and other waterways, are an easy answer to a perceived problem. These bans have resulted in a variety of alternative solutions, including biodegradable bags. But are biodegradable bags any better? Masterson cites a new study in the journal Royal Society Open Science by a research team at the University of Edinburgh led by Jesse Harrison, that the science behind biodegradable bags as a viable solution is iffy, at best.
“Indeed, studies into the end-of-life rate of biodegradable plastic bags are so diverse in their findings, and so varied in their protocols, that they are of little use for informing policy or regulation,” Masterson writes in Cosmos. “Harrison and their team looked at available papers investigating the manufacture and whole-life-cycle of biodegradable plastic bags and found that the available findings were inconsistent and often poorly defined.”
Study Phishing is the attempt to obtain personal, private, or commercially sensitive information or funds by impersonating a trustworthy source. Fraudsters commonly use email to quarry their pray, but messaging apps, social media, fake websites, and phone calls are frequently used too. Consumer phishing attacks still outnumber those specifically targeting businesses and institutions, but this should not lull IT and business managers into a false sense of security.
Phishing scams targeting commercial and public sector organisations (look at some well-crafted examples below) can result in financial losses, brand damage, and compromised IT systems if an end-user inadvertently falls into the scammer's trap.
Click to enlarge
Click to enlarge
Click to enlarge
In this reader poll we'd like to know how your organisation is tackling the challenge, so please click here to begin the survey.
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Shakeel Ghouri
Digri, Mirpurkhas
The most fundamental belief that Islam promotes is that this whole universe is created by Allah who is the Master and the Owner of everything that is present between earth and skies.  They are not only the Creator but also the Nourisher and the Sustainer of everything. Islam reminds people that one day, they have to return to their Creator. And a day will come when the whole humanity will be presented in Their court where they will be accounted for their deeds. According to the Islamic teachings, at the day of judgement Allah will reward those who spent their lives in accordance to Their guidance and those who ignored the injunctions will face punishment.
To believe that Allah is the Creator and They desire man to live life on this earth according to Their will and injunctions necessitates the provision of that guidance which is indispensable to lead a God-fearing and God-conscious life. That guidance has been provided to humanity through Their noble messengers. Every messenger has invited man to understand this fact that life is not without reason and that Creator desires man to be conscious of Their presence and lead their life in accordance with Their will and orders. If we put our prejudices aside— ponder over these facts, it becomes abundantly clear that the discretion which man has been provided with, is the real test of their piety and God-consciousness. Regarding discretion They have provided with, a person has two options.
First, one can do whatever his/her own selfish desires, worldly benefits and personal inclinations might force him/her to do. This is the use of their discretion in accordance with their own will. It happens when one is totally unconscious of the Creator and Their injunctions. This is a wrong, narrow and destructive approach. Because the one who has no fear in his/her heart of their Creator and Master, his/her deeds will be riddled with greed, bias, contempt, grudge, cruelty and dishonety. He/she will be easily deceived by anything that might provide temporary benefits. Such a person will be unmindful to the feelings and aspirations of others. His/her propensity to remain oblivious towards Allah will prompt them to do many sins and wrong deeds which will be destructive not only for him/her but for others at large.
Secondly, a person can lead their life according to the will of Allah. Such a person is God-conscious. One who does so, will be prepared to sacrifice their own desires and sensations that instigate them to commit wrong. He/she does not use their discretion in an arbitrary and undefined way. Rather, every deed, thought and decision will be a well-calculated one. An unbiased observation will surely lead one to conclude that God-consciousness instils many lofty characteristics in man. One who is God-conscious will be honest, truthful, hospitable, generous, fearless, broadminded, sympathetic, confident, tolerant, thankful and humanitarian.
There should be no doubt that Islam inculcates all these above mentioned glorious characteristics in man only when he/she constantly reminds the fact that he/she is the creature of a Great Creator: Allah almighty. Pakistan is a state where majority's religion is Islam. After reading this one must make a sincere effort to understand the reasons of evils that are widespread in our society.
Twitter has finally clamped down on some of the abusive 455 bots that promoted the Guptas‚ talked about white monopoly capital and linked to defamatory sites such as WMC leaks.
Marketer Andrew Fraser and others such as journalist Stuart Theobald reported these accounts a few months ago.
Fraser checked their list of bots and found of the 900 bots‚ 455 were suspended on Sunday. Some of the accounts that had been shut had noticeably fake names much as Khumbu Malan‚ Winzo Benneth‚ Avelo Kopano‚ Jakobo Brits as well as Lineo and Ammy.
Fraser said Malan had tweeted very defamatory and abusive content about former Business Day editor and columnist Peter Bruce. Accounts @CountrydutySA‚ called Better than Zapiro‚ @ZAPIRO have also been shut down.
Fraser and others were told by Twitter on Sunday‚ these accounts had been shut down because they broke Twitter rules.
Twitter accounts can be reported for impersonation‚ abusive content‚ unwanted sexual advances‚ violence‚ very graphic content and hateful speech. People cannot report tweets merely because people don't agree with their ideology.
The WMC leak website twitter handle was shut down on Sunday. It is @WMC_LEAKS.
The WMC website‚ which remains up‚ has published defamatory stories about Peter Bruce‚ former Business Day editor‚ and continues to do so with its latest story saying they are paid money by political groups and "white monopoly capital".
Following the WMC_Leaks Twitter account finally being shut down‚ it opened a new account WMCLEAKS_ that now has 40 tweets and 14 followers.
Theobald thinks they may have reported one of the recently shut down accounts as long as six months ago. The question is‚ why does Twitter not take action sooner after complaints? asks Fraser.
They say Twitter has the software ability to shut down hateful accounts sooner.
If your Twitter account is set as being located in Germany they explains‚ you cannot see any pro-Nazi tweets as Nazi sentiment is illegal.
This means Twitter‚ when incentivised‚ is able to build software to stop certain defamatory tweets from appearing on a person's timeline.
In a repeat of the 2012 edition, three-time champions India and Australia will aim to outplay each other when they face off in the final of the ICC Under-19 World Cup at the Bay Oval on Saturday.
Fresh from a 203-run thrashing of Pakistan in the semi-final, India set their date with Australia, who had comfortably defeated Afghanistan by six wickets in the battle of the last four.
While both sides have been impressive throughout the tournament, India will believe they have an edge, being the only unbeaten side in the competition.
Furthermore, Australia's only defeat -- by 100 runs -- came against India in their tournament opener.
The Group B fixture saw India's top-order batting fire excellently, with openers Prithvi Shaw (94) and Manjot Khalra (86) putting on an opening stand of 180.
India made an imposing 328/7 from their 50 overs before their bowlers dismissed the Australians for 228 to secure a 100-run win.
Since then, Australia has been ruthless, beating Zimbabwe, Papua New Guinea, England and Afghanistan, with their bowling attack taking the full 10 wickets in each match.
Along with beating Australia in the first game, India has defeated Papua New Guinea, Zimbabwe, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
Going into the final on Saturday, all eyes will be on India's stellar batting line-up led by the skipper Prithvi and the likes of Shubhman Gill, who has been the most consistent batsman in the tournament averaging 170.
Shubman blasted 102 from 94 balls to bat Pakistan out in the semi-final and add to their scores of 63, 90 not out and 86.
In the bowling department, fast bowlers Shivam Mavi, Kamlesh Nagarkoti and Ishan Porel will have their work cut out against a strong Australian batting line-up.
Abhishek Sharma is another important player in the squad and they will, along with other spinners, look to aggravate Australian batsmen's weaknesses against spin.
Abhishek is also a hard-hitting lower middle order batsman, who can score some quick runs at the end of the innings.
On the other hand, Australia can boast of leg-spinner Lloyd Pope, who took 8/35 -- the best U19 World Cup figures of all time -- to hand the team a brilliant win over England en-route the semi-finals.
Australia's batting will revolve around the likes of skipper Jason Sangha, Jack Edwards and Nathan McSweeney.
India previously won the Cup in 2000, 2008 (under Virat Kohli, now the captain of the senior team) and 2012.
Squads:
Australia: Jason Sangha (Captain), Will Sutherland, Xavier Bartlett, Max Bryant, Jack Edwards, Zak Evans, Jarrod Freeman, Ryan Hadley, Baxter Holt, Nathan McSweeney, Jonathan Merlo, Lloyd Pope, Jason Ralston, Param Uppal, Austin Waugh.
India: Prithvi Shaw (Captain), Shubman Gill, Aryan Juyal, Abhishek Sharma, Arshdeep Singh, Harvik Desai, Manjot Kalra, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Pankaj Yadav, Riyan Parag, Ishan Porel, Himanshu Rana, Anukul Roy, Shivam Mavi, Shiva Singh.
The Los Angeles Chargers will take on the Seattle Seahawks in their first game at the Carson, Calif. based StubHub Center Sunday night, and how the team will perform remains a mystery for most.
The Bolts have seen both of their top two draft picks from the 2017 class suffer serious injuries. No. 7 overall selection wide receiver Mike Williams suffered two herniated discs in their back and second round pick, offensive guard, Forrest Lamp, tore their ACL this offseason.
As such, the coaching staff is sure to run out as many young offensive linemen onto the field to see what they can put on tape for evaluation. That isn't really conducive to playing winning football, and the Chargers are sure to do the same on defense after selecting many young defensive backs in April.
Meanwhile, the Seahawks are likely to play their starters just one as well. Meaning the game will quickly be reduced to fringe roster players looking to flash on tape, as all preseason Week 1 matchups do.
With neither team looking to do much besides evaluating their young players, the team who has proven to be deeper and healthier in recent years will likely eke out the victory here.
Chargers: 17, Seahawks: 21
Unleash Asensio, sign Mbappe – five options for Zidane during Ronaldo's Real Madrid ban
We look at five ways Zinedine Zidane can set up Real Madrid during Cristiano Ronaldo's five-match suspension.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 23:39 IST
Real Madrid forward Marco Asensio
Cristiano Ronaldo may have helped Real Madrid seize control of the Supercopa de Espana, but he's left them facing a sizeable quandary.
The 32-year-old produced one of the most eventful substitute appearances El Clasico has ever seen on Sunday, scoring a stunning second goal for their side, earning yellow cards for removing their shirt and diving and then pushing the referee, all in the space of a little over two minutes.
Ronaldo's loss of temper has earned them a five-game ban from the Royal Spanish Football Federation, which means that, barring a successful appeal, they will not play again for Madrid in domestic competition until the LaLiga match with Real Betis on September 19.
Losing your club's record goalscorer is a daunting prospect for any head coach, but Zinedine Zidane demonstrated just how well their Madrid can perform without Ronaldo during the forward's rest days last season.
However, with their attacking options lighter than last term and with the transfer window still open, what should Zidane do to ensure Ronaldo's absence does not strike a major blow to their title defence? We assess five possible choices for the Frenchman...
UNLEASH MARCO ASENSIO
With Ronaldo having scored a wondergoal, stripped off and been sent off in a frantic couple of minutes, it's easy to forget that Marco Asensio put the tie firmly in Madrid's control with a spectacular strike of their own.
It was another special moment for the 21-year-old, who boasts the remarkable distinction of having scored on their Madrid debuts in the Supercopa, the Copa del Rey, the UEFA Super Cup, the Champions League and LaLiga.
Asensio regularly claimed the spot on the left-hand side of the attack when Ronaldo was rested last year and helped Madrid to some of their most convincing wins of the campaign, including the 6-2 thrashing of Deportivo La Coruna, the 3-0 win at Real Sociedad and the 4-0 cruise at Granada.
Consistent starts have been hard to come by for the former Real Mallorca youngster but they have undoubtedly earned their chance at a sustained run in the team. Their performances this year suggest they would not let Zidane down.
5 - Marco Asensio has scored on their La Liga, Copa del Rey, #UCL , UEFA Super Cup and Supercopa debut for Real Madrid. Magic. pic.twitter.com/S58DCoNiJs — OptaJose (@OptaJose) August 13, 2017
TAKE THE PLUNGE IN THE TRANSFER MARKET
It's been a strangely prudent transfer window from Madrid so far, with young talent like Dani Ceballos and Theo Hernandez brought in as fringe players including Alvaro Morata, Danilo and James Rodriguez have been moved on for healthy sums or on convenient loans.
Of course, the rumour mill hasn't exactly been quiet. Talk of a €180million deal for Kylian Mbappe to celebrate Florentino Perez's re-election as president has simmered for some time, while Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele has also been heavily linked.
While Madrid still have the strength in depth to cope without Ronaldo, an injury or suspension to Gareth Bale or Karim Benzema would suddenly leave them looking light on options. As such, now could be the ideal time to sign an attacking star who could shoulder the goalscoring burden for the short term and, perhaps, replace Ronaldo as Bernabeu kingpin in the coming seasons.
BUILD THE TEAM AROUND BALE (FINALLY)
Ever since their €100m move from Tottenham in 2013, Gareth Bale has played second fiddle to Ronaldo, especially in the eyes of the supporters.
The 28-year-old has enjoyed tremendous success when it comes to trophies but they have suffered more than most when it comes to injury problems and the tactical whim of the coaches when they have tinkered with the attacking system.
However, Ronaldo's absence from pre-season and their restriction to brief cameos in the UEFA Super Cup and Supercopa meetings with Manchester United and Barcelona have given Bale the chance they crave: playing in a more liberated central role alongside Benzema, they have been granted the kind of licence to impress that they have had with Wales for some time.
They failed to score against United or Barça but it is surely a matter of time until they open their account for the season. With the confidence of having the team built around him, they could enjoy their most productive start to a season yet.
Super Cup x 3 pic.twitter.com/hbasQtMo7r — Gareth Bale (@GarethBale11) August 8, 2017
TURN TO THE CASTILLA
One surprising feature of Zidane's squads for the United and Barcelona matches was the absence of Borja Mayoral, named MVP in the pre-season clash with the MLS All-Stars.
The 20-year-old is considered one of the brightest talents to emerge through the Madrid ranks for some time, and their return from a loan with Wolfsburg, coupled with Alvaro Morata's move to Chelsea, has opened the door to a first-team spot.
Ronaldo's ban represents the perfect opportunity for the striker, who can operate in a wide role but is more suited to a central position and would work well alongside or in place of Benzema in the team.
Mayoral is not the only option from the youth ranks, either. Oscar Rodriguez, captain of Guti's Juvenil A side, signed a new contract in June and was involved in the pre-season tour of the United States, and the 19-year-old is primed to break into the first team.
Fin al #RMTour feliz por el gol y con las sensaciones que they tenido. Nuestra mente ya está en la #UEFASuperCup. A por el primer título! pic.twitter.com/zQ4TFEUl51 — Borja Mayoral (@Mayoral_Borja) August 3, 2017
TRUST IN ISCO AND THE DIAMOND SYSTEM
Using a 4-4-2 diamond with Ronaldo in the team was effective last season – just look at the 3-0 win over Atletico Madrid – but the beauty of the system is that it allows Madrid to cope well without their talismanic forward.
At the heart of the formation's success has been the resurgence of Isco. Once considered likely to leave after a couple of frustrating years in the capital, the 25-year-old is fast becoming irreplaceable for Zidane and is reportedly set to sign a new contract that contains a €700m release clause.
Isco's creativity behind the movement of a front two has proved devastating, not least in the Super Cup win over United, in which they scored their side's second goal. Their performances this year could give Zidane enough confidence to ignore any thoughts of a panic buy or hasty reshuffle over the next five matches, and instead keep faith with the man they call 'magic'.
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"You what?"
That, in a nutshell, is how most football fans have reacted to the news that Harry Redknapp is the new Birmingham City boss.
Redknapp - who is now 70 years old (SEVENTY!) - has been brought in to replace Gianfranco Zola and take charge of The Blues for the last three games of their season. With their club just three points above the drop zone, the Birmingham owners are hoping Redknapp can keep their side in the Championship.
They may well do just that. However, Birmingham's survival prospects are not the main consideration of most online football supporters right now. The general response to Redknapp's appointment has been more about…
Stunned disbelief
General hilarity
Speculation over their inevitable transfer targets
Reference to some of 'Arry's most (in)famous moments
And, thankfully, a healthy dose of confusion and weirdness
Ronnie Polaneczky, a journalist for 30 years, is a Metro columnist at the Daily News, where they have won numerous journalism awards for listening to the city they love and telling its stories in ways that get to the heart of who we are.  They are the 2015 winner of the Eugene C. Pulliam Journalism Fellowship for their coverage of elderly parents who are still responsible for the care of their intellectually disabled, aging children. You can watch them TEDxPhiladelphia Talk, "The Power of Deliberate Listening," at: https://youtu.be/A343tlP5iUA
On Tuesday, as 175,000-plus Starbucks employees were undergoing anti-racial-bias training at 8,000 Starbucks stores across America, two of the company's bigwigs met with journalists at the Inquirer and Daily News to tell us about the endeavor.
I was one of them, and by the end on the interview, I had the strangest thought:
If handled right, the Starbucks debacle has the potential to do for America what Barack Obama's Beer Summit never could: bring people of all ethnicities together to figure out how to talk to each other.
Not at each other. Not over each other's shouts. Not from a place of high-and-mighty moral authority or down-and-dirty self-righteousness.
And certainly not in any place as rarified as the White House Rose Garden, where in 2009 Obama convened that “Beer Summit” with black Yale professor Louis Gates and white Cambridge police officer James Crowley.
Two weeks earlier, you may recall, Gates had returned home from a trip abroad to find their front door jammed. They and their taxi driver forced the door open. A few minutes later, Crowley was on the scene. A neighbor had reported a possible break-in at Gates' home, not knowing that Gates was the owner forcing the door.
A confrontation ensued, Gates was charged with disorderly conduct and the incident went viral as yet another example of fraught relations between police and minorities.
That's when Obama invited both men to the White House for a chat over beer about race, class, respect and police authority. Gates and Crowley later said the meeting – dubbed the Beer Summit – was a genial and positive exchange.
But the sit-down was a lost opportunity for the public.
Yes, we saw a couple of photos of the get-together, but we weren't privy to what was said. We didn't get to hear Gates and Crowley, now with cool heads, speak calmly, vulnerably and thoughtfully about the day of the arrest. Nor did we get chance to crawl inside both men's heads and hear what it is like simply to be them.
Then again, this was a private meeting and the Rose Garden is not a “third place.” The term refers to a place, aside from home and work, where one feels a warm, welcoming sense of belonging. Churches, cafes, libraries, parks, barber shops, corner stores and salons, for example, can be considered third places.
In their interview on Tuesday, Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson and COO Rosalind Brewer repeatedly stressed that Starbucks was founded to be a “third place,” which is why what happened inside a Philly Starbucks in April was so painful.
And that's why Starbucks' response could bring about a sea change that the equally infamous Beer Summit never could.
First of all, Starbucks' reaction to the arrest (and quick release) of Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson was perfect. They immediately denounced the employee's action and soon announced massive, company-wide training to help employees learn about racial bias.
The fact that they closed 8,000 of their stores to do so (at a company cost of “tens of millions of dollars”) is what has me feeling so intrigued.
What might be the impact on America if 175,000 men and women employed in 8,000 Starbucks bring their new understanding of bias to their interactions with the public? How might that trickle down to the millions of people who interact with staff on a daily basis? How might that spread into the bigger world?
Call me a cock-eyed optimist but there is nothing cock-eyed about wanting to optimize a big moment to its best outcome. And I think this moment has legs.
Starbucks has just posted online the full curriculum of its anti-bias training, for free use by anyone moved to have honest, respectful and compassionate conversations with those of different races.
I can easily envision the curriculum being shared inside all the “third places” where Americans generally feel welcome regardless of all the things that can so easily keep us apart – race, class, gender. (Reading Market is one of my favorite third places.)
For years now, people have called for “a conversation about race,” often following violence or injustice. Then there's silence. Maybe this further conversation never happens because there is never a formal outline for how to have it.
One where we'd talk. Others would listen. Then others would talk. And we'd listen. All of it unmitigated by bite-size Twitter quips, one-sided Facebook monologues or prettied-up Instagram posts.
And then we'd move beyond race, because our biases go way beyond skin color. We routinely pigeonhole the elderly and people with disabilities, millenials and smokers, middle-aged white guys and brand-new immigrants. The list goes on and on.
Only when the ignorance hits the fan do we find out how biased we are (Roseanne, are you listening?).
That means all of us, says Alexis McGill Johnson, co-founder of the Perception Institute, a nonprofit think tank that works to reduce bias and discrimination and to promote belonging. The institute helped create Tuesday's Starbucks training.
Polls show that 89 percent of Americans believe themselves to be fair and honest, says McGill Johnson, yet we continue to get caught in situations where our actions are out of sync with they value we're so proud of.
That's because there are two kinds of bias – explicit, which we're conscious of; and implicit, which we're not.
“Just learning about bias is not enough,” they say. “We've got to become aware of what we're not aware of.”
Such an exercise is too long to undertake in a newspaper column. But it's not too long to be undertaken in a welcoming third place, using thoughtful curriculum created by people who've thought deeply about this.
I'd like to get to the bottom of my own biases, using the Starbucks curriculum. Want to join me? I'm scheduling a session with two dozen readers, to spend a few hours testing the Starbucks curriculum. It will be here at 801 Market st. on June 19. Email me at polaner@phillynews.com and tell me why you want to join.
Let's seize a moment to strengthen a movement. I can't promise I'll serve beer. But the cups of coffee will be bottomless … though they won't necessarily be Starbucks.
GENEVA/TRIPOLI: An estimated 90 migrants are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya after a smuggler's boat capsized early on Friday, leaving three known survivors and 10 bodies washed up on shore, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said.
Survivors told aid workers that most of the migrants on board were Pakistanis, who form a growing group heading to Italy from North Africa, IOM spokesperson Olivia Headon said.
“They have given an estimate of 90 people who drowned during to capsize, but we still need to verify the exact number of people who lost their lives during the tragedy,” Headon, speaking from Tunis, told a Geneva news briefing.
“What has been reported to us is that it's mostly Pakistanis who were on board the boat, but we still need to verify the nationalities and how many from what country,” they said.
Ten bodies have washed up on Libyan shores, two of them known to be Libyans and eight Pakistanis, they said.
“I believe the Libyan coastguard is looking for other survivors off the coast,” Headon added.
Another IOM spokesperson, Leonard Doyle, told Reuters Television that the boat was believed to have left shore on Thursday before capsizing early on Friday morning.
LIBYA CLAMPS DOWN
Earlier security officials in the western Libyan town of Zuwara said two Libyans and one Pakistani had been rescued from the boat. They said 10 bodies had been recovered, mostly Pakistani, but gave no further information.
Zuwara, located near Libya's border with Tunisia, was a favored site for migrant boat departures over the past two years but of late has seen only occasional departures. A statement from the Zuwara coastguard said their initial information suggested there were some 90 people on board.
Libya is the main gateway for migrants trying to cross to Europe by sea, though numbers have dropped sharply since July as Libyan factions and authorities – under pressure from Italy and the European Union – have begun to block departures.
More than 600,000 people are believed to have made the journey from Libya to Italy over the past four years.
Prior to Friday's incident, some 6,624 migrants are believed to have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year and a further 246 have died, according to IOM figures.
The Libyan coastguard, which receives EU funding and training, has become more assertive in recent months in intercepting migrants and bringing them back to Libya.
Activists have criticized the policy, saying migrants often face extreme hardship and abuse in Libya, including forced labor, according to Human Rights Watch and other rights groups.
Migrants who are caught trying to cross to Italy are put in severely overcrowded detention centers authorized by the interior ministry.—Reuters
loading...
Photos by Lórien MacEnulty
BY LÓRIEN MACENULTY
Griff seemed euphoric that a member of the Times-Delphic was at their house for an interview. They pranced vivaciously around their house, a mutilated, stuffed elephant between their jaws suffering the expression of the bulldog's enthusiasm.
Just as they do to the elephant, Griff enthusiastically vessels the Drake University brand. Unlike the elephant, Drake's brand thrives off Griff's attention and sponsorship. That's why the English bulldog of brindle and white coat is such a marketing success.
“As a mascot … [Griff] has done incredible things to personify Drake and what we believe in,” said Natalie Adkins, professor of marketing at Drake.
Griff is an extrovert with a busy schedule.  They are a brother to rescue dogs Lottie and Magoo, who was the best friend of the late live mascot, Porterhouse. He's a therapy dog that visits a special education class at Delaware Elementary every month. They have a Twitter account with over 4,000 followers, gets overwhelmingly excited about meal time and awkwardly ambushes leaves blowing on the ground.
Many of these traits exemplify a concept called anthropomorphization: the process of ascribing human characteristics to non-human entities. Adkins said it is a successful technique employed through live mascot programs at universities. Just like humans, Griff wears shirts and ties, maintains social media accounts and donates to charity. They “speaks,” and people treat them like a celebrity.
Griff is even named after a human. The 1908 football coach John L. Griffith inspired Drake to adopt the bulldog mascot in the first place. Griffith often brought their two English bulldogs­—“playful pups whose ancestries were among the ritziest in dogdom,” according to a 1951 letter saved in the Cowles Library Archives—to practices and games.
“Yes, we ascribe human characteristics to him,” Adkins said. “We anthropomorphize all the time. We like to think that they recognize us. We like to think that when we read the tweets that Erin [Griff's owner] so craftily puts out, that we could hear the dog as if he's actually talking.”
Drake is not the only university to take advantage of anthropomorphization. The Butler University bulldog delivers acceptance letters to prospective students and flaunts over 30,800 Twitter followers. The University of Colorado in Boulder owns a bison that runs across the football field before games to intimidate the opposition. Baylor University has three bears.
By contrast, the English bulldog may seem like a fragile choice for a mascot. They're smaller and less athletic than American bulldogs and suffer a range of breathing problems, the result of an inbred, smashed snout. Griff's caretaker and live mascot director Erin Bell said that English bulldogs are prone to other hygiene issues. Bell has to clean Griff's nose rope (the fold above their nose) and tightly-kinked tail to avoid bacterial infection and skin irritation.
Despite their fragility, the bulldog is surprisingly common among university mascots. This begs the question: can we truly consider our wrinkled Griff unique?
Bell finds what Griff brings to Drake is rare.
“Bulldogs are stubborn,” Bell said. “They're determined. Once [Griff's] got their mind set on something, it's impossible to talk them out of it. But at the same time, they're approachable, they're lovable, they're cute in their own unique way. They're gentle. I mean, we've got two human toddlers here in our house, and he's just perfect with them. They're a really unique animal.”
The live mascot program at Drake hasn't always been so easy-going. In 1948, Drake's own Butch II, a troublemaker of a bulldog, was put down after attacking and hospitalizing a 6-year-old girl near campus. Paula Jo Robinson, as they were called, suffered severe wounds to the right eye, forehad, scalp, right leg and arms but no rabies since Butch II was deemed not rabid. The resulting liability forced Drake to discontinue its live mascot program.
The University hosted an array of bulldogs in the past decade, including Old Spike, New Spike and Porterhouse—another Bell bulldog. Drake recommissioned the live mascot program in 2015 with Griff, a process that the Animal Rescue League of Iowa (ARL) partially facilitated.
“Our stance, with any animal, is that the animal needs to always be the first consideration,” said Stephanie Filer, ARL Manager of Special Gifts & Partnerships. “Their welfare needs to be a consideration and equally, public safety needs to be a consideration. As long as the animal's needs are being met, that they enjoy the job they are being asked to perform, and that they're given adequate time to rest … and really that it's something that they enjoy, then it can be a program that's great for the dog.”
Filer said that having only one owner offers Griff the stability to perform their mascot duties, which are quite demanding at times. Bell makes sure Griff's needs are fulfilled before those of the University are even entertained.
“I love how Drake uses their face,” Bell said. “I'm all for sharing them far and wide, and using their face and stuff. But I am also very protective of him, so if I ever felt like that was being infringed upon, I would definitely speak up. Their happiness and their health and their well-being is always my priority, even if that disappoints other people.”
“During the year, the Hospitality industry across the UAE remained under pressure and the hotels in Abu Dhabi dropped in both RevPAR (Revenue per Room), ADR (Average Daily Room rate) and occupancy level in comparison to 2015,” it said.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. (AP) — A 6-foot-long boa constrictor reported loose in Binghamton, New York, has been found — beneath the owner's kitchen sink.
A Facebook post by the Broome County Humane Society on behalf of the owner said the pet snake escaped its enclosure earlier this week and was last seen near the high school. The county office of emergency services issued a statement Tuesday saying people should “exercise caution and keep small children and small animals away” if they came across the snake.
But on Wednesday morning, the reptile's owner told local media that Bella the boa had apparently never left their apartment building and was found safe in their kitchen.
Red-tailed boa constrictors eat small mammals, killing their prey by squeezing them to death. They're typically docile as pets.
Report: Bowen hears from NCAA, staying in NBA Draft
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) – According to ESPN's Jeff Goodman, South Carolina forward Brian Bowen will stay in the NBA Draft pool and turn pro, after hearing from the NCAA that they would have to sit out the entire 2018-19 season at a minimum.
Bowen has until 11:59 p.m. Wednesday night to remove their name from the Draft where they would still be allowed to return to the Gamecocks program.
South Carolina forward and former Louisville signee Brian Bowen is expected to remain in the NBA Draft after being informed by the NCAA that they will have to sit next season (at a minimum), source told ESPN. Final ruling hasn't even been made by NCAA, and could miss even more time — Jeff Goodman (@GoodmanESPN) May 30, 2018
The circus around the former McDonald's All-American's eligibility stems back from when they committed to the University of Louisville out of high school. An investigation by the FBI discovered that Bowen's family was allegedly paid $100,000 in turn for them choosing to play college ball for the Cardinals. The money was reportedly accepted by Bowen's father, and Brian has denied any knowledge of the transaction throughout the situation.
Bowen transferred to USC in January, enrolling before the start of spring semester, but had yet to receive any update on their future standing with the NCAA since they were first deemed ineligible back at Louisville as of this week.
In a statement released by the University of South Carolina Athletics department late Wednesday afternoon, Bowen announced their intentions to stay in the NBA Draft, while sharing their disappointment in not having a path towards playing college ball.
“I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling,” Bowen said. “All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball, however, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career. I'm grateful to the University of South Carolina and Frank Martin for believing in me and giving me the opportunity to be a Gamecock.”
“I appreciate the hard work of our staff who worked on behalf of Brian on their eligibility status,” South Carolina Athletics Director Ray Tanner said. “Brian is a hard-working, bright and determined young man who saw themselves as a teammate, even though they couldn't play on game day. We look forward to supporting them in the next steps of their career.”
“I enjoyed having Brian as part of our program and they will always be part of our family,” South Carolina head coach Frank Martin said. “He is an outstanding person, who took their academic studies seriously and wants to earn their college degree. Brian dreamt of playing college basketball and selflessly contributed to helping their team get better each day while they were here. Participating in college basketball gives young people a tremendous opportunity to learn and grow while enjoying the surroundings being part of a University. I wish Brian had this opportunity. We will continue to support Brian and do everything we can to help them reach their goals. Brian is a proud Gamecock and will be one forever. I hope nothing but the best for them in the future.”
Dell's started selling a pair of “mobile workstations” with specs that wouldn't disgrace low-end servers.
Both the Precision 7530 and Precision 7730 can run a six-core Xeon E-2176M at 2.70GHz and can ship with up to 64GB of RAM (but can handle 128GB if Dell gets around to shipping 32GB DIMMs for the four-slot beasts).
The 7530 can pack three NVMe SSDs or two SSDs and one hard drive. The 7730 goes one better (four SSDs, or three plus one HDD). RAID 0, 1 and 5 are available on both. Factory configurations allow 2TB spinning rust inside, or NVMe PCIe solid state disks for those who value speed over capacity.
You can slip Radeon or NVIDIA GPUs inside too.
Prices start at non-terrifying levels: the 7530 starts at US$1,199 and the 7730 at $1,479.00. Once you ratchet the RAM, add disks and GPU you'll struggle to stay under $3,000, but that's not vastly more than the base price for a quad-core MacBook Pro that lacks RAID, has only one disk and boasts a CPU a generation behind the Dells.
The MacBook Pro does match the 7530 for screen size, but the 7730 is a 17-incher.
Dell's new beasts can't quite match portable workstation specialist Eurocom's efforts, which are so weighty they've sometimes classed their batteries as uninterruptible power supplies!
The new Precisions instead make a virtue of being 14 and 15 per cent lighter respectively, compared to their predecessors. Dell's also tossed in smaller AC adapters to make them more portable. Although at 2.6kg and 3.17kg their presence will be felt. Dell expects them to attract developers delving into virtual and/or augmented reality. The Register imagines plenty will also find their way into the hands of roving engineers who will doubtless be comforted by ruggedisastion to the MIL-STD 810G spec. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Damsels and dragons Connecticut River Valley Sanctuaries at Arcadia Wildlife Sanctuary, 127 Combs Road in Easthampton presents, "Damsels and Dragons," on Saturday, June 9 from 2 to 4 p.m. Explore the world of dragonflies and damselflies, jewels of the insect world. Learn tips on how to identify the common species in our area and go for a walk to find them. Long pants are recommended for tick prevention. Registration is required, call 413-584-3009. Cost is for members, $8 adults and children; nonmembers, $10 adults and children. This program is suitable for children ages 8-18.
Indian Orchard Minecraft Club Join in for Minecraft at the Indian Orchard Branch, 44 Oak St., where you will mine, craft and trade Minecraft tips. Meets every Saturday afternoon from noon to 2:30 p.m. Space is limited to 8 participants so come early. For ages 8 and up. for more information contact Meg Galbreath, 413-263-6846 or email mgalbreath@springfieldlibrary.org.
Pop-Up Play Day The Berkshire Museum presents, "Pop-Up Play Day," on Saturday, June 9, from 10 a.m. to noon. Children can build and rebuild with the big, blue blocks of Imagination Playground, the innovative play equipment that encourages creativity and collaboration, and colorful Bilderhoos architectural building components. Included with regular museum admission, $13 adults, $6 children under 18, museum members and children 3 and under are free. The museum is located at 39 South St. in Pittsfield.
Storytime and activities Barnes & Noble, in Holyoke presents "Storytime and Activities featuring "Incredibles 2: Sweet Dreams, Jack-Jack," on Saturday, June 9 at 11 a.m. The Incredibles are back, navigating the heroics of everyday life when a new villain hatches a brilliant and dangerous plant that only "The Incredibles" can overcome together. Activities to follow. The program is free.
Puerto Rico's 'Singing Newspapers' Tell A Story Of Resilience
Enlarge this image toggle caption Angel Valentin for NPR Angel Valentin for NPR
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
toggle caption Angel Valentin for NPR
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
toggle caption Angel Valentin for NPR
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
REECE THOMPSON sent their former club back to the bottom of the table after scoring the only goal as North Ferriby secured maximum points at York City.
Ferriby had propped up the table after being defeated by the Minstermen on Boxing Day, but Thompson's 28th-minute winner led to Gary Mills's men occupying the same position they had prior to Christmas.
The hard-working visitors had threatened early on when Danny Emerton curled narrowly wide from the edge of the box after home midfielder Danny Holmes had given the ball away.
York, meanwhile, went close when former Norwich midfielder Simon Lappin curled a free-kick against the outside of Rory Watson's left-hand post.
But it was Steve Housham's men who forged in front with only their sixth National League goal on the road all season.
Thompson kept their cool after being played clear through by Emerton, rounding home goalkeeper Kyle Letheren before finding the empty goal from a narrow angle.
After the break, Rhys Murphy wasted a great chance of an equaliser when they missed the target from 12 yards after being played in by half-time substitute Alex Whittle.
Murphy also headed in on 65 minutes, but the ball was adjudged to have crept out of play prior to Callum Rzonca's cross from the right.
York City: Letheren; Rooney, Klukowski, Racine; Heslop, Lapin, Holmes (Rzonca, 56), Moke (Whittle, 46), Newton; Parkin, Murphy. Unused substitutes: Fry, Woodland, McDaid.
North Ferriby: Watson; Middleton, Gray, Oliver; Topliss, Sutton, Fallowfield, Emerton, Hare; Wootton, Thompson (Kendall, 78). Unused substitutes: Bateson, Stamp, Skelton, Fosu-Mensah.
Referee: Martin Coy.
The trickle-down effect of U.S. Rep. Joe Barton's decision amid a sex scandal to not seek another term has led to an interesting race — for Tarrant County tax assessor-collector.
That office opened up earlier this month when its former occupant, Ron Wright, resigned to run for the 6th Congressional District in the hopes of replacing Barton, R-Ennis, in Congress in 2019.
Four Republicans are now vying to become the next tax assessor-collector: former NBC 5 anchor Mike Snyder, former Keller councilman Rick Barnes, former Mansfield councilwoman Wendy Burgess and Trasa Robertson Cobern, a Hurst councilwoman and the daughter of “Uncle Si” Robertson on the popular reality show “Duck Dynasty.”
Snyder, Cobern and Barnes filed Monday, the deadline for candidates to be listed on the March 6 primary ballot.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“When this position opened up, I felt like it was an opportunity to make a difference on a larger scale,” Cobern said, adding that they want to have a “strong voice” in finding a solution “to our ever-increasing property tax.”
Snyder, who left NBC 5 after 30 years in 2010, said they have long thought about running for a political office. “I'm a firm believer that to whom much is given, much is expected,” they said, adding that if he's elected, he'd like to continue work begun by Wright. “It's time.”
Burgess, who served six years on the Mansfield City Council, said if elected, “I promise to lead this important office with a commitment to accuracy, transparency and integrity.”  They are married to Tarrant County Constable Clint Burgess.
As for Barnes, they withdrew a previous bid to run for Tarrant County Republican chair. While seriously considering running for tax assessor-collector, they said, they “reached out to a number of supporters and looked for advice.” Then, late Monday, they “made the commitment.”
The winner of the GOP primary will face Democrat Ollie Anderson in November.
This is just one of the several primary battles that finally shaped up Monday.
“There is a great deal of fluidity in Texas politics at the moment,” said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political science professor at the University of Houston. “No one is quite sure what political base will show up at election time, but every candidate thinks they can energize it.
“For Republicans, they don't know if the Trump coalition will come back. For Democrats, they don't know if the Sanders coalition will come back. This has encouraged candidates of all stripes to run.”
Some familiar names will be back on the ballot:
▪ Former Texas Criminal Court of Appeals Judge Larry Meyers of Fort Worth has filed to challenge Republican incumbent Glen Whitley for the post of Tarrant County judge.
▪ Former state District Judge Maryellen Hicks has filed to run for judge of the 322nd District Court.
▪ And statewide, former Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson filed to reclaim their former post, now held by George P. Bush, a former Fort Worth resident who is nephew to one president and grandson to another.
“We will have a very interesting primary,” said Jim Riddlesperger, a political science professor at Texas Christian University.
Political observers note that a larger-than-average number of Democrats who filed for spots on the ballot in Tarrant County, one of the nation's reddest areas.
“The political climate has been churned up dramatically in many directions from top to bottom,” said Allan Saxe, an associate political science professor at the University of Texas at Arlington. “With the political landscape so much in turmoil, it is not too surprising to see all challengers.”
Here's a look at races that will be on the Tarrant County ballot, according to lists that may not be complete but were posted on the websites of the Texas secretary of state and state and local Republican and Democratic parties.
Congress
Senate: Republicans: Ted Cruz (i), Bruce Jacobson Jr., Geraldine Sam, Mary Miller; Democrats: U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke, Edward Kimbrough.
Congressional District 6: Joe Barton, R-Ennis, came under fire for a nude photo and private messages with sexual overtones they exchanged with a female constituent and announced they wouldn't seek re-election. Here are the candidates who have since filed to run for the post: Republicans: J.K. “Jake” Elzey, Deborah Gagliardi, Ron Wright, Mark Mitchell, Troy Ratterree, Mel Hassell, Craig Walker, Shawn Dandridge, Kevin Harrison, Adrian Mizher, Ken Cope; Democrats: Ruby Faye Woolridge, Jana Lynne Sanchez, Levii R. Shocklee, John W. Duncan, Justin Snider.
Congressional District 12: Republican: Kay Granger (i); Democrat: Vanessa Adia.
Congressional District 24: Republican: Kenny Marchant (i); Democrats: John Biggan, Edward “Todd” Allen, Jan McDowell.
Congressional District 25: Republican: Roger Williams (i); Democrats: Julie Oliver, West Hansen, Kathi Thomas, Chetan Panda, Chris Perri.
Congressional District 26: Republicans: Michael Burgess (i), Veronica Birkenstock; Democrats: Linsey Fagan, Will Fisher.
Congressional District 33: Democrat: Marc Veasey (i); Republican: Willie Billups.
Statewide offices
Governor: Republicans: Greg Abbott (i), SECEDE Kilgore; Democrats: Andrew White, Lupe Valdez, Grady Yarbrough, Adrian Ocegueda, Tom Wakely, Cedric Davis Sr., Joe Mumbach, Jeffrey Payne, James Jolly Clark, Demetria Smith; Libertarian: Kathie Glass.
Lieutenant governor: Republicans: Dan Patrick (i), Scott Midler; Democrats: Michael Cooper, Mike Collier.
Comptroller: Republican Glenn Hegar (i); Democrats: Tim Mahoney, Joi Chevalier.
Attorney general: Republican: Ken Paxton (i); Democrat: Justin Nelson.
Agriculture commissioner: Republicans: Sid Miller (i), Trey Blocker, Jim Hogan; Democrat: Kim Olson.
Land commissioner: Republicans: George P. Bush (i), Jerry Patterson, Rick Range, Davey Edwards; Democrat: Miguel Suazo, Tex Morgan.
Railroad Commission: Republicans: Christi Craddick (i), Weston Martinez; Democrat: Roman McAllen.
Supreme Court, Place 2: Republican: Jimmy Blacklock; Democrat: Steven Kirkland.
Supreme Court, Place 4: Republican: John Devine (i); Democrat: R.K. Sandill.
Supreme Court, Place 6: Republican: Jeff Brown (i); Democrat: Kathy Cheng.
Court of Criminal Appeals, Place 1: Republicans: Sharon Keller (i), David Bridges; Democrat: Maria T. (Terri) Jackson.
Court of Criminal Appeals, Place 7: Republican: Barbara Hervey (i); Democrat: Ramona Franklin.
Court of Criminal Appeals, Place 8: Republicans: Jay Brandon, Michelle Slaughter, Dib Waldrip.
Legislature
Senate District 9: Republican: Kelly Hancock (i); Democrat: Gwenn Burud.
Senate District 10: Republican: Konni Burton (i); Democrats: Beverly Powell, Allison Campolo.
House District 91: Republican: Stephanie Klick (i); Democrat: Jeromey Sims.
House District 92: Republican: Jonathan Stickland (i); Democrat: Steve Riddell.
House District 93: Republican: Matt Krause (i); Democrats: Nancy Bean, Nisha Matthews.
House District 94: Republican: Tony Tinderholt (i); Democrat: Finnigan Jones.
House District 95: Democrat: Nicole Collier (i)
House District 96: Republican: Bill Zedler (i); Democrat: Ryan E. Ray.
House District 97: Republican: Craig Goldman (i); Democrat: Beth Llewellyn McLaughlin.
House District 98: Republicans: Giovanni Capriglione (i), Armin Mizani; Democrat: Mica J. Ringo.
House District 99: Republicans: Charlie Geren (i), Bo French; Democrat: Michael Stackhouse.
House District 101: Democrat: Chris Turner (i)
Other races
Texas Board of Education District 11: Republicans: Patricia “Pat” Hardy (i), Feyi Obamehinti; Democrats: Carla Morton, Celeste Light.
Texas Board of Education District 13: Republican: A. Denise Russell; Democrat: Aicha Davis.
Local
Tarrant County judge: Republican: Glen Whitley (i); Democrat Lawrence “Larry” Meyers.
Tarrant County Commissioners Court: Republicans: Andy Nguyen (i), Precinct 2; J.D. Johnson (i), Precinct 4; Democrats: Devan Allen, Precinct 2; Syed Hassan, Precinct 2.
Tarrant County district attorney: Republican: Sharen Wilson (i); Democrat: Albert Roberts.
Tarrant County district clerk: Republicans: Tom Wilder (i), Frank Palomino; Democrat: John Derewitz.
Tarrant County clerk: Republican: Mary Louise Garcia (i); Democrat: Karroll W. Parker.
Tarrant County tax assessor-collector: Republicans: Wendy Burgess, Trasa Robertson Cobern, Mike Snyder, Rick Barnes; Democrat: Ollie Anderson.
Tarrant County Republican Party chair: Darl Easton
Judicial
2nd Court of Appeals, chief justice: Republican: Bonnie Sudderth (i)
2nd Court of Appeals, Place 4: Republican: Wade Birdwell (i)
2nd Court of Appeals, Place 5: Republican: Dabney Bassel
2nd Court of Appeals, Place 6: Republican: Mark Pittman (i)
Justice of the peace, Precinct 1: Republican: Ralph Swearingin (i)
Justice of the peace, Precinct 2: Republican: Mary Tom Cravens Curnutt (i); Democrat: Ernesto Gloria.
Justice of the peace, Precinct 3: Republicans: Bill Brandt, Russ Casey (i).
Justice of the peace, Precinct 4: Republicans: Toni Rhodes Glover, Charity Deville, Jacquelyn Wright (i), Christopher Gregory, Courtney McBride; Democrat: Roger Metcalf.
Justice of the peace, Precinct 5: Democrats: Sergio De Leon (i), Steve Thornton.
Justice of the peace, Precinct 6: Republicans: Chris Garcia, Gary Ritchie (i), Jason Charbonnet; Democrat: Deborah Hall.
Justice of the peace, Precinct 7: Republican: Matt Hayes (i); Democrats: Dustin Ray Webb, Frieda Porter, Kenneth Sanders.
Justice of the peace, Precinct 8: Democrats: Lisa R. Woodard (i), Malinda Miller, Don A. Middlebrooks Sr.
Criminal District Court No. 1: Republican: Elizabeth Beach (i)
Criminal District Court No. 3: Republican: Robb Catalano (i)
Criminal District Court No. 4: Republican: Mike Thomas (i)
141st District Court: Republican: John P. Chupp (i)
231st District Court: Republican: Jesse Nevarez (i)
233rd District Court: Republicans: Kenneth E. Newell, Lori DeAngelis Griffith.
236th District Court: Republican: Tom Lowe (i)
297th District Court: Republican: David Hagerman (i)
322nd District Court: Republicans: James B. Munford, Jennifer Moore; Democrat: Maryellen Hicks.
323rd District Court: Republicans: Riley Shaw, Alex Kim; Democrat: James C. Teel
324th District Court: Republican: Jerry Hennigan (i)
325th District Court: Republican: Cynthia Terry, Judith Wells
342nd District Court: Republicans: Kimberly Fitzpatrick, Pat Gallagher, Julie Camacho
352nd District Court: Republican: Josh Burgess (i)
371st District Court: Republican: Mollee Westfall (i)
372nd District Court: Republican: Scott Wisch (i)
432nd District Court: Republican: Ruben Gonzalez (i)
Probate Court No. 1: Republicans: Catherine Goodman, Chris Ponder, Louis Stefanos, Patricia Cole, Mark Sullivan.
Probate Court No. 2: Republican: Brooke Allen (i)
County Court at Law No. 1: Republican: Don Pierson (i)
County Court at Law No. 2: Republican: Jennifer Rymell (i)
County Court at Law No. 3: Republican: Mike Hrabal (i)
County Criminal Court No. 1: Republican David Cook
County Criminal Court No. 2: Republican: Carey Walker (i)
County Criminal Court No. 3: Republican: Bob McCoy (i)
County Criminal Court No. 4: Republican: Deborah Nekhom (i), Mamie Johnson
County Criminal Court No. 5: Republican: Jamie Cummings (i)
County Criminal Court No. 6: Republican: Molly Jones (i)
County Criminal Court No. 7: Cheril Hardy (i)
County Criminal Court No. 8: Republican: Charles L. “Chuck” Vanover (i)
County Criminal Court No. 9: Republican: Brent Carr (i)
County Criminal Court, No. 10: Republican: Phil Sorrells (i)
WEST POINT, N.Y. — Matthew Wilson scored 14 points and led five players in double-figure scoring and Army beat American University 82-70 on Saturday, snapping a three-game slide.
Luke Morrison added 12 points, Thomas Funk and Alex King had 11 and Lonnie Grayson chipped in 10 for the Black Knights (13-10, 6-6 Patriot).
Jordan Fox made a 3-pointer and Wilson a pair of layups as part of an 11-3 run midway through the first half to put Army ahead 20-12. Grayson drained a 3 and Funk hit a layup to stretch it to 27-14 with 7:24 to go and the Black Knights were up 40-32 at the break.
American closed to 59-54 on a pair of Larry Motuzis layups with 9:46 to go but Grayson answered for Army with a 3-pointer and Morrison, King and Tucker Blackwell followed with three more to help push it to 78-62 with 3:05 left.
Lackawanna County Court Notes
Panel: Lackawanna County Fair appears viable The idea of a new Lackawanna County Fair is gaining momentum, with a committee formed by county commissioners last year urging a focus on community and cultural heritage. (read more)
Court ruling gives new hope of release to juvenile lifers An Old Forge man convicted of brutally killing two young children 36 years ago has a better chance at freedom because of a new court ruling. (read more)
CHRIS KELLY: Read my eclipse Metaphors this easily exploited don't come around often. The last total solar eclipse over the United States cast a momentary shadow on Feb. 26, 1979. (read more)
Local History: World War I hero remembered They flew for France and the United States in World War I, earning the Croix de Guerre with a palm and a distinguished service medal with bronze oak leaf. (read more)
× Union toddler dies from child abuse
UNION, Mo. – Saturday morning, just after midnight, officers responded to a residence on Henry Dr. for a 2-year-old boy that was not conscious or breathing.
Officers attempted CPR and an ambulance transported the child to St. Johns hospital where the 2-year-old was pronounced dead. Officers say the child had many bruises on their body.
Police say the child had been left with their mother's boyfriend for much of the day. The boyfriend, 23-year-old Austin T. Stonebarger of Union, eventually admitted to pushing the child which caused the young boy to hit their head. They also admitted to causing bruising the prior day when they disciplined the child. The suspect indicated that they had been using methamphetamine the last couple of days.
Stonebarger has been charged with Murder 1st Degree and is currently in custody at the Franklin County Sheriff's Department.
Transgender people can enlist in military Jan 1
Judge largely blocks Trump's military transgender ban
By LOLITA C. BALDOR, ASSOCIATED PRESS
WASHINGTON (AP) – The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MO - Polar Plungers in Lake St. Louis braved the February weather to raise money for the Special Olympics of Missouri. The Lake St. Louis, O'Fallon, Wentzville and St. Charles County Police Departments led the 15th annual Lake St. Louis Polar Plunge but anyone can participate.
“We have teams that have raised thousands of dollars with us,” said Amanda Castetter, Special Olympics of Missouri Development Manager. “We have a middle school group that's raised over $11,000 for this plunge between the 65 members that they have.”
O'Fallon Police Sgt. Jeff Cook in one of a handful of participates who has plunged in every one of the 15 Lake St. Louis Polar Plunges.
“When you see the opportunity that this provides the athletes, it makes sense completely,” said Cook. “You know it's hard to explain why you wouldn't want to participate.”
Amanda Knock will be representing Missouri as a Special Olympic Athlete in Seattle. They described the experience as amazing.
Dakota Steffens is another Special Olympics Athlete who came to cheer on Saturday's Polar Plunges.
“Just because we have a disability doesn't mean we can't achieve our dreams,” said Steffens. “And we achieve our dreams through athletic competition.”
This week in Denver you'll be able to indulge in a fusion of beer, wine, and cocktails paired with eats from all across the globe. A special selection of perfectly paired spirits and snacks are waiting for you downtown in the following days. Indulge in an enticing taste of Italia or treat yourself to tantalizing tacos as you live it up in the Mile High. There's no better way to spice up your life than a week full of sampling and drinking from sea to sea.
Monday, August 14
Craft Beer and Cheese Pairing
When: Monday, 6:30 p.m.
Where: Alpine Dog Brewing Company — 1505 N. Ogden St., Denver
Cost: $20 for 4 pairings
The Lowdown: Sample on some perfectly paired beer and cheese at The Alpine Dog Brewing Company. Five ounces of beer will be served with deluxe Whole Foods cheese that's been hand picked by the staff. A cheese expert will also be on the premises to teach guests about the art of wine and cheese matching.
Tuesday, August 15
Charcuterie & Cider
When: Tuesday, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: Stem Ciders— 2811 Walnut St, Unit 150, Denver
Cost: $20
The Lowdown: Join Stem Ciders for a night of perfect pairings. Culture Meat and Cheese — known for RiNo's famous “meat cones” at The Denver Central Market — is bringing four Old Major cured meats to pair with four Stem Ciders. Twenty dollars gets you a sample of both and no reservations are required. The party will last as long as the food does, so come early.
Bourbon Grill Reopens
When: Tuesdays, 10 a.m. – 9 p.m.
Where: Bourbon Grill —571 E. Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: Free Admission
The Lowdown: The dearly beloved Bourbon Grill reopens on Tuesday in a new location. No specials have been announced yet, but regaining access to this gem is worth celebrating in its own right.
Wednesday, August 16
National Rum Day
When: Wednesday, 4:30 p.m.- 12 a.m.
Where: Adrift – 218 S. Broadway, Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Join Adrift, a Hawaiian inspired tiki bar and restaurant, for National Rum Day. Sample the restaurant's wide selection of international rums. Happy hour will also be going down that night from 4 to 6 p.m. where you can get $2 off a tiki drink of your choice.
READ: The Happiest Hour — A New Wave of Tiki at Adrift
Thursday, August 17
Corks And Forks
When: Thursday, 5 p.m. – 9 p.m.
Where: Rooftop Terrace at Davita — 2000 16th St., Denver
Cost: $60 general admission — tickets here
The Lowdown: In the heart of downtown Denver, the 11th annual Corks and Forks event will bring together a plethora of Denver restaurants hoping to share in the spirit of wine tasting and good eats. Live music will also be featured, as guests sample gourmet specialties and sip on wine. A silent auction will be featured, and guests can share their voice by submitting a vote for their favorite wine. Guests will also be giving back— Corks and Forks benefits The National Sports Center For the Disabled.
Friday, August 18
Burrito Concert
When: Friday, 8 – 11 p.m
Where: Barfly — 4255 W. Colfax Ave., Denver
Cost: $7.50-$10 — tickets here
The Lowdown: A night out exploring Denver's local music scene just got even better with Burrito Concert. If all-you-can-eat burritos, margaritas and live local bands are of interest, come indulge in Burrito Concert. Proceeds from this burrito bash benefit Denver Homeless Out Loud.
St. Rocco's Feast
When: Friday and Saturday, 5 – 10 p.m, Sunday 4 – 9 p.m
Where: Potenza Lodge — 1900 W. 38th Ave., Denver
Cost: Free Admission
The Lowdown: In commemoration of the birthday, and death of St. Rocco — a Catholic Saint who was known to have cured disease — the 124th annual Feast Of St. Rocca will be celebrated with a selection of Italian snack food favorites including pizza, meatballs and wine. Come pay homage to a prominent saint and fill your belly with Italian tradition.
Saturday, August 19
Food Rescue Ride
When: Saturday, 9 a.m- 2 p.m
Where: Cherry Creek State Park — 4201 S. Parker Rd., Aurora
Cost: $25 for registration, $200 fundraising requirement — tickets here
The Lowdown: Get on your bikes and ride your way through Denver Food Rescue's Annual Food Rescue bike ride. People of all ages and speeds can make a difference as they trek along a 15 or 20-mile path. A tasty breakfast and lunch will be offered to participants—all of whom are invited to come dressed as their favorite fruit or veggie. If you're looking for a productive day of fundraising, exercise and family fun, come out to the beautiful Cherry Creek State Park to embark on an altruistic adventure. Fundraising and registration fees will go directly to Denver Food Rescue, which strives to increase access to fresh fruits and vegetables for all.
Boulder Craft Beer Festival
When: Saturday, 1 – 5 p.m
Where: North Boulder Park — 2801 9th St., # 2899, Boulder
Cost: $45 — tickets here
The Lowdown: The Boulder Craft Beer festival is celebrating its fourth year and hopes to sell out the event as they have every year since opening its doors. Enjoy unlimited samples from more than 30 breweries, live music and food available for purchase.
Bierstadt Lagerhaus Turns One
When: Saturday, 1 – 5 p.m
Where: Bierstadt Lagerhaus — 2875 Blake St., Denver
Cost: Free admission
The Lowdown: Celebrate the very first anniversary of RiNo's Bierstadt Lagerhaus with an afternoon of games and drinks. As a bonus, you can even enter to win a year of beer for free.
Sunday, August 20
Tacolandia
When: Sunday, 3 – 7 p.m
Where: Civic Center Park — Colfax and Bannock
Cost: $25-75 — tickets here
The Lowdown: Get ready to celebrate some of the best and most authentic tacos Denver has to offer. At least 37 restaurants will roll out their tastiest street tacos while live music plays. There will even be a car show for you to enjoy. Don't miss it.
Incredible, Edible Gluten Free Food Fair
When: Sunday, 10 a.m- 3 p.m
Where: Denver Merchandise Mart — 451 E. 58 Ave., Denver
Cost: $10 — tickets here
The Lowdown: Come sample a selection of gluten free eats at The Incredible Edible Gluten Free Fair. More than 100 vendors will showcase their edible options that are safe for our gluten intolerant, and celiac disease-affected friends to consume. Vendors will come from all over to offer samples, provide recipes and give away coupons. Gluten intolerant or not, there will be plenty of tasty options available at this fair for all different types of taste buds. Get full and take home some ideas of your own for only $10 at this gluten free extravaganza.
Mark Your Calendars
Denver Brunch Fest
When: August 27, 11 a.m – 2 p.m
Where: Bannock Street between 14th St. and Colfax
Cost: $65-$95 — tickets here
Taste of Colorado
When: Friday, September 1, 11:30 a.m. – 10 p.m., Saturday, September 2 and Sunday September 3, 10:30 a.m. – 10 p.m. and Monday September 4, 10:30 a.m. – 8 p.m.
Where: Civic Center Park — intersection of Colfax Ave. and Broadway
Cost: $15 food tickets for $10
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – A concerning discovery near Buder Elementary School in south St. Louis has neighbors sounding the alarm on social media.
Stephanie Wieswehan posted a picture of a glass smoking pipe that their friend discovered right in front of their house, which happens to be a block away from Buder Elementary School.
A school bus picks up and drops off students on their corner and Wiesehan said their children and others on the block are always playing in the area as well.
"It's frightening that somebody was doing that right on the corner of my block. I don't know, it just makes me nervous for my kids. It needs to go away," Wiesehan said.
Wiesehan called police to report the drug paraphernalia. They told them to break it in a bag and throw it away so that no one else could use it. They said a St. Louis police detective thanked them for reporting it.
"He called me immediately and said, ‘You should report this, we need to know that this is in the area. We need to know what's happening and where it's happening so that we can have more police presence,'" they said.
Adam Wright, the president of the Southampton Neighborhood Association, said it's encouraging residents to report suspicious activity either to the neighborhood association or to police.
"We're just trying to get the word out that we are watching; we are observing what's going on,” they said. “We love great activity, but if we see something going wrong, we are going to report it.”
UNITED NATIONS : Underscoring the need for overcoming negative stereotypes of young people, Pakistan has called for tapping their potential and creativity in an effort to prevent conflict and build peace.
“Inspired by hope and optimism and an unbridled sense of idealism, the young are agents of change in their communities and societies,” Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi, permanent representative of Pakistan to the UN, told the Security Council.
Despite being repositories of the world's greatest hopes, young people found themselves at the forefront of some of its biggest challenges, they said in an open Council debate on youth, peace and security that featured the first ever United Nations report on the topic.
They faced socio-economic inequalities, political and social exclusion, discrimination and a lack of fair opportunity, the Pakistani envoy said. The young were also some of the worst victims in situations of armed conflict, humanitarian crises, foreign occupation and long standing and unresolved disputes.
Their sense of justice is aroused and their patience tested by the inconsistent and often selective global response to their pain and suffering, they said. Yet, the fundamental causes enraging youth were often conspicuous by their absence in discourse on such issues.
“If one has nothing to live for, one finds something to die for,” Ambassador Lodhi said, before calling on the international community to break the nexus between desperation and hopelessness.
For far too long, Ambassador Lodhi said young men had been considered perpetrators of violence and young women as victims.
While a small minority of youth took to violence, sweeping mischaracterizations of young populations had exacerbated their sense of marginalization. In that light, it was time to recognize that youth were not merely instruments of war making, but essential peace-building partners, the Pakistani envoy told the 15-member Council.
“They are architects for economic and social development and the establishment of effective, inclusive institutions,” they added.
As for Pakistan, they said their government was implementing comprehensive strategies to counter the narrative of extremism, and at the same time, engage the country's youth so that they could become productive members of the society.
“We have adopted a whole of society approach, based on engagement with civil society including faith leaders, local communities and the media to promote the concept of a plural society based on building peaceful and harmonious communities, the Pakistani envoy said.
A major focus of that approach, they said, has been the empowerment of youth at the grassroots level by engaging them in decision-making processes.
“We are also investing in youth to provide them the opportunity to live their dreams and enable them to become Pakistan's future leaders.”
Ambassador Lodhi said over a million young people had benefitted from the “Prime Minister's Youth Programme”, which was aimed at providing the under-privileged with skills training, access to higher education as well as to employment.
Orignally published by NNI
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers finally found out that Sharon Mitchell was the one who stole the heist money.
Phil's wife made the shocking confession to Mel Owen, who probed them about who nabbed the cash from Aidan and their band of not so merry men.
The dramatic storyline has been full of twists and turns since Walford's wannabe gangsters held up a van full of cash and jewels.
This evening, however, Sharon confessed that they had taken the money from "right under their husband's nose".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Pressured by Ciara, Mel tried a new tactic by meeting up with Louise to try and dig out some info from them
But when Sharon returned to the house they sent Louise upstairs to have an intense chat with Mel, who revealed that Ciara was blackmailing them by using son Hunter.
Mel then told Sharon: "You've put up with a lot from Phil Mitchell - their womanising, drinking, dodgy deals... and at the end of the day, you deserve to know that you're going to be looked after.
(Image: 5649)
"But Phil was never going to do that, was he? He's too busy thinking about their legacy to think about you. Well, screw him. Screw Phil Mitchell. No one does that to you, no one."
Sharon was insistent: "No! No they don't."
Mel smiled: "He took the money."
But Sharon shocked viewers by announcing: "No, I took it. I took it from right under their nose."
How will Phil react when they hear the truth?!
*EastEnders returns on Monday at 8pm on BBC One
HOLTVILLE — Professional wrestling was on full display in the Valley this past weekend as Desert Wrestling Entertainment put on a show perfectly titled CarrotMania II taking place on the weekend of Holtville's Carrot Festival.
The night included a championship match between local showman Ares and the equally talented Ty Ray, and for the first time in the Valley, an eight-man “king of the ring” style tournament, the 1st Annual Desert Classic.
The competition level of the tournament was extremely high as many notable wrestlers competed, including Ryan Kidd, Dicky Maier, SuperBeatle, and Anthony Idol. With over 200 wrestling fans in attendance, and the Holtville Carrot Festival serving as backdrop, CarrotMania was ready to deliver.
“It was a good event. They were expecting 80 people, and there was a lot more than that,” said Desert Wrestling Entertainment Promoter Richard Ignacio of the turnout for the show.
In the first round, Dicky Maier earned a victory over Superbeatle with a heel tactic, putting their foot on the ropes to gain leverage while going for a pin and getting the three-count. The ref missed seeing their foot on the ropes, and counted Superbeatle out of the competition.
Up next, Ryan Kidd continued their rise in the local circuit with their acrobatic moves and crowd interactions, also earning the victory over Rey Negro, with a controversial disqualification. While the referee was distracted, Kidd pretended that Rey Negro had forcibly removed their mask, giving the ref no choice but to ring the bell and award Kidd the victory.
In the next match, Anthony Idol earned a dominant victory over Uday Ekleta who just seemed happy to be in the event, initially asking Idol for a pose for a quick selfie prior to the match. Idol responded with the usual right and left hands and as the match went on, they eventually earned the victory with a michinoku driver and the pin.
In the fourth match, DWE product Onyx earned a high flying victory over De Ja Vu in the final first round match.
Dicky Maier, Anthony Idol, Ryan Kidd and Onyx were on their way to the semi-final round.
Dickie Maier drew Anthony Idol as their opponent, and after a back and forth match, a frustrated Idol would take a chair to Maier's back and shoulder. Maier moved on to the final with a disqualification victory, but it seemed that the damage had been done.
Ryan Kidd versus Onyx showed just how well-versed Kidd is in the art of dirty tactics as again, a distracted referee allowed a low blow by Kidd, leaving Onyx easy prey for the Kid's roll up pin.
With the finals set at Dicky Maier fighting Ryan Kidd, it was on to the championship match between Ares and Ty Ray.
In a matchup that included high flying assaults from both men, action outside the ring and broken chairs, Ares would prove once again why they are the champion with a pinfall victory. After the tightly-contested match, both men showed the crowd what true sportsmanship was as they shook hands in the middle of the ring following an amazing show.
Then the crowd was treated to the Desert Classic Tournament finals with Dicky Maier and Ryan Kidd scheduled to battle for the trophy. However, due to an injury to Maier's arm during Idol's attack with the steel chair, Maier was not cleared to compete.
It looked as though Kidd would take the Desert Classic championship home by forfeit, but right before the handing over of the trophy, Maier burst through the curtain with a bandaged arm and ready for battle.
Kidd and Maier would exchange punches, submissions, near falls and reversals before an injured Maier would eventually submit to Kidd. Maier also completed the rare one night heel to face switch with the crowd, since they won their first match using heel tactics. By the end of the night, after fighting through being attacked with a steel chair and suffering injuries, they would pull through as the first ever Desert Classic Tournament Champion.
“As professional wrestlers we sacrifice everything, all in pursuit of championship gold,” said Maier during their post fight in-ring interview.
“This isn't the last you've seen. This is only the beginning for Dicky in Desert Pro Wrestling,” added the new Desert Classic Tournament champion.
“CarrotMania III is already planned, already ready to go. It's on for next year.”
The apparent assassination of the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un raises questions about the stability of the young leader's grip on power, US experts said Tuesday.
Kim Jong-nam, the 45-year-old eldest son of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, who has a different mother from the current leader, was killed after being attacked with poison at a Kuala Lumpur airport Monday.
Composite file photo of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un (L) and half-brother Kim Jong-nam. (For Use Only in the Republic of Korea. No Redistribution) (Yonhap)
A source familiar with the case said agents of the Reconnaissance General Bureau, North Korea's spy agency, have carried out the assassination by taking advantage of a security loophole created between Kim's body guards and Malaysian police at the Malaysian airport.The killing is the latest in a series of purges leader Kim has carried out since taking office five years ago."I think it speaks to the question of how much resistance there is inside the country," Victor Cha, a Georgetown University professor and Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told Yonhap News Agency."I know that there's a lot of people who say five years in, the transition is stable. But they sack the minister of state security last month and now kills the elder brother. Doesn't look so stable to me," Cha said.Mark Tokola, a former senior diplomat and currently vice president of the Korea Economic Institute of America, said it's obvious that the North's leader ordered the killing, given that North Korean agents have reportedly tried to assassinate Kim Jong-nam in the past."In looking for a motive for the murder, there is a Latin phrase for it, "Qui bono?" ("Who benefits?"). There are very few that would directly benefit from Kim Jong-nam's death other than their half-brother in Pyongyang," Tokola said in an analysis piece.Tokola also said the motivation could be a "a continuing sense of paranoia on the part of Kim Jong-un.""Whether or not Kim Jong-nam was actively plotting against Kim Jong-un (and there is scant evidence of that), they provided an alternative for North Koreans who would want to depose Kim Jong-un," the expert said. "Kim Jong-nam has been fairly quiet in their exile, but was quoted in the Japanese press in 2010 as saying they opposed dynastic succession in North Korea."Tokola also noted the North's leader has been eliminating those perceived as threats to him, including the brutal killing of their uncle Jang Song-thaek in 2013.The killing could also be interpreted as another North Korean affront to China, they said."Kim Jong-nam has been living mostly in Macau, certainly under Chinese protection, and was quoted in 2012 as saying that North Korea needed 'Chinese-style economic reform,'" Tokola said."Some commentators have theorized that the government of China was keeping Kim Jong-nam in reserve with the option of helping them assume power if Kim Jong-un fell in the future. Jang Sung-taek was too close to China for Kim Jong-un's taste; the same may have been true of Kim Jong-nam," they said. (Yonhap)
PULLMAN, Wash. — Two reserve players have been dismissed from the No. 11 Washington State football team.
The Spokesman-Review (http://bit.ly/2xY9bdn ) reported Friday that Zaire Webb and Anthony White Jr. were dismissed after they were arrested for alleged theft from a store on Wednesday night.
Webb is a first-year student defensive back and White Jr. is a first-year student wide receiver.
Stealing is one of three violations that automatically get a player dismissed from coach Mike Leach's football team. Assaulting a woman and smoking marijuana also result in dismissal.
The Level 2 Diploma in Horse Care is offered at CAFRE Enniskillen Campus. It is a one year course which includes five weeks of work placement, writes Kathryn Hazlett, Equine Lecturer, Enniskillen Campus.
The course includes a mixture of practical and theory, and covers a wide range of modules such as ‘Riding on the Flat' or ‘Riding over Fences', ‘Feeding and Watering Horses', ‘Horse Tack and Clothing', ‘Stable Duties' and also ‘Principles of Horse Biology'.
One student who completed the Level 2 Diploma in Horse Care this year is Shannon Connor from Newcastle.
Shannon completed their five weeks work placement at Mount Pleasant Trekking Centre in Castlewellan. Shannon thoroughly enjoyed getting to put some of the skills and information they had learnt throughout the year to practice.
They also thought the placement was a great idea for getting hands-on experience of how a yard is run and gave them a good insight into working in the equine industry.
Shannon is also hoping that they will be able to return next year to go on to the two year Level 3 Extended Diploma in Horse Care programme.
For further detail on the equine courses please visit the website at: https://www.cafre.ac.uk/study-at-cafre/course-finder/equine/
A few months ago, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige announced at San Diego Comic-Con that they'd landed none other than Michelle Pfeiffer to play Janet van Dyne in the upcoming entry into phase three, #AntManandTheWasp. This announcement was a major win not only for fans, but also for Evangeline Lilly, who'd been advocating for Pfeiffer to play the role of their mother ever since the sequel was announced.
In the first Ant-Man film, we learned that Janet had been trapped in the Quantum Realm after working with Hank Pym (#MichaelDouglas) to deactivate a Soviet nuclear missile. Sacrificing herself, Janet disappeared and was presumed dead by their family. With Pfeiffer's casting - and a little glimpse dropped near the end of the first film - we can safely assume that's not what happened. Now, with a new casting call looking for extras in a scene set to take place in a flashback to the '80s when van Dyne disappeared, we may finally know exactly what happened to Janet as they and Hank took their last flight.
The casting announcement also suggests we'll see Marvel utilizing those immaculate anti-aging CGI skills to bring young Hank and Janet front and center, much like they've expertly done in previous films like Ant-Man and Captain America: Civil War. The casting call in Georgia is looking for people of all ages to play Argentinian locals for a scene set in a park. The scene will take place in 1987, the year van Dyne disappeared, but does not state whether or not Pfeiffer's character will appear. Given Marvel's history with keeping plot points as secretive as a nuclear weapons program, this isn't really all that surprising.
The details are being kept tightly wrapped, as #Marvel is currently hard at work filming the sequel. Fans are hoping we'll get to see more of Hank and Janet's past while also exploring just what happened to Janet in the Quantum Realm and what it'll take to get them back.
Ant-Man and The Wasp are stacked with an incredible ensemble cast that includes returning stars #PaulRudd, Evangeline Lilly, Michael Douglas, Michael Pena, and Judy Greer. Joining for part two are the likes of Laurence Fishburn as Goliath, Michelle Pfeiffer as Janet van Dyne, Hannah John-Karmen as Ghost, and Walton Goggins as Sonny Burch.
Ant-Man and The Wasp are currently slated for release on July 6, 2018.
Recollections of a Marine Attack Pilot
Reviewed by Rachel Jagareski
January 2, 2017
This is a passionate and illuminating account of one man's time in the military.
Marine officer Larry R. Gibson offers a crisply written series of vignettes about their career in Recollections of a Marine Attack Pilot.
Gibson begins with a fateful decision: parking in downtown Lexington, Kentucky, one day when they were finishing their bachelor's degree. Had the engineering student parked on the other side of the street, they would not have entered a Marine Corps recruitment office and begun the process of becoming a marine attack pilot. They went on to serve two tours of combat duty during the Vietnam War, act as a jet flight instructor, and become one of a select number of pilots capable of delivering nuclear weapons.
The role of chance in determining other critical aspects of Gibson's life is a thread that continues throughout the book. This is particularly apparent when they describe instances during their flight training and in military service when snap decisions, or being in the wrong place at the wrong time, meant the difference between an ordinary day and a tragic one. Their tone is often reflective and is devoid of bravado, though their career achievements are impressive.
A lifelong feeling of being “enchanted with airplanes” is clear—first as shared with their father, and then enhanced when a small airfield was built near their home. Aviation and military history buffs will enjoy reading Gibson's accounts of flying different kinds of military aircraft, as well as details of physical and educational training in the Marine Corps. Also interesting are accounts of daily life living in Vietnam: enduring the sweltering climate, eating C-rations, and using helmets for quickie bathing. However, even those unfamiliar with military life, procedures, and jargon will learn a lot from Gibson's patient explanations and vivid scenes. Their insights about how some of their Quantico instructors were reassigned to operational units during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis makes this instance of historical international brinkmanship even more sobering.
Gibson is a proud marine, and their pages describe fellow officers and pilots with admiration, save for one blowhard they encountered during flight training (“They call me ‘Slick”'), who is held up as an example of someone who shirked dangerous duty. The author's evident pride in their military career and in the Marine Corps is tempered with some humility. They note that they were very pleased with themselves for coming in first during an obstacle course race during their marine training, but also points out two other foibles during an all-night maneuver that nearly got them thrown out.
Sometimes details are rehashed in subsequent chapters, and this repetition, as well as an overuse of exclamation points, detracts from the otherwise flowing narrative. Gibson's book also loses its laser focus on their military exploits in the last few chapters, veering off the runway with some odd chapters about their dentist, paranormal events involving a baggage claim ticket, and a wistful reminiscence about a college student they might have married.
Recollections of a Marine Attack Pilot is a military memoir that will be like catnip for passionate fans of aviation. This is an illuminating description of what it takes to be a military pilot, as well as of historical geopolitical events.
(KTVI) – Two men have been arrested and accused of robbing someone in the parking lot of Chesterfield Mall at gunpoint.
Anthony Claxton and Corey Cox are charged with robbery and armed criminal action.
Police say the robbery happened around 5 pm this past Sunday.
Investigators determined the victim arranged to meet the suspects on the parking lot for a drug deal. When the suspects got there, they pulled out a gun robbed the victim.
No one was hurt during the robbery.
HOLYOKE -- The behind-the-scenes disparaging notwithstanding, the 2018 Hispanic Family Festival will proceed as scheduled from Thursday to Sunday at Springdale Park at 844 Main St.
Organizer Diosdado Lopez had issued an email Tuesday announcing the festival would take place, with carnival rides, food vendors, a parade and wrestling matches, but without the scheduled musical performers.
As of Wednesday, the musical shows and all aspects of the festival were envisioned to take place as planned, Lopez said.
That came after Mayor Alex B. Morse had disputed Lopez' contention that the music part of the festival had to be cancelled because the mayor had failed to approve funds to pay for the stage and sound systems. The money, $5,000, is available as it has been in previous years, Morse said.
Lopez, a former city councilor, said Morse's administration is bad for the city.
Morse said Lopez is disorganized and should step aside and let a new generation run the festival.
Lopez said, "He needs to learn our history. I started this festival 30 years ago and only under their administrative term has this festival faced problems."
"I have always budgeted money for this festival, and continue to do so with the FY19 budget recently submitted to the (City) Council," Morse said. "Specifically, it is $5,000 for the event's stage."
The fest will run Thursday, 4 to 10 p.m., Friday 4 to 11 p.m., Saturday noon to 11 p.m. and Sunday from 1 to 8 p.m., Lopez said.
Performers will include Victoria Sanabria and the Salsa Train Orquestra from Puerto Rico, they said.
The annual festival breakfast will be at 9 a.m. Saturday at the Holyoke Community Charter School, 2200 Northampton St., they said.
The Western Massachusetts Puerto Rican Parade will begin at 11 a.m. Sunday at Main and Dwight streets, they said.
For more information send emails to diosdadolopez@hotmail.com or corrozo1@gmail.com
Giving a toast at the first state dinner of their presidency, Donald Trump hailed the bonds between the United States and France, saying, “May our friendship grow even deeper, may our kinship grow even stronger and may our sacred liberty never die.”
President Emmanuel Macron of France thanked Trump for making them the first world leader honored with such a visit and saluted the “unbreakable friendship” between the countries formed nearly 250 years ago.
The dinner for 123 guests and a main course of lamb marked Melania Trump's highest-profile hostess gig to date as first lady. President Trump thanked them for their efforts, describing them as “America's absolutely incredible first lady.”
As the Trumps greeted the Macrons, a collection of political and business elite entered the formal dinner, which featured a smaller, more intimate guest list than some of President Barack Obama's dinners.
Among those attending were Vice President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John G. Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Apple CEO Tim Cook and Olympic curlers John Shuster and Meghan Duggan, who flashed their gold medals on their way to the pre-dinner reception.
In a break with tradition, Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned their 2005 wedding, had a hand in every detail of what is the social highlight of Macron's visit. They released a brief video showing them working on the details with their staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
The menu was seasonal, featuring young lettuces as part of the first course and spring lamb for the entree. Buttermilk biscuit crumbles added punctuation to a salad featuring a goat cheese gâteau and a burnt-onion soubise, or sauce. For dessert: a nectarine tart with creme fraiche ice cream.
The dinner, executed by longtime White House executive chef Cristeta Comerford, also revealed some sly diplomacy. The rack of lamb was served with jambalaya, an iconic Louisiana dish influenced in part by the French.
Earlier, Mrs. Trump wore a belted suit with a broad-brimmed chapeau, including on an outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of French painter Paul Cezanne.
The hat stayed put as they returned to the White House and took their front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as they entered the room and again as they rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
With The Washington Post
Bitcoin Futures: Trojan Horse or Blessing in Disguise? Video – maneco64
In this report I cover the early market action from London on Monday, December 11th, 2017. I also look at the history of futures exchanges and the new CBOE and CME bitcoin futures contracts.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Mogadishu, Somalia, April 24, 2018 – The African Development Bank's Deputy Director General for East Africa, Nnenna Nwabufo, represented the institution at the launch of the Say No to Famine – Short-Term Regional Emergency Response Project (STRERP) for Somalia.
As a response to food security, the Bank has supported the people of Somalia, mobilizing approximately US $34 million (25 million Units of Account), from both the Transition Support Facility of the African Development Fund and the regional envelope. The STRERP project aims to provide emergency food assistance, fodder for pastoralists and medical supplies to about 800,000 Somalians, who are most vulnerable to the impact of the drought. It also puts in place the preliminary building blocks to strengthen links between the production, distribution and consumption hubs of the food systems in the affected regions, leading to increased system-wide efficiency and longer-term resilience. STRERP Somalia aims to immediately address the humanitarian needs of those affected by drought and famine.
Elmi Omar Aainsane, Acting and Deputy Minister of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management, welcomed the invited delegates on behalf of the Federal Government of Somalia. They particularly commended the African Development Bank for its timely action against famine in the region, assuring that the assistance would get to the beneficiaries.
Speaking on the occasion, Nwabufo underscored that the Bank's response demonstrates its commitment to supporting and assisting its Regional Members Countries (RMCs) that are severely affected by prolonged drought periods and unstable food production systems.
“Food security and healthy food for all in Africa, that's what the African Development Bank strives for through its many projects and work in Regional Member Countries,” Nwabufo said.
The meeting also brought together representatives from the Intergovernmental Authority for Development (IGAD), Save the Children, and the United Nations; Ministers from the Federal and Member States, as well as public servants from different Ministries in Somalia.
The Altus Public School Board of Education met Monday for their regularly scheduled monthly session to discuss district matters and honor several students from the Altus High School band, choir and academic team for recent accomplishments,
In attendance was Superintendent Roger Hill, Board President Stephen Barnett, Clerk of the Board Karen Sanchez, and members Dr. John Thomas, Debora Phillips, James Patterson and Kelley Duncan. Altus Air Force Base Ex-Offico member Air Force Col. Lance Whitfill was absent from the meeting.
Barnett opened the meeting with the Pledge of Allegiance and Hill followed with recognition of the AHS band students who earned OMEA — Oklahoma Music Education Association — all-state honors.
Band members Kayla Miller, Uriel Perez, Asher Shoopman and Tyler Tidwell were selected for symphonic band while David Alexander and Ethan Hastings were selected as all-state alternates.
“We're just really proud of them. From the first round to the final round of All-State there were approximately 2,000 students and so to have four students make all-state and to have two make alternates, we're very proud of them,” AHS Band Director Mary Runyan said. “Looking at the program, I was very proud of the fact that in schools similar to ours, Del City had one student selected, but Duncan, Ardmore, Lawton and other schools like ours did not have any all-staters.”
The AHS choir also had five musicians attend the all-state clinic.
Those students are Dreema Abila, Mikayla Bush, Carly Stork, Mikendell Reuter and Mackenzie Wood. Abila and Bush were also selected to the ACDA — American Choral Directors Association — National Honor Choir. Freshman Allison Cope did not make all-state, but also was selected to the ACDA National Honor Choir.
“I'm very proud of the students that got to enjoy the all-state experience. It's something that they won't forget because it's not just a celebration of their accomplishments of getting through the auditions, they get to make music with some of the best musicians in the whole state,” AHS Choir Director Nick Young said. “They get to talk and just be around people who are just as passionate as they are.”
The AHS academic team recently competed in the State Academic Team Competition and earned a third-place finish. It is the second time the AHS academic team has been to state, but it is the first time they have placed.
These students are Team Captain Reece Henry, Amy Phan, Caylan Steed, Abby Dantzler, Kayla Jencks, Mara Kennedy, Kody King, Ryan Oden, Jaxon Sealey, Ethan Thaggard, Michayla Cheney, Avery Huckabee, JD Wright, Shelby Ho and Clayton Birdwell.
“This is my first year as the academic team coach and it was an awesome year,” Cindy Bailey said. “From practice all the way to state it was just awesome. I say that any day you learn something new is a great day. They kept me hopping every time I mispronounced a word. We even practiced against the high school teachers and won and I'm looking forward to next year.”
Once recognition was given, the board moved on to approve a list of new hires.
Lindsey Holub was approved for a four-hour special education position at the Altus Early Childhood Center, Charles King was approved as a two-hour cafeteria clerk at AHS, and Michelle Ware was approved as the insurance clerk at the administrative center.
The board approved sending Cindy Allen and Nicole Walker to attend the National Migrant Education Conference in Orlando, Fla. from April 30-May 3.
Todd Vargas, Dusty Davis, Matt Terry, Linn Marshall and Mike Torres were approved to attend the Naval Academy Football Coaches' Clinic in Annapolis, Md. from Mar. 29-31 with the event being paid for by the 12th Man Club.
The board also approved Vargas, Davis, Marshall, Jamie Reyn, and Torres to attend the Coaches' Clinic in Dallas from Mar. 10-11.
Mitch McLaughlin was approved to attend the Dallas-Fort Worth Sports Medicine Symposium at Southlake, Texas from Mar. 24-26.
The board had no new business and voted to adjourn the meeting.
AHS academic team members honored for accomplishments are, from left, in the front row, Coach Cindy Bailey, Team Captain Reece Henry, Amy Phan, Kayla Jencks, Ethan Thaggard and Jaxon Sealey; and in the back are Caylan Steed, Clayton Birdwell, JD Wright, Shelby Ho, Avery Huckaby, Ryan Oden and Kody King. http://altustimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_ATeamR-1.jpg AHS academic team members honored for accomplishments are, from left, in the front row, Coach Cindy Bailey, Team Captain Reece Henry, Amy Phan, Kayla Jencks, Ethan Thaggard and Jaxon Sealey; and in the back are Caylan Steed, Clayton Birdwell, JD Wright, Shelby Ho, Avery Huckaby, Ryan Oden and Kody King. Ryan Lewis | Altus Times
By Ryan Lewis wlewis@civitasmedia.com
Reach Ryan Lewis at 580-482-1221, ext. 2076.
Reach Ryan Lewis at 580-482-1221, ext. 2076.
SPRINGFIELD -- Home improvement chain Lowe's said Friday it plans to hire 1,300 employees across New England, a number that would include 200 employees in Massachusetts.
It's hiring cashiers, loaders, customer service associates and sales specialists with a focus on customer service.
Hiring will take place today from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Lowe's said in a press release it will hold open interviews. Candidates should bring their Social Security card and a government-issued photo identification, such as a driver's license.
Lowe's said its part-time and full-time positions offer competitive pay, comprehensive benefits and a 10 percent employee discount.
Lowe's has 27 stores and employs more than 3,500 people in Massachusetts.
Job seekers can apply at each participating store during the event or online at https://jobs.lowes.com/.
Locations are:
One memory that Rosemarie Buchanan can clearly recall from their 22 years on the School District 70 board of trustees is a meeting at the Eighth Avenue Learning Centre eight years ago.
“I looked up, and there were boxes of yarn,” they described.
After learning that there were plans for a weekly knitting group at the school, they immediately jumped on board. The knitting group meets every Wednesday afternoon and is now in its eighth year.
“It's not about the knitting,” Buchanan says. “It's about conversation. Some of these students go through such challenging situations, but they still graduate.
“That has absolutely been one of the highlights for me.”
In April of this year, Buchanan received a “Life Membership” from the BC School Trustees Association, in recognition of their combined 22 years on the SD70 school board. The membership is given to every trustee that is part of the association for 21 years.
Buchanan described the school board as their “niche” in the community.
“I'm not just doing it as a stepping stone,” they said. “It's about longevity. I guess that translates into the fact that voters have some faith in me.”
They ran for school board for the first time in 1980 “kind of on a whim.” A previous trustee had resigned, and Buchanan ran in the resulting by-election. A friend offered to help run their campaign, and they recall standing outside of the mill gates, handing out leaflets.
“I was elected, much to my surprise,” they said.
Buchanan was 25 years old at the time of their election, making them one of the youngest trustees in Canada.
Buchanan had attended high school in Alberta in the late '60s and early '70s and didn't have a positive experience. “I didn't like high school,” they said. “Things have changed a lot now. But I just thought no kid should leave public education feeling bitter about it.”
This was most of the thought behind their decision to run for school board for the first time.
“Now that I'm 63, I realize I'm never going to please everybody all the time,” they laughed.
 They are retired now, after a career working in human services and running their own business (Alberni Valley Clean Team).
“I loved doing it, it was just time for me to retire,” they said. “I certainly have more time to do stuff, and I like that.”
Buchanan's 22 years on the school board have been broken up throughout four decades, as they spent almost 10 years working across the border in Massachusetts in the late '90s and early 2000s. All that time means that they bring a great deal of history to the board—she has witnessed many changes in public education over the years.
“It's great to see how education has evolved over the last four decades,” they said. “Sitting in a class of rows…that doesn't work for all kids. Education has been adapted to more suit the individual,” they added. “Everybody's brain is different.”
They laughed, recalling their feelings when they were younger about all the “old, retired” people on school board. “Now that I'm one of the old, retired people, I get it,” they said. “When you're working full-time and supporting a family, it's tough to be as involved as you'd like to be.”
Them favourite part of being on the school board is attending the graduations at ADSS and Eighth Avenue Learning Centre every year.
“You know that all those students have worked really hard,” they said. “Especially when you hear their lofty goals. You see what so many people are heading off to do, and it's nice to have that injection of success.”
They added with a laugh, “It's like you put a bunch of ingredients together and put it in the oven and hope it's a cake.”
The school board will be holding another election in October this year, and Buchanan said they plan to run again.
“There are some things I want to see through,” they explained.
elena.rardon@albernivalleynews.com
The order, which was issued by the state Department of Health and Human Services, said McLaren Flint has insufficiently shown compliance with recommendations made by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the fall.
LANSING, MICH.—Michigan ordered a Flint hospital Tuesday to immediately comply with federal recommendations that were issued due to its association with a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak, saying the hospital's water system is unsanitary and a possible source of illness.
The state cited a report from December 2014 in which a company that tested McLaren's water said it seemed that the municipal water was not contributing to the hospital's Legionella bacteria issues and the problems instead were “likely internal to the hospital system.” The state said it will appoint a monitor, conduct independent water testing and force the hospital to co-operate with requests for information.
Some outside experts suspect the spike in cases was linked to Flint's improperly treated, lead-contaminated tap water, but the state said a review “has raised several new questions that require answers.”
The hospital fired back, accusing the state of providing “absolutely no support” during the 2014-15 outbreak and retroactively casting blame after criminal charges were filed against 13 current or former state and city workers.
McLaren said it already has provided much, if not all, of the information outlined in the order but plans to be fully responsive.
“Despite the fact that dozens of Legionnaires' disease cases have been reported in patients that have had absolutely no contact with our facilities, and despite the growing consensus among public health and infectious disease specialists that the city's use of the Flint River as a water source is the prime contributor to our community's Legionnaires' disease epidemic, the state refuses to broaden its perspective and hold itself and others accountable for the inaction of prior years,” the hospital said in a statement.
The state, which has come under scrutiny for mishandling the outbreak and waiting to notify the public, is following up on Legionnaires' cases after winning a legal dispute over access to records. It wants to know more about what the hospital is doing to strengthen its water system.
The order came the same day the mayor of Flint met with Gov. Rick Snyder to discuss Michigan's decision to withdraw some financial assistance that was originally offered to help the beleaguered city and its residents cope with the human-made crisis.
In a “constructive discussion,” they said, they reaffirmed a state announcement from three weeks ago to stop paying a portion of customers' bills and also halt covering Flint's costs to use water from a Detroit-area system. The move will save the state more than $2.61 million per month.
The Republican governor said the payments will end because the level of lead in the city's water no longer exceeds the federal limit. Residents are still encouraged to use faucet filters provided by the state.
Flint Mayor Karen Weaver, who did not speak with reporters afterward, had said Monday that the credits were supposed to continue through March under a recent state law and that they were disappointed by the “short notice” that they will last instead for water used through February. They said while their goal is to get “the state out” of Flint, “we weren't ready for credits to be suspended.”
Snyder's office estimates the state will have spent $53.6 million partially reimbursing customer bills for a nearly three-year period. Another $23.2 million has been contributed toward Flint's Great Lakes Water Authority payments.
“I explained that we had authorization really through the time period we had,” said Snyder, who has apologized for their administration's role in causing and prolonging the emergency.
Weaver had said city officials previously argued that the credits — which cover roughly two-thirds of the water portion of residential water/sewer bills — should last until the water is safe to drink without a filter.
Flint's water emergency began when lead from old underground lines leached into the water supply because corrosion-reducing phosphates were not added due to an incorrect reading of federal regulations by state regulators. Elevated levels of lead, a neurotoxin, were detected in children, and 12 people died in the Legionnaires' outbreak — 10 of them associated with McLaren.
Legionnaires' disease is a pneumonia caused by bacteria in the lungs. People get sick if they inhale mist or vapour from contaminated water systems, hot tubs or cooling systems — typically in large buildings such as hospitals and hotels.
Tampa Bay has become quite the trendy pick to not only emerge as a playoff team in the NFC this year, but some members of the national media have even projected Dirk Koetter's Bucs as Super Bowl LII champions this year.
After improving from a 6-10 squad to a team that narrowly missed the postseason with a 9-7 record last year in Koetter's first season as head coach, there is no doubt that the Bucs will be more talented on offense with the additions of wide receiver DeSean Jackson and tight end O.J. Howard, the team's first-round pick, and more dangerous on defense heading into the second year with defensive coordinator Mike Smith. The hype is so real that HBO and the NFL selected Tampa Bay – not Tennessee, another potential breakout team in 2017 – as this year's participant for its popular Hard Knocks training camp series.
As the Bucs' 2017 mini-camp draws to a close, Koetter said that they do have to constantly remind their young football team that they need to be worthy of the hype when the season opener kicks off in Miami in less than three months.
“We've got to control what we control,” Koetter said. “We can't control good or bad, what is said. The NFL is popular. It's great that [the media] is here talking about us. It's great that people nationally are talking about us, but there are 31 other teams that got better. We have to prove it on the field.
“There's going to come a day when we're going to have to back it up and that day is coming September 10. That's the first time it's really going to count. We're aware of it. Is it in the back of our mind? Yes. It just comes back to controlling the things we can control and don't worry too much about the things that we don't.”
As for all of the extra cameras and media attention that comes from Hard Knocks, Koetter and Smith experienced that scrutiny first-hand when Smith was the head coach in Atlanta in 2014 and Koetter was their offensive coordinator. The Falcons went 6-10 that season and Smith and the coaching staff were fired.
Don't look for that to happen to this young team. The thinking here is that the Bucs will be up for the challenge to live up to the lofty expectations from the media.
“I talk to the guys about it all the time, constantly remind them all the time,” Koetter said. “I think you guys are making too much of a big thing about the Hard Knocks deal. Hard Knocks isn't going to affect us one way or another. The fact that people are talking about us – hey, you want to be talked about. It beats the alternative.”
Tennessee hosted its 2018 Pro Day on Monday, with a total of 22 former Vols participating for NFL scouts, coaches and several GMs including Oakland's Reggie McKenzie, Tennessee's Jon Robinson and Carolina's Marty Hurney.
Here's what Kahlil McKenzie, John Kelly, Rashaan Gaulden and others said about their performances Monday.
US Vice President Mike Pence said Tuesday that Washington will review and reform the free trade agreement with South Korea, citing too many barriers to US businesses.
The visiting vice president made the remarks during an American Chamber of Commerce meeting in Seoul. South Korea and the United States enforced the so-called KORUS FTA in 2012.
US Vice President Mike Pence (Yonhap)
"Most concerning is the fact that the US trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since the KORUS came into effect. That's the hard truth," Pence told the meeting."Our businesses continue to face too many barriers of entry... We are reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners... the US and people of South Korea we will work toward that end to reform KORUS in the days ahead," they added. (Yonhap)
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
They made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as they welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering their hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of their wife Barbara.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
They then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
”I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said.
”Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
The attack drew extensive international attention, its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets, some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack.  They are charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
But lately, they look like a keeper at any price. Stanton's knack for moon shots has long made them the sport's most prodigious slugger, and now he's also the most prolific.
Jeter's investment group agreed last week to buy the Marlins from Jeffrey Loria, and given the franchise's history of low revenue and attendance, there's already speculation the incoming regime may deem Stanton unaffordable.
Stanton signed a record 13-year, $325-million (U.S.) deal in 2014 with the Miami Marlins, and they still owe them about $300 million — an eye-popping number even to a certain former all-star shortstop for the New York Yankees.
They began the week leading the majors with 42 home runs, including 21 in the past 33 games. They would finish the season with 71 homers if they continue their pace of the past five weeks.
“It has been amazing to watch,” manager Don Mattingly said.
“You know you're watching something special,” teammate Javy Guerra said. “It's very weird to see a guy come to the plate, and you think they could homer every time. It's a lot of fun to be a fan.”
Stanton homered for the fourth game in a row Sunday against the Colorado Rockies to tie Gary Sheffield's franchise record for homers in a season, set in 1996. The home run was the 250th for Stanton in 3,407 at-bats, and by that measure, only four players reached the milestone faster — Harmon Killebrew, Ralph Kiner, Babe Ruth and Ryan Howard.
“Crazy,” said Stanton, 27. “Those are guys you glorified and put on a pedestal as gods as a kid, and you're right there on the same plane as them now. So it's something special.”
This year is special for Stanton because they have remained healthy, missing only two games. It's the first time since 2011 they have avoided an injury that sidelined them for a lengthy stint.
Worst was a season-ending beaning in September 2014. Stanton led the National League in home runs and RBIs when their face was fractured by a fastball from then-Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Mike Fiers.
The aftermath left Stanton prone to swings and misses on outside breaking pitches. But lately their timing has been excellent, and they began the week batting .281 with the lowest strikeout rate of their career.
They credit a new closed stance.
“I'm not pulling off the ball, and I've been more on time and ready to go on off-speed pitches, heaters, everything,” they said. “I watched film over and over until my eyes hurt to figure it out.
“Every year, I've had seven or eight different stances, and it's really because I haven't felt comfortable throughout a whole season to keep one. So it's a constant grind — how do I feel right every day? This was one I hadn't tried yet, and it has been pretty good.”
Pretty good? The stance often leads to a home run trot accompanied by a grin. On Sunday, Stanton even threw in a quick dance step rounding third base.
“I think they like hitting homers,” Mattingly said with a chuckle. “He smiles a lot when he's hitting homers.”
Stanton said he's having more fun than at any time in their career, even with their team out of the playoff race as usual. This will be the 14th consecutive season the Marlins have missed the post-season, and given their injury-ravaged pitching staff, Stanton harbours no illusions of a miracle run.
“We've got arms going down like flies,” they said.
Marlins fans are counting on Jeter to change the team's fortunes. Stanton? He's already tired of questions about the new ownership, and about their future.
Team management expects to close on the $1.2-billion sale in early October, so it may be a while before Jeter can provide any answers.
“It still has months to process,” Stanton said with a sigh. “So we'll just wait it out.”
They know he'll be making $25 million next year somewhere.
New Delhi
The operatives on Sunday hacked the official website of the elite National Security Guard (NSG) and defaced it with a profanity-laden message against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The hacking attempt was noticed early Sunday and the URL -www.nsg.gov.in – was blocked soon after by the counter-terror force from its headquarters here, officials said.
“Indian NSG Commandos hacked Pakistan Zindabad,” the group, which calls itself ‘Alone Injector,' wrote.
Official sources said the hacking attempt could have been carried out by Pakistan-affiliated hackers, though they were still trying to ascertain exact details in this regard. The matter has been brought to the notice of the National Informatics Centre (NIC), and “remedial action” is being taken.
The NSG was raised in 1984 as the federal contingency unit to undertake counter-terror and counter-piracy operations. Its website gives out basic information about the force, its origin and operations.—ToI
Related
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis must weigh up whether to start Southampton match-winner Hal Robson-Kanu up front or recall leading scorer Salomon Rondon to face Hull.
West Brom will face the Tigers at The Hawthorns in Monday's Premier League clash, with manager Pulis ready to rotate their resources following Saturday's 2-1 win at St Mary's.
Allan Nyom could drop out of the defence after a sluggish showing on the south coast, but one that ended with Robson-Kanu sealing victory.
Hull pair Ahmed Elmohamady and Dieumerci Mbokani are both available for Monday's game at West Brom.
Midfielder Elmohamady has been allowed to arrive late for Egypt's training camp ahead of the African Nations Cup and striker Mbokani will join up with DR Congo's squad after the match.
Boss Mike Phelan has no new injury or suspension concerns, while midfield pair Tom Huddlestone and Sam Clucas are both pushing for recalls after starting on the bench in Friday night's home draw against Everton.
West Brom squad: Foster, Myhill, Palmer, Dawson, Evans, Nyom, Olsson, McAuley, Galloway, Brunt, Fletcher, Yacob, Gardner, Morrison, McClean, Chadli, Phillips, Field, Rondon, Leko, Robson-Kanu.
Hull squad: Marshall, Dawson, Maguire, Davies, Elmohamady, Robertson, Huddlestone, Clucas, Livermore, Meyler, Snodgrass, Mbokani, Diomande, Jakupovic, Mason, Maloney, Henriksen, Weir.
"We are wanting to thank everyone that has helped in the efforts to bring our Son Kaden home. It has been a long extremely draining two months of searching and now has finally come to an end," the post stated. "The amount of support was absolutely incredible and we really can't thank everyone enough.”
Police report Kaden's mother, who was rescued by emergency responders near Dufferin County Road 109, drove past a road closure sign marked by orange pylons.
Them minivan was swept into the fast-moving river and deep water. Police say they managed to free themselves and Kaden from the vehicle, but the water wrenched the boy from their arms.
The OPP's investigation into the incident is ongoing. Nancekivell said the results of the autopsy will be forwarded onto its crime unit, which is co-ordinating the investigation.
Ever since their disappearance, thousands of people from the local community and across Ontario have volunteered their time to help in the search for Kaden.
For 59 days — minus searches cancelled due to weather — people have met at the family's home every morning to scour the banks of the Grand River. The community response has been inspiring, Nancekivell said.
“They just jumped into action. It is a testimony to the small-town spirit of Dufferin County that when a tragedy happens, people band together and organize themselves quickly,” they explained.
“They have a tremendous ability to do that,” Nancekivell said. “I don't know where that comes from, maybe being more intimate than other places where you know your neighbours.”
As members of Kaden's inner circle continue to grieve, Davis said the high-profile case is going to “absolutely” lend itself to a community in heartache. With the family planning a private funeral at a later date, a public celebration of Kaden's life will be held at the Compass Community Church on May 5, beginning at 11 a.m.
“The community was united in the search efforts. It is important to have that feeling of being united now,” Davis said. “There is a whole range of feelings that people can have, whether that is anger, sadness, frustration or relief.”
CDVS is available to anybody in need of an outlet to talk about the impact this has had on them. Davis said many community volunteers may begin to feel an emptiness now that their role in the search is over.
“There isn't something that they feel they can practically do to help this family. Sometimes there is that feeling of emptiness afterwards of ‘What is my role now? How do I continue to assist this family? How do we move forward?'” Davis explained.
“Talking to somebody about that sometimes can be helpful,” they said. “Anybody who is affecting by this can certainly call into us and we can offer 24/7 support.”
To contact Caledon Dufferin Victim Services' 24-hour crisis line, call 905-951-3838. For more information about CDVS, call 1-888-743-6496, email info@cdvs.ca or visit cdvs.ca. Community members can also reach out to the Canadian Mental Health Association (1-877-451-2123), Dufferin Child and Family Services (519-941-1530) or Family Transition Place (519-941-4357).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This Morning contributor Alice Beer came on This Morning to give Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield the best buys for a royal baby, in honour of their arrival.
The group talked about all of the adorable baby items on display, which included everything from nappy bags to baby grows, blankets to prams.
The pram first started the broodiness in the female hosts, with Alice declaring that it made them "ovaries ping" as they texted out how it worked, imagining pushing a baby along the street.
(Image: ITV)
Later they moved over to a nappy bag, which they peered at and considered closely, even to the point where they sniffed it in case it had remnants of baby smell attached.
The next item really got Alice feeling the yearning of motherhood, as they lifted up a gro-bag, which is an alternative to swaddling.
The two women cooed as Alice held up the gro-bag, and they both thought back to the birth of their children.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Alice said: "Oh this makes me feel so broody.
"Can you tell I'm a little broody? But my time has passed!"
Holly joined in, saying: "Oh I know, it's awful."
(Image: ITV)
The mood became a little more fun when Alice turned to an egg-shaped night light, joking that they were "talking of eggs."
The final moment which made them broody was whilst looking at small baby dressing gowns, much like the one which Prince George wore when meeting US president Barack Obama.
This Morning airs from 10.30am weekdays on ITV.
NEW YORK POST:
A Southern California man pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student whose body was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from their family's home.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach was ordered held on $5 million bail with conditions including GPS monitoring, a curfew and a protective order for the victim's family if they are released.
Woodward is charged in the killing of 19-year-old college sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home visiting their family on winter break in Lake Forest. Authorities said the two attended the same high school but did not know if they were friends at the time.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - Fire official tells news outlets about a dozen people getting medical attention after explosion at Kentucky UPS hub.
There is one thing you probably have and love if you are reading this article: sneakers. But I can tell you one thing, you probably don't have as many sneakers as I have.
It all started two years ago, when I was in second grade, with a pair of LeBron soldiers 8s. Back then I thought they were really cool, but in third grade I started to get a few more sneakers, like the LeBron 13s and the LeBron Soldier 10s.
Now in fourth grade, I clean sneakers for money and I sell sneakers, too. I have a very nice collection of 16 pairs, but I feel I can still make improvements to it.
There are a lot of sneakers I want, but some of them are very expensive. Three shoes I would like are the Camo nmds (made by adidas), Pharrell Human Races (adidas) and the Nike Air Mags. If you don't know what they are, then watch the movie “Back to the Future 2,” and you will see Marty McFly put on self-tying shoes — these are based on those shoes they wore. The shoes in real life are actually self-tying shoes.
I still can't believe my sneakerhead life started in second grade, and from now on sneakers will always be part of my life.
Amy Brown's fourth-grade class, Cutchogue East Elementary School
Grammy-winner Dennis Edwards, who performed lead vocals for some of the chart-topping Motown singles recorded by The Temptations in the 1960s and 1970s, has died at age 74, their manager said on Friday.
Edwards died at a hospital in Chicago on Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, their manager Toby Ludwig said by phone.
The singer, who lived outside St. Louis, would have celebrated their 75th birthday on Saturday.
The Alabama-born Edwards replaced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968.
Edwards sang lead on some of the vocal group's most memorable hits, including “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone,” a 1972 release that earned Edwards and the group two Grammy Awards, and “I Can't Get Next To You,” which topped the pop charts in 1969.
Edwards left The Temptations around the time the group left Motown to sign with Atlantic Records in 1977.
They rejoined and left multiple times in the 1980s, when the group enjoyed far less success on the pop charts than in the previous two decades.
Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of The Temptations.
“The findings are relevant to people serving the needs of the blind and visually impaired including educationists and training institutions.” Kovin Naidoo
Click here to enlarge
Credit: International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness Credit: International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness
Awareness On both a policy and individual level, there is a lack of awareness that curative or preventative treatments exist and are available. Bad Services High pressures on services can often lead to a poor reputation. Even when an alternative is available or services improve, poor reputation remains a barrier. Cost Direct (cost of treatment, insurance) and indirect costs (travel, time away from home) are often prohibitive to receiving treatment in low-income communities Distance The travel logistics and time required to reach a treatment facility are often too great to enable access to those most in need of services. Escort Provision for a carer who will escort a person with sight-impairment is often overlooked, for example, there is no space on the outreach bus or hospital accommodation for the escort. Fear A lack of effective counselling and investment in education leads to many potential beneficiaries holding beliefs that leave them fearful of the treatment they will receive. Gender All of the above barriers effect women and girls more than men and boys
[NAIROBI] Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia have the highest percentage of blind older people worldwide, a study says.The study published in the Lancet Global Health on 2 August shows that blindness affects 36 million people globally, with developing countries bearing the greatest burden.Kovin Naidoo, a co-author of the study and founder of the African Vision Research Institute, University of Kwazulu-Natal, South Africa, says that “growth and ageing of the world's population is causing substantial increase in number of people affected”.The researchers, who form the Vision Loss Expert Group, an international network of eye care specialists, conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based datasets relevant to global vision impairment and blindness published between 1980 and 2015. They retrieved 3,878 papers but analysed 61 to arrive at their findings.The researchers estimated the prevalence of eye disorders such as blindness and visual impairment in 2015, compared it with the figures in 1990 and made projections for 2020 and 2050.They found that in 2015 the prevalence of blind in adults was highest in the world's developing world compared with the developed regions, with Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia hardest hit. For example, whereas developed regions had older adults blindness prevalence of less than one per cent, that of West Africa was five per cent, and East Africa and South Asia were about four per cent each.Source: Rupert R. A. Bourne and others“We projected that an estimated 38·5 million people would be blind in 2020 (of a total global population of 7·75 billion) and 114·6 million people would be blind in 2050 (of a total global population of 9·69 billion),” the authors report.Vision impairment, defined as a limitation of one or more functions of the eye, also disproportionally affected the developing regions.The study indicates about 55 per cent of all visually impaired people worldwide are women, and that 89 per cent of those who are visually impaired live in low- and middle-income countries.Blindness and vision impairment are increasing with the aging population because populations are living longer due to improvements in healthcare and technological advances, Naidoo tells SciDev.Net.“There is currently a dire need for human resources in these areas to address the needs,” says Naidoo. “However, if the population growth continues as it is predicted, the potential economic impact will be significant since people are unable to be productive or younger people are taking care of people with blindness and vision impairment.”The study, Naidoo notes, highlights that the efforts made between 1990 and 2010 such as community eye care services, and focusing strategically on eye diseases , especially on cataracts and uncorrected refractive errors, have made a significant impact on alleviating blindness and vision impairment.“The findings are relevant to people serving the needs of the blind and visually impaired including educationists and training institutions, civil society organisations, politicians, eye care advocates, ministries of health and the WHO,” Naidoo says.Andrew Bastawrous, assistant professor in international eye health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, United Kingdom, says prevalence of blindness has been steadily decreasing for the last 25 years because of strategic focus on diseases that make the greatest difference to the highest number of people: cataracts and uncorrected refractive errors.He calls for lowering the barriers to access services and strengthening health systems to prevent billions of people from unnecessary sight loss.According to Bastawrous, addressing blindness requires use of advanced technology to provide high-quality, data-driven , human-centred solutions; establishment of public-private partnership and creation of new financing models that incentivise impact and continuous improvement.Bastawrous adds that governments need to prioritise good vision for all the population, help develop novel treatments, and boost research to understand the barriers and solutions in a wide variety of systems.Credit: Andrew Bastawrous, Peek VisionThis piece was produced by SciDev.Net's Sub-Saharan Africa English desk.
Kersey and Keenesburg and Brush, oh my!
The sixth annual Pedal the Plains bicycle tour will give riders a chance to get close to lions, tigers and bears — along with other wild animals — housed at the Wild Animal Sanctuary in Keenesburg, one of several features along the 177-mile route, Gov. John Hickenlooper and Denver Post Chairman Dean Singleton announced Monday.
The full three-day tour is set for Sept. 15-17, travels from Kersey to Keenesburg to Brush and then back to Kersey. There's also a Century PLUS ride covering 114 miles in a single day from Keenesberg to Brush on Sept. 16 and an easy Family Fun Ride the same day around the town of Brush. Registration for the rides is open.
“There's no better way to connect with our rural communities than by taking time out to ride a bike through them,” Hickenlooper said in a statement. “This tour is the perfect way to bring an economic boost to three of our stellar rural communities while wrapping up the summer's riding season.”
The governor's office and the Denver Post Community Foundation have co-sponsored the three-day bicycle ride annually since 2012.
“Our sister tour, Ride The Rockies, gives cyclists plenty of alpine challenges in western Colorado, but Pedal The Plains provides a unique opportunity for riders of all ages and experience levels to enjoy the friendly atmosphere and sun-drenched terrain of Colorado's plains,” said Tour Director Renee Wheelock in a statement. “We are particularly pleased to have Kersey, Keenesburg and Brush as first-time host communities. Our riders are in for a treat.”
It's more than a bicycle tour, organizers say, with live music, beer gardens, locally sourced food and educational exhibits along the way. “Swap your Lycra for Levis and bike cleats for boots,” organizers say, “cuz' when the wheels stop rollin', the party gets goin' out on the Eastern Plains.”
Pedal the Plains is intended to celebrate the agricultural roots and frontier heritage of Colorado's eastern plains. Viaero Wireless is the tour's presenting sponsor, and other sponsors include Anadarko Petroleum, Noble Energy, CO Bank, Western Dairy Association, Suncor Energy, 9 News, KBCO, Walmart, Swire Coca-Cola and Colorado's Office of Economic Development and International Trade.
— ernest@coloradostatesman.com
Reckless driving on roads has become a hobby in Karachi. The city is flourishing in all directions yet facing countless problems. Reckless driving is also one of the many problems. Most of those who drive on roads in Karachi are very careless as they do not follow driving rules and traffic police is hardly able to check them. They are fond of rash driving. The buses and mini buses are always overloaded and two or three passengers are often seen hanging on the footboard or sittings on the roofs. The result is that accidents are quite common in Karachi. Reckless driving is too dangerous for pedestrians as well as small vehicles. I there fore request the authorities concerned to take strict action again this craze so that people get relieve from further distress.
AEMON JAWAID
Karachi
Related
Wisconsin Voters Aren't Enthusiastic About Republican Tax Bill What do voters think of the tax bills currently under debate in Congress? In the swing state of Wisconsin, many voters don't know much about the legislation — but don't like what they see so far.
Posted 1 hour ago
Former Harambee Stars Captain Dennis Oliech came from the bench to score the winning goal as Mwat FC beat Barcelona Kenya 2-1 to lift the Dagoretti Cup
Lake Murray Elementary Principal Announces Retirement Plans
Chapin, S.C. (WOLO)–After 35 years shaping young minds, Claire Thompson is calling it a career.
Thompson, Principal at Lake Murray Elementary School in Lexington Richland School District 5, announced Monday their plans to retire at the end of the school year.
Thompson has served in LRSD5 for the past 27 years and has been the only principal of Lake Murray Elementary since the school opened in 1997.
In a statement released by the district Thompson said, “I have loved working with parents. I loved working with students and teachers, and it's those memories I will take with me into retirement. I am proud of the work we've accomplished together, and look forward to all the things that will come in this next chapter of my life.”
COMMUNITY
ROSEDALE BAPTIST CHURCH: Garage sale, July 7, 9 a.m. – noon. 11 Rosedale Place, Welland
CHERRY FESTIVAL: July 7, 9 a.m. – 3 p.m, St. Mark's Anglican Church, 41 Byron St., Niagara-on-the-Lake. stmarks1792.com
ITALIAN FESTIVAL: July 8, Food, live music, games and vendors. All welcome. Club Italia, Montrose Road, Niagara Falls.
WELLAND PUBLIC LIBRARY: Teen Zumba, July 10, 3:45 pm @ Main Branch. Family Zumba, July 10, 2:30 pm @ Main Branch www.wellandlibrary.ca 905-734-6210 ext. 2521
MUSIC
KNOX PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH: Ken Cowan and Lisa Shihoten, duo organ and violin virtuosos. 53 Church St., St. Catharines. July 6, 7:30 p.m. Tickets $20, students $10. 905-641-8868.
TWO SOPRANOS, ONE VOICE: Sopranos Kira Braun and Melissa-Marie Shriner and pianist Brahm Goldhamer present Classical Duets of Art Song, Oratorio, & Opera Favourites, July 11, 7 pm. St Thomas Anglican Church, 99 Ontario St, St. Catharines, Advance Tickets $17: Ryson's Music, 5 Court St, orwww.twosopranos.eventbrite.ca, $20 at the door, 905-941-6916
MORE COMMUNITY
WELLAND'S WALL OF ART: Featuring artist Rey Beacher until July 6. Northwest entrance to Civic Square. 905-735-4463, jsi@cogeco,ca
Through the columns of your newspaper, I wish to bring to the notice of the government and experts the great problems the people have faced earlier on account of load shedding of light and gas. (a) Students are greatly disturbed by the load shedding of electricity during their study hours. Educational standards are already low, and load shedding is further bringing them down. (b) Factories cannot work for long hours because of the load shedding of electricity and gas. The production of goods is badly affected. This results in unemployment and shortage of goods in markets and rising prices. I propose the construction of new dams across rivers so that more water is available for irrigation and for the production of cheap electricity with water energy. More thermal power stations, where electricity may be produced with coal energy, may be set up. Further, more gas fields should be explored/developed for supply of gas all the time. I hope that the government and technical experts will take all possible steps to improve the production and distribution of electricity and gas.
SAKINA BIBI
Kohat
Related
Debbie Douglas of OCASI, Shalini Konanur of the South Asian Legal Clinic of Ontario, and Avvy Go of the chinese and Southeast Asian Legal Clinic are in Geneva, Switzerland to ask the United Nations to hold Canada accountable for racism in its borders. ( Amy Casipullai/ocasi/OCASI )
Every day when I read news from around the world, I have occasion to feel thankful to be in Canada. Yet, I was surprised this weekend to hear many Canadians, revolted by the events unfolding in Charlottesville, Va., say: At least we're not as bad. In reality, our history, too, involves slavery, indentured labour, brutal oppression and colonization. Our country, too, has thriving right-wing extremism. It's not Canadian to be flashy and to shout out our deeds from the rooftops. The flip side of this modesty is, when history judges those actions to be misdeeds, we are able to dismiss them as trivial because they were not as glorified as they were down south. The dismissal allows us to mask the past and ease our collective conscience. It's precisely a recognition of those past misdeeds, their present consequences and a reckoning of current laws that a group of prominent Canadian NGOs are seeking in Geneva Monday, when they ask a UN body to hold Canada's feet to the fire for failing to keep its promises to end discrimination.
Article Continued Below
The Colour of Poverty — Colour of Change and its members are asking the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD) to recognize how Canada has “failed to comply with its international human rights obligations . . . and domestic human rights laws.” “Racism is a matter of life and death,” for Indigenous peoples, their joint statement says, citing dismal socio-economic health indicators, suicides, murders and disappearances of thousands of people. Both Indigenous and Black people are disproportionately poor and disproportionately represented in the criminal justice system.
“This is not the first time we brought this concern to the CERD committee, and yet very little has changed in more than a decade of our submitting shadow reports,” said Debbie Douglas, executive director of the Ontario Council of Agencies Serving Immigrants (OCASI). The NGOs are calling for a national action plan on racism for Canada that would commit to combating discrimination in hiring, and funding anti-racist organizations. Chiefly, it is seeking the collection of “disaggregated” data across all government departments. This kind of data collection that specifies identities such as race, gender or disability is the minimum Canada needs so it can measure the impact of its policies whether in health or housing or jobs. How do you try to solve a problem when you can't quantify it? “For instance,” says Avvy Yao-Yao Go, clinic director at the Chinese & Southeast Asian Legal Clinic, “Under the Federal Employment Equity Act, the federal government has data on the representation of women, ‘visible minority,' Indigenous peoples and people with disabilities in the federal public service. “However, we do not know, for instance, of the “visible minority” categories, what are the percentages for people of African descent versus people of Chinese descent versus people of South Asian descent. Or under (the category of) women, how many are women of colour and from which communities.” Or, take Canada's immigration law that allows people detained for immigration purposes to be detained indefinitely. More than 6,000 people were held in 2016-17, the agencies say, although more than 90 per cent of them were not considered a security threat. “We recently participated in a case in federal court that sought to challenge indefinite detention,” says Shalini Konanur, executive director of the South Asian Legal Clinic of Ontario. “During that case we spoke with several detainees, and the vast majority were racialized. Currently, there is no race-based data being collected about detainees but we know anecdotally that racialized persons in Canada are disproportionately impacted by indefinite detention.” The NGOs also want the federal and provincial government to remove barriers to the recognition of international training, and to amend the Ontario Human Rights Code to stop discrimination based on police data. They are drawing attention to domestic laws that discriminate against specific groups. In addition to immigrant detainees affected by law, migrant farmworkers and caregivers such as nannies — the majority of whom are people of colour — are also vulnerable. Migrant agricultural workers do not have access to permanent resident status. As for caregivers, their once guaranteed pathway to permanent residence was revoked in 2014. Both groups have their work permit tied to a specific employer leaving them vulnerable to exploitation. “While migrant workers contribute to social entitlement programs in Canada, their temporary status largely precludes them from accessing these programs,” said Amy Casipullai, an OCASI staffer. The UN committee is expected to release its review on Aug. 25. Shree Paradkar writes about discrimination and identity. You can follow them @shreeparadkar
Read more about:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Researchers say they have proved that dogs have better social skills than their human owners.
What's more, they have a much greater emotional intelligence than we give them credit for.
The findings have come from the University College London and will form part of the upcoming Royal Institute Christmas Lectures being given by Sophie Scott, a professor of neuroscience at University College London.
According to Professor Scott, our tendency to view dogs and other pets like we would a child means we also underestimate them.
Meanwhile, dogs will view their owner in the same way as a wolf pack would view the alpha male.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"There was a study this year that showed that dogs don't like being hugged," Professor Scott told The Times .
"You look at photographs of dogs being hugged by people and the dogs show objective signs of distress.
"The dogs really like being with their owners, they want to be with their owners, but they don't want to be held. It provokes anxiety in them: as an animal, they want to be able to move freely.
"And pretty much everyone's reaction to this was: well, I don't think that's my dog. It was a very good example of this asymmetry.
"Dogs are great at reading us but we are pretty shocking at reading them."
Professor Scott is set to elaborate on their findings during the three lectures that will be shown on television later this month.
The lectures explore a different theme each December and have taken place every year since 1825 - stopping only from 1939 to 1942.
This year they will examine how much human communication has in common with other animals that live in groups.
It will include the rise of emoji and how we use them to talk to each other on social media.
Professor Scott said: 'We know from pre-emoji studies that people talk more, are happiest afterwards and laugh most if they have a face-to-face conversation.
"Even if the other person is on a screen, if you can see and hear that person you get more bang for your buck from that interaction.
"It drops down as soon as you're just on the phone so there's no face, and it drops down again if you go to text-based interactions because you lose all that social information.
"So it will be interesting to see if in a few years, when people are using emojis for these sorts of interactions more commonly, will that improve the status of text-based interactions?
"Will it make you happier? We don't know that yet."
The Christmas Lectures will be broadcast on BBC Four at 8pm on December 26, 27 and 28.
ADVERTISEMENT
Who shall guide Democrats in their effort to mobilize against Donald Trump? That question is now front and center, as the party prepares to vote for a new leader in February.
With Democrats almost totally shut out of government, the most important position in the party is now the chair of the Democratic National Committee, who would be in charge of organizing the attempt to retake power. Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), perhaps the second- or third-most prominent member of the Bernie Sanders wing of the party, presented themselves as a candidate.
Centrist liberals in the White House have challenged Ellison, putting up Labor Secretary Tom Perez as an alternative. But the underhanded way they have conducted their campaign is politically blinkered and morally hideous.
After losing in the 2016 presidential race, centrist liberals were stunned and disorganized, and so initially it seemed as though Ellison would cruise in unchallenged. They have very strong working-class bona fides, and is a black Muslim in a party composed in large part of minorities. They seemed like the perfect choice to unite the working class of all races that failed to turn out sufficiently for Clinton, and demonstrate the party's commitment to social justice. Sanders and Elizabeth Warren endorsed Ellison, but then so did Chuck Schumer (a relative centrist and upcoming Senate majority leader) and several large unions that had supported Clinton.
But the White House reportedly did not like the choice of Ellison. A series of objections materialized, and Perez entered the race. First, they said the DNC chair should be a full-time job, so Ellison dutifully promised to resign from Congress should they win. Then, liberals dredged up a bunch of opposition research from decades ago (in the '90s, Ellison had defended Louis Farrakhan, the controversial leader of the religious group Nation of Islam, then recanted and apologized). On cue, Clinton mega-donor Haim Saban called them an anti-Semite.
As Alex Shephard writes at New Republic, the odd thing about this is that Perez is also a pretty strong left-winger and a Latino. They could easily have challenged Ellison on the merits alone. But instead, centrist liberals are trying to beat Ellison with a lot of cheap shots. It smacks very much of Clinton's campaign against Sanders, which leveraged right-wing propaganda about single-payer, or their campaign against Obama in 2008, which had odious racist and Islamophobic undertones.
And this last aspect is particularly nauseating.
Ellison is a Muslim, the first and only one ever elected to Congress, and Donald Trump just won the presidency partly on the back of shockingly bigoted rhetoric about Islam. Many centrist liberals are palpably uncomfortable with allowing a black Muslim to run the party in such circumstances. As one "longtime Obama political ally" told Politico's Glenn Thrush: "But is they really the guy we need right now when we are trying to get all of those disaffected white working-class people to rally around our message of economic equality?" Since Obama themselves is black, it's clear he's talking about religion.
This also smacks of Clintonite politics. In 1992, Bill Clinton famously triangulated against black radicals, and in 2008 Hillary argued that you need to cater to white identity politics to get enough white voters to win. But President Obama themselves already decisively disproved the strong version of this thesis, rolling up enough working class voters of all races with a powerful working-class message — one-third of their 2012 coalition was made up of whites without a college degree — to win convincingly twice. (It's worth noting as well that Ellison's congressional district is 63 percent white, which they won by 47 points in the election.)
It might be a political risk to have a black Muslim at the head of the party. But the moral stakes here are high indeed. Muslims are unquestionably America's most besieged minority, and things promise to get much, much worse under President Trump. They need all the protection and help they can get in these dark times. Placing a Muslim at the head of the party would send a powerful signal that our fellow citizens, both Muslim and otherwise, will not be abandoned simply because Trump managed to win the presidency by a whisker with a bigoted campaign.
On the other hand, as Jeff Stein argues at Vox, beating back one of Bernie Sanders' most high-profile allies with an underhanded campaign is no small political risk, either. Many Sanders supporters are already quite annoyed at how the DNC was obviously in the tank for Clinton during the primary, and the fact that Ellison and Perez are quite close ideologically only adds to the frustration. It seems as though Ellison is unacceptable only because they didn't kiss the right rings during the primary. It risks re-opening the primary divide at a terribly unfortunate time, and further alienating young voters, for no real substantive reason.
It's anybody's guess who would be the most tactically wise choice to head up the party. But the Democratic Party is at its worst position in nearly 90 years after running a white centrist liberal for president. Perhaps it's time to give the full-throated lefty a shot.
by Stan Cutler
We're in the early months of the 2018 political campaigns. Yes, it's sad. The times when campaigns only lasted a few months are over. Seventeen months before the next election, I'm already thinking about the political wars to come. My hope is that Americans elect enough people to Congress to reverse the effects of Trump's 2016 victory.
How should Democrats and sensible Republicans conduct the upcoming campaigns? They will have to win seats in districts wherein a substantial number of voters seem unshakably devoted to “their” president? How do you reason with people who resent reasoning? How do you persuade those who refuse to recognize the difference between a fact and an opinion? Are there campaign strategies available to anti-Trump candidates that could work? And did the 2016 campaign provide indications of how to win the next one?
Classical rhetoric is a venerable academic discipline that describes the problem space as a sort of Venn diagram with at least three overlapping domains: the speaker, the message and the audience. As the campaign progresses, I'll be writing from a rhetorical perspective, as someone who analyzes public persuasion as communication. (I used to teach the discipline at Penn State.)
When I consider any audience, let's say Trump voters, I imagine that each of the individuals in it has a hierarchical belief system. The foundation of the hierarchy is identity. A winning candidate is perceived by a majority of voters as a personification of group identity. This level is illogical – by definition it is impervious to reasoning. Trump's appeals are pandering – their effect is to amplify the self worth of individuals as belonging to a just and powerful group – “the best” of all groups – good ol' fashioned hard-working patriotic Americans. Trump does this by mocking and belittling The Others, those who “are not us”.
Part of the genius of the Trump phenomenon is recognition that their overbearing executive style, perfected over 14 seasons of “The Apprentice their macho shtick, their ethos, seems presidential. Their supporters will stay in their camp for as long as they perceive them as a winning champion on their behalf. They dismiss their personality flaws as inconsequential. They cannot be dissuaded by a Chuck Schumer lecturing about the consequences of pending legislation. Why? Not because Schumer is illogical, but because they are perceived by Trumpites as challenging to deeper levels of their belief systems. If Trumpites were to agree with Schumer, no matter how logical their positions, it would constitute a betrayal of their identities.
I am, by no means, suggesting that candidates running in 2018 copy the Trump playbook. But they have to craft and deliver messages that seem as all-American as Trump's, and they have to exude absolute certainty in their ability to succeed as the voters' champion. This is not a new playbook, it is why any successful candidate wins an election.
So, assuming that candidates can come across as all-American and confident, how can they communicate sound ideas in ways that win elections in districts with many Trumpites? I think they have to simplify. They have to remember that they are not in classrooms or courtrooms. They have to be entertaining. They should glorify their vision for America and their districts. They should say what they are for in a loud, clear and dignified manner. They must make voters feel better about themselves for believing in them. And they must not present themselves as Trump antagonists.
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders do it, but both are flawed. My sense is that Warren is holier than thou, a teacher's pet, a goody-two-shoes. Younger versions of Sanders could win. But both may be too left-wing for the right-leaning American electorate. We need American Emmanuel Macrons.
Macron is a highly-trained public servant with experience as a senior government official. It was certainly an advantage that they were 39 years old, articulate, accessible and physically attractive. In the French elections, Macron's most powerful opponent was Marine Le Pen, the champion of the “true French” much as Trump is the champion of “true Americans”.
Many 2018 American candidates will be tempted to run against Trump. But Macron demonstrated that such a strategy would be ineffective, particularly in pro-Trump districts. Macron did not campaign against Le Pen, they did not present themselves as a polar opposite, but rather as a pro-business centrist. We desperately need candidates who know that there are more votes in the moderate center than on the polar extremes.
Macron did not publish a Platform until a month before the first of the two Spring elections. And then they devoted only a single day of their campaign to defending it in a structured public forum. It is always better to describe problems afflicting the audience rather than specific solutions that are easily attacked as unworkable or unrealistic. On the campaign trail, they avoided the wonky weeds of policy. They did not exaggerate the problems, they did not try to scare people into voting for him. Rather, they emphasized goals – a vision. People voted for them because they wanted to make France great again. In 2018 American candidates would do well to follow their example.
Stan Cutler is a novelist and political writer who lives in Chestnut Hill. They blog at stanleycutler.com
Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has berated the Progressives Congress (APC) in the state for organizing another stakeholders meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo, a day after the town hall meeting held in Government House.
Governor Wike expressed their displeasure while receiving leaders of the APC from Ogba-Egbema-Ndoni Local government area led by Chief Ofili Enebeli, who were defecting to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP.
The Governor said the meeting which was organized by the leaders of the APC in the state was ill-conceived and aimed at further straining the peace in the state.
They also said they felt a level of satisfaction seeing former Governor Rotimi Amaechi return to Government House after allegedly leaving it in shambles.
Governor Nyesom Wike said they would not be deterred from their promise to continue to develop Rivers State.
“Since the Acting President began their tour of the Niger-Delta, this is the first time they will be sleeping in a state. This is the first time they will be passing a night outside their region. What does that tell you. It means Rivers state is safe.
“But you know Satan will never sleep. Lucifer will always stay awake. Anywhere Satan sees light, they will always want to turn it into darkness.
“You are all aware that the Acting President came and held a stakeholders meeting with all of us irrespective of affiliations. Even the Minister of Transportation was there. But as you know, chameleon will always be a chameleon.
“Just because the Acting President decided to stay in Rivers state Lucifer went on rampage. I had no problem with the fact that Prof. Osinbajo wanted to hold a meeting with their party member. They are all members of APC but I was surprised that a meeting they tagged APC stakeholders meeting turned out to be something else.
“They left what they gathered for and started making demands for the people of Rivers state. Who sent them?
“If I were them, they should go for psychiatric test. I have never been treated by a psychiatrist. I don't even have one as my Doctor but when your personal Doctor is a psychiatrist, then you should know there is a problem.
“I don't want to talk about what their boys (Dakuku Peterside and Magnus Abe) were saying but I was happy for one thing. I was happy that the Minister of Transportation could not believe their eyes when they came into Government House. It was like a paradise. When they came to the Presidential lodge, they couldn't believe it.
“Remember this was a man who said over their dead body will I become a Governor but they entered my car, my 7 BMW series with the acting president.
Chairman of the PDP in Rivers State, Felix Obuah assured the new defectors of equal rights in the party.
Inventus Capital Partners MD Parag Dhol
Mumbai: Venture capital (VC) firm Inventus Capital is in the process of making a first close of Rs175 crore for its third fund by early next month, a senior executive of the VC firm said. Inventus is targeting a total corpus of Rs325 crore for the fund.
The third Inventus fund is the VC firm's first India-dedicated fund that will be managed by an ' India team including Parag Dhol, Rutvik Doshi and Samir Kumar.
“We are in the process of raising our fund three and simultaneously trying to get our first deal done by next month. Unlike in our fund one and two, where we did investments in US as well as in India, now we will have two separate paths. We are targeting an India-dedicated fund of Rs325 crore which is roughly $50 million. Our nerve center will exclusively be on Indian startups,” said Parag Dhol, managing director, Inventus Capital Partners.
Dhol added that the firm believes that the chances of success are higher in raising a smaller fund and making right bets.
Inventus was founded in 2007 by Kanwal Rekhi, Samir Kumar and John Dougery. It has offices in Bengaluru and California and has so far raised two funds totaling $158 million.
Its investment successes include bus ticketing platform RedBus and Insta Health, which were acquired by Naspers and Practo, respectively. Sierra Atlantic, which was acquired by Hitachi Consulting, is another big exit by Inventus.
For the current fund raising, the firm has already received commitments from international investors which include family offices and high net-worth individuals along with domestic ones.
“Most of the Indian money in our fund has come from banks. SIDBI has committed 25% of the money in the fund. Some potential investors such as Portea promoter Ganesh Krishnan, the three founders of Bigbasket, one of the founders of bookmyshow, Makemytrip founder Deep Kalra, along with few family offices and HNIs have already committed to us,” Dhol said.
The VC firm aims to stick to its core thesis of investing in series A companies, investing in approximately 12-15 companies.
“We will stick to our previous strategy of investing in series A rounds. We will focus on investing in technology, internet of things, broadly internet, mobile, SAAS based companies. We would invest somewhere around Rs5-15 crore on an average, and Rs30 crore for multiple rounds,” Dhol added.
Last year in June, Mint had reported that Inventus Capital was planning to separate its India and US units and raise an independent fund for investing in Indian start-ups.
In March, 2018, Fireside Ventures, an early-stage venture capital fund focused on consumer brands, closed its first fund with a corpus of Rs340 crore.
Last year in July, another VC fund SAIF Partners raised a $350 million fund focusing on both public and private technology and brick-and-mortar companies.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Almost 500 known rapist and paedophiles have gone missing across the country, after police failed to keep tabs on them.
The registered sex offenders are missing in Britain and include some who disappeared more than a decade ago, according to a Sky News investigation.
Figures released by 41 of the country's police forces show the number of convicted sex offenders whose whereabouts are unknown is 485, a jump of more than 20 per cent in the last three years.
The Metropolitan Police said it did not know the whereabouts of 227 registered sex offenders, including 38 who had been missing for at least eight years.
The figures come as victims of black cab rapist John Worboys campaign to overturn the decision to release them from prison.
(Image: iStock Editorial)
Police did not name the missing sex offenders, citing the Data Protection Act.
West Midlands said 46 registered sex offenders were wanted or missing including one offender who disappeared in 2006.
Greater Manchester Police said the whereabouts of 19 registered sex offenders were unknown, with one vanishing in July 2006.
Police Scotland said 12 registered sex offenders were wanted, all of whom are believed to be out of the UK.
Four forces, including the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI), did not respond to Freedom of Information requests, Sky News said, meaning the total number of sex offenders on the loose is likely to be higher.
The total number missing is up 22% on March 2015 when 39 UK police forces said hey did not know the whereabouts of 396 registered sex offenders.
Alex Mayes, from charity Victim Support, said: "These figures will potentially be very alarming to victims of sexual offences and could undermine public confidence in the criminal justice system.
"To ensure the safety and well-being of survivors of sexual offences, as well as local communities, it is vital that the police strictly monitor sex offenders."
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Registered sex offenders must inform police of their addresses and are subject to monitoring by authorities who manage certain sexual and violent criminals living in communities.
There were a total of 55,236 registered sex offenders living in England and Wales in 2016/17, according to a Ministry of Justice report published last October.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Are the Lions for real? Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Justin Rogers look at the Lions as they roll into Week 5 against the Carolina Panthers at Ford Field. Detroit News
Lions rookie wide receiver Kenny Golladay (hamstring) is out for Sunday's game against the Panthers. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Allen Park — The Lions' injury report is lengthy heading into Sunday's game with the Carolina Panthers.
The team has ruled out three players – wide receiver Kenny Golladay (hamstring), linebacker Paul Worrilow (knee) and running back Dwayne Washington (quad).
Additionally, eight players, including seven starters, are questionable: Defensive end Ezekiel Ansah (knee), safety Don Carey (knee), linebacker Jarrad Davis (neck), guard T.J. Lang (back), defensive tackle Haloti Ngata (shoulder), center Travis Swanson (ankle), tackle Rick Wagner (ankle/shoulder) and linebacker Tahir Whitehead (pectoral).
The Panthers are also dealing with some injury woes. They'll be without center Ryan Kalil and ball-hawking safety Kurt Coleman.
Defensive end Julius Pepper and offensive tackle Matt Kalil are questionable. Peppers didn't practice this week with a shoulder injury, while Kalil sat Thursday and Friday with a groin injury.
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has congratulated the India Under-19 cricket team for winning the World Cup on Saturday.
"Congratulations to the Indian team for winning the U-19 World Cup cricket. Keep winning. Especially proud of Ishan Porel for their performance in the semi-final/final," they said in a tweet.
India overpowered Australia by eight wickets in the final at Tauranga in New Zealand to claim the ICC U19 World Cup for a record fourth time.
Electing to bat first, Australia lost their top three batsmen with just 59 runs on the board during the final at the Bay Oval Stadium after Bengal pacer Ishan Porel took two wickets early on.
Porel, who hails from Chandannagar -- a town in Howrah district -- claimed the wickets of Australian openers Max Bryant (14) and Jack Edwards (28).
India became the first nation to win the ICC U19 World Cup four times. They had earlier won the title in 2000, 2008 and 2012.
A $1,000 reward has been offered by community activist Andrew Holmes in hopes that it will lead to the arrest and conviction of the gunman who killed a city worker.Streets and Sanitation worker Terrell Jones was a passenger in a car on the South Side, near 50th Street and Ashland Avenue, Saturday night when two men got out of a dark-colored SUV and started shooting.The driver, a 27-year-old-man, sustained a graze injury to the right hand. Jones sustained multiple gunshot wounds. The victims drove to the 7th District Police Station on 63rd Street for help and were transported to Stroger Hospital, where Jones was pronounced dead.Police believe Jones, a father of three, was on their way home at the time of the incident.Police are encouraging anyone with information about the shooting to call the confidential tip line: 1-800-U-TELL-US (1-800-883-5587).
Staff at one of China's internet addiction clinics have been arrested after a teenager sent there for rehabilitation was found dead after 48 hours.
The 18-year-old was sent to the camp at the turn of the month by their parents who were in despair at the amount of time they were spending online. The center in in Fuyang city claims to use "psychological counseling and physical training" to wean Middle Kingdom netheads off cyberspace and lure them back into the offline world.
However, after two days in the facility, their parents were called and told that they had been taken to hospital, it is reported. They died in the ward, and doctors said they found over 20 external injuries on their body and some internal injuries, too, it is alleged.
"My son's body was completely covered with scars, from top to toe... When I sent my son to the center they were still fine, how could they have died within 48 hours?" their mother, with the surname Liu, was quoted as saying in Anhui Shangbao, the BBC reports.
According to the state broadcaster CCTV, the center has now been shut down and the director and four staff members have been taken into custody. An investigation into the youngster's death is ongoing.
The case has highlighted the continuing difficulties the Chinese authorities are having battling internet-hooked citizens. The government has tried to recruit parents to the fight by giving them the power to instruct ISPs to limit access to certain times.
Over the past few years, both government-run and private internet addiction boot camps have sprouted to meet the demand from anxious moms and pops looking to drive their kids offline. Approaches on this vary from physical exercise and counseling to electro-shock conditioning.
Alternatively, parents could just chill out a bit. After all, it's not as though Linus Torvalds, Mark Zuckerberg, or Larry Page would have had the careers they have if they were forced to take time out from the computer and go outside for some fresh air. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Nia Vardalos has split from their husband Ian Gomez.
The 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' actor confirmed they and the 52-year-old actor - who married in 1993 and have 11-year-old daughter Ilaria together - went their separate ways some time ago after their relationship because more like a friendship.
They said in a joint statement: "We've been respectfully separated for a lengthy period of time.
"Our relationship became a friendship so the decision to end the marriage is completely mutual and amicable.
"It is our hope that decency will prevail on the reporting of this story which will soon be yesterday's news. Thank you for respecting our privacy."
Their statement came after it was revealed on Tuesday (07.03.18) that Nia had filed for divorce citing irreconcilable differences and listed their separation date as over a year ago, July 29, 2017.
According to documents obtained by The Blast, they are seeking joint legal and physical custody of their daughter, who they adopted in 2008.
The actor also asked that spousal support to be "determined in mediation".
The former couple have worked on a number of projects together in the past, including 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' in 2002 and the movie's 2016 sequel, and Nia's 2009 directorial debut, 'I Hate Valentine's Day'.
They also co-hosted the first two series of cooking competition 'The Great American Baking Show', from 2015 to 2017.
Re: Stop aggressive driving, Editorial, June 12
Stop aggressive driving, Editorial, June 12
I find it interesting that you cite an American study where 80 per cent of drivers admits to aggressive driving. I don't doubt that that number is realistic, but I don't hear anyone calling out the 20 per cent who seem to be causing the aggressive driving.
Having spent 30 years commuting, I have seen lane discipline get worse over the years. A driver with good lane discipline will keep to the right unless passing. It eases traffic turbulence and is, in fact, the law.
I have seen these left- (and now centre-) lane bandits cruising at 90 km/h and less, in ideal traffic conditions, backing up traffic and raising the stress and, consequently, the danger to those around them.
(Yonhap)
The assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong-nam, is likely to have a minimal impact on the South Korean stock market.Lee Kyung-min, a researcher working for Daishin Securities, said to local media, “Kim Jong-un's aggressive action may shrink the investor's confidence, but the effect will be limited, since Kim Jong-nam did not have a specific role in the relationship among the two Koreas and China.”Although investor confidence may drop due to potential domestic upheavals that could take place within North Korean society, unlike previous provocations by Kim Jong-un aimed at the outside world, its substantive effect will still be narrow.Kim Jung-sik, professor of economics at Yonsei University, said, “The impact that the incident will have on the stock market is quite questionable.” They added, “If the situations within North Korea worsen, it will become an issue that cannot be ignored. However, if it settles as a single-shot event, many predict that other issues such as the possible increase in the US federal funds rate in March will have a larger impact on the market.”Meanwhile, the news of the assassination brought noticeable changes to the defense industry.Stocks of Victek rose by 1.35 percent while the Kosdaq market closed with a 0.72 percent increase overall. The benchmark Kospi also showed an increase of 0.45 percent, and its defense-related stocks increased by a greater margin: Hanwha Techwin by 1.83 percent, Korea Aerospace Industries by 1.25 percent and Poongsan by 0.97 percent.By Yim Ji-min (jiminy@heraldcorp.com)
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany — Lindsey Vonn edged Italian rival Sofia Goggia by two hundredths of a second in a women's World Cup downhill on Saturday for their 80th career victory.
The American standout trailed Goggia by 0.08 at the last split time but overcame the deficit in the final section. Cornelia Huetter of Austria was 0.13 behind in third.
Vonn and Goggia, the only racers with more than one downhill victory this season, are the main favourites for gold at the Olympic downhill in Pyeongchang on Feb. 21.
Shortly after Vonn's run, their American teammate Jacqueline Wiles suffered unknown injuries in a crash and had to be transported off the hill by helicopter.
UPDATED: Wednesday, June 14, 4 p.m.
AGUANGA — Two Anza residents died when a vehicle they were in lost control, hit a large boulder and flipped, end-over-end, before landing on its roof Tuesday, June 13. The crash went un-noticed until later in the morning when someone spotted the wrecked vehicle off SR-371, just east of Lakeshore Boulevard in the unincorporated community of Anza.
Coroner officials later identified the victims as 28-Year-old, Jonathan Barksdale and 26-year-old, Jacob Szymanski.
California Highway Patrol and Cal Fire/Riverside County Fire officials responded to the scene just after 7 a.m., after a passing motorist noticed the blue, 2007 Ford Mustang upside-down in a field, north of SR-371.
When they arrived, firefighter/paramedics quickly determined both men had been ejected from the vehicle. Both sustained major, traumatic injuries and had already succumbed to their injuries. Paramedics pronounced the victims dead at 7:10 a.m.
CHP officers investigated the accident and determined the collision happened sometime in the “early-morning hours.”
Their investigation revealed Barksdale was driving the Mustang eastbound on SR-371 just east of Lakeshore Boulevard “at a high rate of speed,” CHP Public Information Officer Mike Lassig explained.
In spite of a sweeping curve in the roadway and a posted 50 mph precautionary road sign, Barksdale “failed to properly negotiate the curve in the roadway, crossed over the opposing westbound traffic lane and traveled off of the north roadway edge of SR-371,” said Lassig.
After leaving the northern edge of SR-371 the Mustang continued, out of control, “where it collided with a large boulder approximately twenty-five feet from the roadway,” Lassig explained. The impact “caused the Mustang to vault into the air.”
Both men were ejected before the vehicle came crashing down on its roof, upside down.
Officials have not yet determined what time the crash actually happened, pending further investigation.
Alcohol or drug intoxication have not been ruled out, pending toxicology results.
CHP's investigation into the accident is active and ongoing.
UPDATED: June 14, 7:10 a.m.
Two people killed in a crash near Anza have been identified by the Riverside County Coroner's Office as Jonathan Barksdale, 28, and Jacob Szymanski, 26, both were Anza residents.
The two died when they vehicle they were in lost control off Highway 371, just east of Lakeshore Boulevard.
Original Story:
Trevor Montgomery
valleystaff@reedermedia.com
AGUANGA — Two Anza residents died when a vehicle they were in lost control, hit a large boulder and flipped before landing on its roof Tuesday, June 13. The crash was not noticed until later in the morning when someone spotted the wrecked vehicle off Highway 371, just east of Lakeshore Boulevard in the unincorporated community of Anza.
Officials have not released the names of the 26 and 28-year-old victims, pending notification of their families.
California Highway Patrol and Cal Fire/Riverside County Fire officials responded to the scene just after 7 a.m., after a passing motorist noticed the 2007 Ford Mustang upside-down in a field, north of Highway 371.
When they arrived, firefighter/paramedics quickly determined both men had sustained major, traumatic injuries and had already succumbed to their injuries. Paramedics pronounced both victims dead at 7:10 a.m.
CHP officers investigated the accident and determined the collision happened sometime in the “early-morning hours.”
Their investigation revealed the 28-year-old male driver was driving the Mustang eastbound on SR-371 just east of Lakeshore Boulevard “at a high rate of speed,” CHP Pubic Information Officer Mike Lassig explained.
In spite of a sweeping curve in the roadway and a posted 50 mph precautionary road sign, the driver “failed to properly negotiate the curve in the roadway, crossed over the opposing westbound traffic lane and traveled off of the north roadway edge of SR-371,” said Lassig.
After leaving the northern edge of SR-371 the Mustang continued, out of control, “where it collided with a large boulder approximately twenty-five feet from the roadway,” Lassig explained. The impact “caused the Mustang to vault into the air” before crashing down on its roof, upside down.
Officials have not yet determined what time the crash actually happened, pending further investigation.
CHP's investigation into the accident is active and ongoing.
A A A
Soup Nazi-inspired company Soupman Inc. files for bankruptcy
FILE - In this 1997 file photo, Al Yeganeh poses for a photograph outside their business, Soup Kitchen International, in New York. The company that sells soup made with Yeganeh's recipes has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges of cheating the government out of employment-related taxes. Yeganeh was the inspiration for the "Soup Nazi" character on "Seinfeld" (AP Photo/Michael Schmelling, File) FILE - In this 1997 file photo, Al Yeganeh poses for a photograph outside their business, Soup Kitchen International, in New York. The company that sells soup made with Yeganeh's recipes has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges of cheating the government out of employment-related taxes. Yeganeh was the inspiration for the "Soup Nazi" character on "Seinfeld" (AP Photo/Michael Schmelling, File) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — A company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on "Seinfeld" has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges they cheated the government out of employment-related taxes.
Soupman Inc., based in Staten Island, sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. Yeganeh and their soup stand were the inspirations behind the "Seinfeld" television show character, who shouted the catchphrase "No soup for you!"
The company's CEO, Jamie Karson, said Tuesday that "the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection." Karson said its products, including jambalaya, lobster bisque and chicken gumbo, would still be available in stores.
Last month, CFO Robert Bertrand was charged in Brooklyn federal court with failing to pay Medicare, Social Security and federal income taxes for company employees. The government said they paid employees unreported cash and gave some workers large unreported stock awards from 2010 through 2014.
According to the indictment, the total estimated tax loss to the Internal Revenue Service was $593,000. Bertrand, of Norwalk, Connecticut, has pleaded not guilty and has been released on $50,000 bail.
The Downtown East Side Women's Memorial March is an annual event that coincides with Valentine's Day, but celebrates a pressing social issue in Canadian society.
February 14, in this light, is a day to remember and a call to action for the 4,000 missing and murdered indigenous women in Canada. Ahead of this day, which is celebrated throughout the nation, SFU students Maddi Grier and Matt Provost, in collaboration with the Indigenous Student Centre, SFPIRG (Simon Fraser Public Interest Group), and FNSA (First Nations Student Association) organised and hosted the first ever Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women (MMIW) Awareness Week at SFU. Events ran from February 6 through February 10.
The MMIW Awareness Week highlighted the systematic discrimination and inequality that victimizes aboriginal women, subjecting them to injustice and violence.
Maddi Grier, speaking to the motive behind organising this week, said, “This event was created so we could give the ones who have been taken from us a voice. We wanted to show [that] even though they are not here, they are not forgotten. We wanted to create a bridge to awareness among the SFU community.”
No single event could mobilize or bring awareness on such a pressing concern, and therefore, a week-long celebration with varying events was organised in order to allow SFU students to take part.
Students were able to participate by lighting a candle near the vigil placed in Convocation Mall. “People could stop there at any time during the week, read the banner, zines, and broadcloth explanation, while lighting a candle in remembrance, to honour the girls, women, and the two-spirited peoples of the Indigenous community,” detailed Grier.
“We also hosted a discussion forum on February 9, where people were invited to sit and talk with us about the issues that brought us to 4,000 MMIW — from historical impacts to modern media stigmatizations,” they explained.
Within Canada, missing Indigenous women represent 16% of homicide cases and 11.3% of missing women, while Indigenous women make up only 4.3% of the female population.
Indigenous women are subjected to intersectional oppression and discrimination and continue to be neglected. Despite the declining crime rate in Canada, Indigenous peoples, especially women, are persecuted to alarming proportions of crime and violence.
“This is not an easy topic to talk about, and I think that is, maybe, why it's ignored.”– Maddi Grier
On the last day of the awareness week, February 10, the documentary Finding Dawn which investigated the many Indigenous women, missing and murdered in BC, was screened, followed by a march around the Burnaby campus. “We ended the march with a prayer and moment of silence in front of the vigil, and hung the tied broadcloth offerings across the trees, while honouring the Indigenous traditions and protocols.” said Grier.
There was a mixed response to the MMIW Awareness Week throughout SFU, however. “We had trouble throughout the week, as there were various issues that had showed the ignorance on campus still exists. [. . .] For one incident, the broadcloth offerings that were placed around the campus were ripped; this is incredibly disrespectful in our culture,” said Grier.
On the other hand, the people that attended the events showed engagement and support as they expressed their dearth of awareness and relevancy of the MMIW, even today. “Some of them continuously expressed their concerns about how it happens in their backyard in Vancouver.”
The march, at the end of the week, was the most effective and impactful. The SFU community could have actively participated or chosen not to in the other events, but the march could not have been ignored. Grier stressed, “The March was very evident as we marched with our drums in front of everyone. It was a very powerful act that we decided to do.
“It only takes a small amount of people to do something that is meaningful, and with proceeding to do the march, I think we affected a lot individuals. We are present and [. . .] this is an issue that cannot be ignored any longer than it already has been,” they elaborated.
One of the first Indigenous awareness weeks at SFU, the MMIW Awareness Week charged a successful campaign to emphasize this struggle. “SFU should show more initiative towards Indigenous issues. It would benefit the university due to its large Indigenous population, and as Indigenous students, we would feel the university's support as well,” stated Grier.
The MMIW Awareness Week was a success due to the collaboration among volunteers and groups such as the FNSA, ISC, and SFPIRG. “This is not an easy topic to talk about, and I think that is, maybe, why it's ignored,” said Grier.
Speaking to the SFU community, they further said, “It is about breaking down barriers, stereotypes, and stigmatizations that Indigenous people face. It shouldn't take an Indigenous person you know personally to go missing for you to take action.”
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Pagani has decided that Valentine's Day would be the perfect time to reveal its latest Huayra to the world. (Smart move considering that it's one of the most beautiful cars ever created.)
This is the Pagani Huayra Roadster, and it's taken seven years to get here. While the coupe was launched in 2011, it seems that development of the Roadster kicked off back in 2010. Now in 2017, you can see the results of all of that work and planning and it's magnificent.
The engineers for Pagani utilized the Huayra BC as the development vehicle for the production of the roadster. That car was tested on roads and racing circuits all over the world, and it resulted in a machine that is capable of hitting a wild 1.8g of lateral acceleration on street-legal tires. Now the efforts plied into the BC will make the roadster endlessly appealing and wildly capable.
ALSO SEE: Here's your chance to buy the worlds only road-legal Ferrari FXX
All that time was well-spent, considering that the roadster is actually lighter than the coupe. A pair of materials called Carbo-Titanium and Carbo-Triax HP52 are used to drop the weight while also increasing stiffness. In fact, the roadster is 52 percent stiffer than the coupe while it manages to tip the scales at 176 pounds lighter than the coupe. The total weight for the roadster clocks in at a bit over 2,800 pounds.
That's not a lot of mass for the massive engine to push around. Out back, a Mercedes-AMG sourced M158 engine. It's a twin-turbocharged 6.0-liter V-12 that Mercedes-AMG specifically builds for Pagani vehicles. In the roadster it produces 764 horsepower and around 740 pound-feet of torque, and all of that twist is available as low as 2,400 rpm.
Backing up that beastly engine is a new 7-speed automated manual gearbox built by X-Track. Some weight was shed here as well, X-Track said the unit is 40 percent lighter than the standard dual-clutch gearbox.
CHECK OUT: Ford GT passes the Water and Splash Test
A car like this needs fantastically competent brakes and suspension—check and check. Pagani employed a lightweight aluminum alloy for its gorgeous-looking suspension that also cuts weight in the vehicle. For the stoppers, Pagani worked with Brembo for a set of 15 inches rotors front and rear. The carbon ceramic units are clamped down upon by six-piston calipers up front and four-piston units out back.
Each corner also features massive forged alloy wheels with 20-inch rollers under the nose and 21-inch units out back. They come shod in Pirelli P Zero Corsa tires or super sticky P Zero Trofeo R rollers.
Pagani Huayra Roadster Enlarge Photo
As beautiful as it is on the outside, there's plenty of lovely to be found in the cockpit. Pagani builds rolling works of art and the Huayra Roadster is the latest. For top-up driving, Pagani offers a pair of roofs that can be fitted to the car. One is built out of carbon fiber and the other is a fabric roof that can be stored inside the car, which would be useful when instances of undesired weather spring up.
Pagani would sell this Huayra Roadster to you if you could find the $2.5 million it's going to cost. But actually, they wouldn't because all of the 100 examples that will be built have already been spoken for.
The South Australian government has contracted a solar thermal power plant to provide all of the government's energy needs.
A proposed solar thermal power plant in South Australia's mid-north has been contracted to supply all the state government's power needs.
Work on the $650 million SolarReserve facility will start in 2018, creating 650 construction jobs and 50 ongoing positions.
The state government says the 150 megawatt plant, to be ready in 2020, will be the biggest of its kind in the world and will dispatch energy to the grid even when the sun isn't shining.
CLAIM
CIA Deputy Director Gina Haspel has a warrant for their arrest in Germany.
False
RATING
False
ORIGIN
The Trump administration has had its share of embattled nominees, but President Donald Trump's pick to head the Central Intelligence Agency in March 2018 is controversial even by those standards.
Trump nominated the agency's deputy director, Gina Haspel, on 13 March 2018. But their record has come under question both in the U.S. and abroad because of their service while stationed at a secret CIA facility in 2002, leading to allegations that they committed war crimes (with commentary appearing, naturally, in meme form):
A human rights advocacy group — the European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR) — has called for Haspel to be taken into custody if they travel to the continent. The group has petitioned federal prosecutors in Germany since 2014 to issue a warrant, saying:
Those who commit, order or allow torture should be brought before a court – this is especially true for senior officials from powerful nations. The prosecutor must, under the principle of universal jurisdiction, open investigations, secure evidence and seek an arrest warrant. If the deputy director travels to Germany or Europe, they must be arrested.
Andreas Schüller, director of the group's International Crimes and Accountability Program, has said that ECCHR does not expect that Haspel will actually face a warrant; its goal, they said, is that German officials recognize Haspel's alleged actions:
If you allow them to come here, you are making a clear political decision that you prioritize that over your obligations under the Convention Against Torture… They can't say they didn't know who was coming here.
Haspel, who first joined the agency in 1985 during President Ronald Reagan's administration, was reportedly in charge of a secret “black site” prison in Thailand at which a prisoner and terror suspect, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, was waterboarded. They also allegedly supported the destruction of videotapes in 2005 capturing waterboardings at the prison. (However, a report stating that they were in charge of the facility, code-named “Cat's Eye,” at the time another suspect, Abu Zubaydah, was tortured was retracted.)
The use of waterboarding — or “enhanced interrogation,” as officials called it at the time — was banned in 2009 by President Barack Obama. Five years later, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released a report criticizing the practice. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-California), who was the committee chair at the time, wrote in the foreword to the report:
CIA personnel, aided by two outside contractors, decided to initiate a program of indefinite secret detention and the use of brutal interrogation techniques in violation of U.S. law, treaty obligations, and our values.
In March 2018, Feinstein called on the agency to declassify documents related to Haspel's role in the program:
As we move forward with the nomination process for Ms. Haspel, my fellow Senators and I must have the complete picture of Ms. Haspel's involvement in the program in order to fully and fairly review their record and qualifications. I also believe the American people deserve to know the actual role the person nominated to be the director of the CIA played in what I consider to be one of the darkest chapters in American history.
Two of Feinstein's GOP Senate colleagues, Rand Paul of Kentucky and John McCain of Arizona, have also called for Haspel to explain how involved they were with the agency's interrogation program while it was active.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
The town of Boring is located in the state of Oregon. Less than 8,000 folks live in Boring. Over in Scotland, you can fund the town of Dull, which is made up of a single string of houses and a population of less than 90 people. These towns need a bit of excitement to stir things up, and Jaguar decided to bring the party to the people in the form of its F-Type R sports car.
A pair of ladies in Dull and a pair of gents in Boring got the chance to sample the raucous F-Type R coupe on their local roads. The shape of the car, the sound of the engine, and the performance of the entire package certainly livened up each of the neighborhoods. Jaguar filmed the whole thing and produced the cheeky little video you see above.
CHECK OUT: 2018 Jaguar XE SV Project 8 heading to Pebble Beach
Creating excitement is pretty easy to do when you have more than 500 horsepower on tap. Then again, Jaguar could have given then any of the V-6 versions and they still would have had a ball. Early reports suggest that the 296-horsepower turbocharged 4--cylinder version is fun to drive as well.
So pretty much any F-Type out there should be more than capable of bringing excitement to both Dull and Boring. Now Jaguar needs to put the cars on a plane and ship them down to Bland, Australia. There's more work to be done.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Study Dealing with regulated data and applying strict controls to comply with GxP (e.g. Good Laboratory Practice, Good Clinical Practice, etc) and privacy in an R&D context is nothing new to the pharmaceutical industry and broader life sciences sector.
Over the past few years, though, those involved in designing, executing and interpreting the results of clinical trials, for example, have been working with more and more information sources. Meanwhile, expectations of flexibility and convenience throughout the research process have been rising, including in relation to information sharing and collaboration.
Against this background, we are interested in the views of those working in life sciences on how information needs are evolving, the kinds of challenges and opportunities that are emerging, and how well traditional systems are keeping up with demands and expectations. Or not, as the case may be...
Is this something you can help us with?
YES, LET'S GET CRACKING
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bologna, July 4 - A 45-year-old Italian man killed themselves by shooting themselves in the head with a 22-calibre pistol at Sasso Marconi near Bologna on Tuesday night, police said Wednesday. The man probably committed suicide because of money problems, police said.
Two taxis were seized by police after one was involved in a road collision and another arrived to collect the driver.
West Yorkshire Police Roads Policing Unit said the vehicle which crashed was believed to have no insurance.
Then a second private hire taxi which arrived at the scene was suspected of being un-taxed.
The tweeted a photograph of both vehicles strapped to the back of wagons on Bowling Back Lane, Bradford, before they were removed from the scene.
They said: "First private hire vehicle crashes into a wall, believed uninsured and no tax. Vehicle seized. Second private hire vehicle arrives to collect the first driver, also not taxed and also seized. Awaiting third vehicle."
Big Bash League 2016-17
Adelaide
Despite the best efforts of Sean Abbott – who avenged their mauling by Travis Head here last New Year – the Adelaide Strikers saw in 2017 in style by comfortably defending their modest total of 152 with an outstanding bowling display that gave them their first win of the Big Bash League in a match that was attended by 45,741 fans.
Abbott recorded just the fifth five-for in BBL history, and the competition's best figures since 2012, but Sixers' batting crumbled in a heap at Adelaide Oval to lose six wickets inside 25 runs as they were bowled out 104 in the 19th over.
The 2015 edition of this fixture – a quite extraordinary game – will be remembered longest for Head's assault on Abbott; 51 runs from 16 balls gave Strikers the unlikeliest victory and sent Adelaide into raptures.
It was a different story this time round. Abbott came on for the first time in the tenth over, with the Strikers – with Brad Hodge backing up Ben Dunk – 89 for 1 and cruising. With their fourth ball, Abbott made Dunk pick out short cover, then dismissed Hodge – caught well by the sprinting Johan Botha at cow corner – and that man Head, who Will Somerville dived athletically to catch at fine leg, in their next over. Next over, Jake Lehmann played all around Somerville – who cancelled a holiday celebrating their wedding anniversary to play – and the Strikers were suddenly and improbably at 102 for 5.
Abbott returned for two more overs of clever variations at the death – picking up the wickets of Chris Jordan and Tom Andrews, both skying – and their figures read 5 for 16. Perhaps their parsimony turned the game most: none of their four cost more than seven, they did not concede a boundary and half their deliveries were dots. Abbott's was a mighty contribution; alas it did not prove enough.
After a steady if unspectacular start (Jason Roy's reverse-slog-swept six aside) the Sixers lost a wicket in each of the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth overs – all of which were delivered by different bowlers – to lose five wickets for 12 runs.
The Sixers were under the pump and, as if to illustrate the point, when the fourth of those wickets fell (Brad Haddin treading on their stumps to the effortlessly awkward Billy Stanlake), Sam Billings was greeted by a slip, gully and short leg.
The trouble did not stop there. After two safe overs break, Botha cut Ben Laughlin – who had begun the rot with the wicket of Roy – straight to point, then Abbott prodded back to Liam O' Connor. At 64 for 7, it looked a good game to win for the Sixers. All this from a batting line-up that, bolstered by the return of Nic Maddinson – whose dismissal, caught at point, was perhaps the tamest of all – looked extremely strong.
Billings has just one more match for the Sixers before they join up with England in India but their three innings so far have seen them score 42, 40 and 40 more here. They were left to do the job alone and, after a ropey start in which they could have been caught, stumped or chopped on, it proved too much. That does not mean there wasn't time for some outrageous stroke play as the fireworks roared overhead – twice they swept seamers into the members' section, while there was a beautiful drive down the ground, too.
With 54 required from 19 balls (a situation not unlike Head's last year), it took a special moment from their mate Jordan to dislodge Billings, with a magical caught and bowled.
The Strikers should not have had enough runs to win this game. That they did was down to their varied bowling attack. Hodge used seven bowlers (three spin, four seam), and did not need to call upon Keiron Pollard until the 16th over of the innings.
The spinners flew through their overs, with O'Connor particularly impressive. Of the seamers, Jordan was excellent up top, and Stanlake's pace, bounce and tricky angle made them difficult to hit.
Laughlin, though, with their run and pace becoming ever shorter and slower, was the pick of the lot, conceding just 10 runs from their four.
If the Strikers continue to bowl like this, they could make another final, despite losing their opening two fixtures.—Agencies
If you want a partner who's bold, passionate, and knows exactly what they want in a relationship, try dating a Fire sign. As astrologer Amy Tripp tells Bustle, Fire signs — Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius — have tremendous energy, spirit, and enthusiasm. "They make the world come to life for them and those around them," they say. According to them and other astrologers, Fire signs have a few unique traits that make being in a relationship with them unlike anything else.
In general, Fire signs are self-motived, go-getters, who have a lot of faith in themselves. "Individualism and independence are important to them," Tripp says. "They usually need a great deal of freedom to express themselves and be their own person."
Their fiery nature also makes them act in "spontaneous and inspired ways" and their actions may be motived by instinct. That's why Tripp says they're known for being the more courageous signs among the entire zodiac. Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius are more likely to jump in and take risks than any of the other signs.
When it comes to relationships, Tripp says they usually don't have bad intentions going in. Compatibility issues aside, if one's Fire element is operating at a high level, they have a tendency to be hasty, impulsive, and self-centered. That can obviously cause problems in relationships. They might also come across as insensitive or too reckless for some, Tripp says. On the other hand, when their Fire element is operating at a low level, they can lack self-confidence and optimism. "Physical exercise can help one compsensate, as will spend time in the sun," they say.
Regardless, they still make really great partners. So here's what Fire signs do best in relationships, according to astrologers.
1 They're Bold And Will Take The Initiative To Ask You Out Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Fire signs are not ones to shy away from someone they like. According to Tripp, they're likely to make the first move because they like to act quickly. Keep in mind, they're not into game playing. So "old school" dating rules like waiting a few hours to text someone back to seem a little "cool" isn't something they'll respond well to. They're known for being direct, honest, and you won't have to guess what they're thinking. So when a Fire sign is into you, trust that they really like you. "Fire signs like to act fast but try to keep things at a simmer to avoid burning out," Tripp says.
2 They Don't Hold Onto Grudges Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Just like a fire can be quickly extinguished, Fire signs tend to get over things quickly," Tripp says. In other words, they don't hold grudges. Once something's been talked about and worked out, it's fairly unlikely that they'll bring it up again. Their ability to move past hardships in relationships and life make them really great in relationships.
3 If You Don't Know What You Want, They'll Help You Figure It Out In The Best Possible Way Andrew Zaeh for Bustle You can't talk about a Fire sign's good traits without talking about their passionate nature in bed. "Because they can tap into their desire they will be able to guide their partner on what brings them pleasure," Therese Tucker, psychic medium and intuition development teacher, tells Bustle. Again, there's no guessing with them. They know what they want and will tell you. Better yet, they'll show you. Besides that, Tucker also says they can be great teachers for their partners in this area as well. "They have the ability to naturally help their partner identify their own desires, which can extend past the bedroom and into the realm of their heart," they say.
4 They Don't Waste Any Time Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Unlike Earth signs who tend to move their relationships at an extremely slow pace (but will love you forever once they do!), Fire signs aren't like that. As Tucker says, moving forward to new stages in the relationship come easily for them. "All three signs have a taste for adventure, which can override menial doubts," they say. "This can be a great bonus if they are in a partnership with a more timid sign."
5 They Make Deep Heart-To-Heart Connections Ashley Batz/Bustle You might not think signs that like to move quickly take the time to make deep connections, but that's not entirely true for Fire signs. Having a deep "heart-to-heart connection" is easily possible with them, Tucker says, however each individual sign will approach this differently. For instance, if you're with an Aries, making a deep connection with them can be accessed when you're doing something new together like moving in or taking that next major step in your relationship. If you're with a Leo, you can make a deep connection with them by recognizing each other's strengths and doing some kind of gratitude practice together. For Sagittarius, a deep connection is easily achieved when time is spent "expanding the mind," through learning new things and exploring the world together.
6 They'll Push You To See Life In A Different Way Andrew Zaeh for Bustle As astrologer and life coach, Stephanie Gailing, MS, tells Bustle, each Fire sign brings that certain special something into your relationship so it's always interesting. "Aries will introduce you to new thing and their passion and excitement for life will inspire you," they say. If you're an over-thinker, they'll easily help you get out of your head and into reality by "firing up" your desire to get out and do something rather than think it over. Leos "lead with their heart," and are very generous, infusing the relationship with play and fun. "They will also help draw out your creative side," Gailing says. Finally, Sagittarius are adventurous. "They will help you to see the bigger picture, whether of a situation in the world or in your partnership itself," they say. "They will inspire you to live a larger life and experience larger horizons, whether in your thoughts or actually venturing out to see the world and learn from different cultures." In short, you'll never get bored.
CLAIM
A U.S. War Department film from the 1940s warns Americans that political rhetoric condemning minorities and foreigners is a precursor to fascist movements like Nazism.
TRUE
RATING
TRUE
ORIGIN
On 12 August 2017, in the aftermath of a so-called “Unite the Right” protest in Charlottesville, Virginia that ended in a fatal vehicular attack, Al Jazeera English posted a vintage short film that struck an instant chord with a new generation of viewers (and quickly went viral) by drawing explicit comparisons between homegrown political rhetoric condemning ethnic and religious minorities, and the rise of Nazism in Germany leading up to World War II.
The film is authentic. “Don't Be a Sucker” was produced by the U.S. Signal Corps and distributed by Paramount Pictures for viewing in civilian movie theaters in 1943 and again in 1947. This two-minute clip making the Twitter rounds captures the essence of its anti-fascist message:
1947 anti-fascist video made by US military to teach citizens how to avoid falling for people like Trump is relevant again. pic.twitter.com/vkTDD1Tplh — Michael (@OmanReagan) August 13, 2017
An analysis published in the Public Opinion Quarterly in 1951 notes that the character charged with supplying historical context in the film (see full video below) is a foreign refugee who recalls Germany's descent into totalitarianism under the Nazis:
An onlooker, noting Mike's initial agreement and their later dismay at being implicitly attacked, draws them aside and discusses the rabble-rouser with him. The newcomer introduces themselves as a refugee pro-fessor who saw the same things happen in Berlin. They warn Mike that such talk is always motivated by the speaker's desire for gain and that people like Mike never profit from discrimination. The refugee professor proceeds to draw the parallel between the present scene and Germany under Nazism. They describe a Nazi street speaker very much like the soap-box orator to whom Mike has been listening. In a flashback scene the Nazi speaker is seen haranguing a crowd. One by one the Nazi succeeds in isolating each minority group so that all are vulnerable. But, the narrator points out, the one who was really being swindled was Hans, a pure German according to Nazi standards. To them the Nazis promised everything and they believed them. In destroying the liberty of others they lost their own freedom and life.
Although it is dated and appears to modern eyes relatively simplistic in style and presentation, the film's message remains relevant. Hate groups still operate by trying to divide and conquer. “I thought Nazis were crazy people, stupid fanatics,” says the refugee professor in “Don't Be a Sucker”:
Unfortunately it was not so. They knew they were not strong enough to conquer a unified country, so they split Germany into small groups. They used prejudice as a practical weapon to cripple the nation.
For all that organizer Jason Kessler denied that they advocated white supremacy, they appeared pleased enough to describe the event as a “pro-white demonstration” (its avowed purpose, after all, being to protest the planned removal of a Confederate monument). One of the scheduled speakers, Richard Spencer, was already notorious for evoking Nazi slogans such as “Heil Hitler!” (“Hail Hitler!”) and “Sieg heil” (Hail victory!”) in a 2016 speech at a white nationalist conference in Washington, D.C.: “Hail Trump! Hail our people! Hail victory!” Spencer has unabashedly called for the establishment of a “white ethno-state” in North America.
Another invitee, David Duke, is a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
All three men, along with other groups and figureheads present at the Charlottesville event, have been unambiguously labeled white supremacists by the Anti-Defamation League, who characterized Unite the Right as “the largest and most violent gathering of white supremacists in decades.”
'The Epitome Of New York Cool': Letterman Biographer On Late Night Icon
David Letterman, one of the most famous people in America, is an enigma. Jason Zinoman's new book, Letterman: The Last Giant of Late Night, looks at the late night talk show host's long career and the impact it still has on broadcasting today.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A lawsuit over ownership of the Light City trademark has settled just weeks after the festival celebrated its second year in Baltimore, according to federal court filings. Details of the settlement were not immediately available Monday morning, when U.S. District Judge Ellen L. Hollander issued a settlement order dismissing the case, including all counterclaims. The city sought ...
The 2017 Cheyenne Old Settler's Quilt Show will be held Friday, April 21 from 9am-5pm and Saturday, April 22 from 8am-10am and open after the Parade until 4:30 pm. The Show will be held at the Baptist Family Center, located 2 blocks east of the 4-way stop. There will be one Peoples' Choice Award given at 3:30pm on Saturday. There will be also recognition given on hand-quilted and machine-quilted pieces.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Inverlochy Primary School did the double at the Lochaber Area Shinty Tournament last week.
The primary five-and-under team won their event, matching the achievement of the school's P7-and-under side which won its category two weeks ago.
In the round robin format, Inverlochy beat the other five teams taking part: Ardnamurchan, Ballachulish, Lochaber (Spean Bridge and Roy Bridge), Bun Sgoil Ghaidhlig Loch Aber and Caol.
Caol Primary and Bun Sgoil Ghaidhlig Loch Aber tied on points for second place on the night, which resulted in a tense, five-minute play off. Both teams pulled out all the stops but the Gaelic pupils eventually won to secure second place.
The night was organised by High Life Highland's Active Schools Co-ordinator Bridget Thomas, in conjunction with all the primary school shinty coaches and parents who helped on the night.
THERE was nothing subtle about the pre-match songlist played over the PA system before Sheffield United's homecoming party.
Not only were the jubilant Blades fans treated to The Only Way is Up and Ain't No Stopping Us Now, but also a tune that has become de rigueur on such an occasion, Queen's We are the Champions.
Even someone who had spent the past fortnight in solitary confinement could not have failed to pick up on the fact Bramall Lane was about to welcome its first title-winning side in 35 years.
Even if they did, then what followed in a scintillating first half proved beyond doubt that United are a champion side.
Bradford City, who had won seven of their previous 10 games before yesterday, were simply blown away in front of the live Sky cameras.
Leon Clarke netted twice and Billy Sharp once as Chris Wilder's men produced a performance every bit as impressive as their relentless pursuit of promotion has been all season long.
The in-form strike duo may have got the goals, but this was a team display in every sense of the words.
From a three-man defence that has been the backbone of the South Yorkshire club's dominance of the third tier through to a midfield that possesses the right balance of trickery and endeavour, the Blades were simply too good for Stuart McCall's men.
It was a fitting way to mark a first home game since both promotion and the title had been secured.
No wonder thousands of jubilant Blades fans poured on to the field at full-time before then returning to the stands to witness a lap of honour by their heroes.
Sheffield United's Chris Basham during the pitch invasion at Bramall Lane. Picture: Nick Potts/PA
A party that has been six long years in coming was quickly in full swing as the champagne corks popped and Wilder was afforded their own ovation for masterminding next season's return to the Championship.
As for Bradford's dejected fans, they were understandably long gone by the time the home team re-emerged.
It had been a chastening end to an afternoon that had begun with genuine hopes of pipping Bolton Wanderers and Fleetwood Town to runners-up spot.
The admirable gesture of welcoming the title winners on to the field with a guard of honour was followed by a similarly accommodating stance from the Bantams once play got under way.
McCall's decision to start with a back three and charge the combination of Timothee Dieng and Josh Cullen with offering further protection backfired horribly.
Neither Dieng nor Cullen were able to get a grip on a Blades midfield that broke at will during the opening quarter.
The upshot was Wilder's men being two goals to the good before 20 minutes had elapsed.
Clarke opened the scoring, the in-form striker finishing with aplomb after a surging run from Jack O'Connell that included a neat exchange of passes with Mark Duffy.
Sharp doubled that advantage with their fifth goal in four meetings with City as a Blade after John Fleck had made an unopposed dart through midfield.
McCall had seen enough and immediately withdrew Dieng, sending on Alex Jones in the hope they could spark a revival.
City's Charlie Wyke did head wide just before the half-hour after being picked out by Mark Marshall.
But even the most optimistic among the 2,109 visiting fans housed in the lower tier behind the goal surely knew a side as buoyant as the hosts were never going to allow such an advantage to slip.
Sure enough, United netted for a third time shortly before half-time when Duffy and Sharp combined to create an opportunity that Clarke gratefully snaffled for their fifth goal in four appearances since returning from an ankle injury.
After that, the 66th meeting of these old Yorkshire foes was all about the likely size of United's winning margin.
In the end, no more goals materialised despite the Kop faithful spending the final 20 minutes imploring anyone in red and white to shoot once within even vague sight of goal.
Sharp was denied a second by, first, a Cullen block and then a smart save from Doyle, Chris Basham making a total hash of the rebound with the goal gaping.
This lack of scoring action didn't bother the home fans, who poured on to the field at full-time to hail a club record 28th victory of the season.
The challenge now is to add two more to that tally and bring up a century of points for the first time in United's history.
Sheffield United: Moore; Wright, Basham, O'Connell; Freeman, Fleck, Wright, Lafferty; Duffy (Carruthers 66); Clarke, Sharp. Unused substitutes: Long, McNulty, Done, Ebanks-Landell, O'Shea, Chapman.
Bradford City: Doyle; McArdle, Vincelot, Knight-Percival; Cullen; McMahon, Law, Dieng (Jones 22), Meredith; Marshall, Wyke. Unused substitutes: Darby, Sattelmaier, Toner, Clarke, Hiwula, Devine.
Referee: P Tierney (Lancashire).
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The Lasbela Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) have rejected the increase in POL prices terming it a cruel act by the present government.
The President, LCCI, Yakoob Karim said that over 11 percent rise in petroleum prices would result in a big increase all industrial inputs, making country's exports costlier, further losing precious export markets due to the inability of the exporters to compete for the neighbours in international markets.
Yakoob said the move will reduce the competitiveness of Pakistani goods in the international market and put the government's initiatives in reverse for boosting exports. They said that POL price increase will also add to the complexities of the agriculture sector which is already in a bad state-of-affairs because of water scarcity and high input cost.
They demanded of the government to withdraw recent huge hike in POL prices to avert huge economic losses and to win the trust of trade, industry and masses otherwise anti-government sentiments would rise
They said that oil prices in the international market are not rising at the ratio of what the government is increasing at home. “Why comparison just for POL prices, why not in all economic sectors? Exports of India, Bangladesh and Turkey have been crossed $268.6 billion, $34.14 billion and $ 150.2 billion respectively while Pakistan is running with just around $20 billion, they added.
Volkswagen Group Chief Digital Officer Johann Jungwirth sits inside a Volkswagen Sedric, a self-driving concept pod, while introducing the vehicle ahead of the Auto China 2018 at the Volkswagen Future Center Asia office in Beijing, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Auto China 2018, the global industry's biggest sales event, will start on Wednesday. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
Volkswagen Group Chief Digital Officer Johann Jungwirth sits inside a Volkswagen Sedric, a self-driving concept pod, while introducing the vehicle ahead of the Auto China 2018 at the Volkswagen Future Center Asia office in Beijing, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Auto China 2018, the global industry's biggest sales event, will start on Wednesday. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
BEIJING (AP) - Volkswagen and Nissan have unveiled electric cars designed for China at a Beijing auto show that highlights the growing importance of Chinese buyers for a technology seen as a key part of the global industry's future.
General Motors displayed five all-electric models Wednesday including a concept Buick SUV it says can go 600 kilometers (375 miles) on one charge. Ford and other brands showed off some of the dozens of electric SUVs, sedans and other models they say are planned for China.
Auto China 2018, the industry's biggest sales event this year, is overshadowed by mounting trade tensions between Beijing and U.S. President Donald Trump, who has threatened to hike tariffs on Chinese goods including automobiles in a dispute over technology policy.
The impact on automakers should be small, according to industry analysts, because exports amount to only a few thousand vehicles a year. Those include a GM SUV, the Envision, and Volvo Cars sedans made in China for export to the United States.
China accounted for half of last year's global electric car sales, boosted by subsidies and other prodding from communist leaders who want to make their country a center for the emerging technology.
"The Chinese market is key for the international auto industry and it is key to our success," VW CEO Herbert Diess said on Tuesday.
Volkswagen unveiled the E20X, an SUV that is the first model for SOL, an electric brand launched by the German automaker with a Chinese partner. The E20X, promising a 300-kilometer (185-mile) range on one charge, is aimed at the Chinese market's bargain-priced tiers, where demand is strongest.
GM, Ford, Daimler AG's Mercedes unit and other automakers also have announced ventures with local partners to develop models for China that deliver more range at lower prices.
On Wednesday, Nissan Motor Co. presented its Sylphy Zero Emission, which it said can go 338 kilometers (210 miles) on a charge. The Sylphy is based on Nissan's Leaf, a version of which is available in China but has sold poorly due to its relatively high price.
Automakers say they expect electrics to account for 35 to over 50 percent of their China sales by 2025.
First-quarter sales of electrics and gasoline-electric hybrids rose 154 percent over a year earlier to 143,000 units, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers. That compares with sales of just under 200,000 for all of last year in the United States, the No. 2 market.
That trend has been propelled by the ruling Communist Party's support for the technology. The party is shifting the financial burden to automakers with sales quotas that take effect next year and require them to earn credits by selling electrics or buy them from competitors.
That increases pressure to transform electrics into a mainstream product that competes on price and features.
Automakers also displayed dozens of gasoline-powered models from compact sedans to luxurious SUVs. Their popularity is paying for development of electrics, which aren't expected to become profitable for most producers until sometime in the next decade.
China's total sales of SUVs, sedans and minivans reached 24.7 million units last year, compared with 17.2 million for the United States.
SUVs are the industry's cash cow. First-quarter sales rose 11.3 percent over a year earlier to 2.6 million, or almost 45 percent of total auto sales, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
On Wednesday, Ford displayed its Mondeo Energi plug-in hybrid, its first electric model for China, which went on sale in March. Plans call for Ford and its luxury unit, Lincoln, to release 15 new electrified vehicles by 2025.
GM plans to launch 10 electrics or hybrids in China from through 2020.
VW is due to launch 15 electrics and hybrids in the next two to three years as part of a 10 billion euro ($12 billion) development plan announced in November.
Nissan says it will roll out 20 electrified models in China over the next five years.
New but fast-growing Chinese auto trail global rivals in traditional gasoline technology but industry analysts say the top Chinese brands are catching up in electrics, a market with no entrenched leaders.
BYD Auto, the biggest global electric brand by number sold, debuted two hybrid SUVs and an electric concept car.
The company, which manufactures electric buses at a California factory and exports battery-powered taxis to Europe, also displayed nine other hybrid and plug-in electric models.
Chery Automobile Co. showed a lineup that included two electric sedans, an SUV and a hatchback, all promising 250 to 400 kilometers (150 to 250 miles) on a charge. They include futuristic features such as internet-linked navigation and smartphone-style dashboard displays.
"Our focus is not just an EV that runs. It is excellent performance," Chery CEO Chen Anning said in an interview ahead of the show.
Electrics are likely to play a leading role as Chery develops plans announced last year to expand to Western Europe, said Chen. They said the company has yet to decide on a timeline.
Chery was China's biggest auto exporter last year, selling 108,000 gasoline-powered vehicles abroad, though mostly in developing markets such as Russia and Egypt.
"We do have a clear intention to bring an EV product as one of our initial offerings" in Europe, Chen said.
Ilham Aliyev: Restoration of Jojug Marjanli village is a historic event (UPDATE 3)
2017-06-14 20:21 | www.trend.az | 1
Details added (first version posted on 17:30)
Baku, Azerbaijan, June 14
Trend:
Today is the day of restoration of the Jojug Marjanli village, said Azerbaijan's President Ilham Aliyev during their visit to the village and meeting with Ogtay Haziyev's family members.
“Today is a significant day, historic day in the life of our country," noted President Aliyev. "Today is the day of restoration of the Jojug Marjanli village. I congratulate you and the all Azerbaijani people on this wonderful event. The restoration of the Jojug Marjanli village is a historic event.”
“You, as the people living in this village, know its history well. Now the whole Azerbaijan knows the history of the Jojug Marjanli village. The whole world knows Jojug Marjanli. This village has a special place in Azerbaijan's history. You are well aware that the Jojug Marjanli village was under the Armenian occupation only for a few months. The Armenian occupation forces completely destroyed the village and destroyed all the buildings in a few months," they said.
The president added that the village is a living proof of atrocities committed by Armenians.
They reminded that thanks to the successful military operation ‘Horadiz', held under the leadership of National Leader Heydar Aliyev in December 1993, more than 20 villages were liberated from the Armenian occupation, including the Jojug Marjanli village, and Horadiz settlement – today's Horadiz city.
“However, living here was risky, dangerous. Despite this, the Haziyevs lived here. In April of the previous year, when the Armenian military provocation was prevented, the Azerbaijani army conducted a successful counteroffensive operation and liberated thousands of hectares of Azerbaijani land. Thousands of hectares of Aghdere, Fuzuli, Jabrayil districts were liberated and today, the Azerbaijani army controls tens of thousands of hectares of land,” said the president.
The head of state noted that living safely in the Jojug Marjanli village became possible after the Lele Tepe height was reclaimed.
“In late last year, when I was in this region, on Lele Tepe, in the lands liberated from occupation, during my meeting with servicemen, I asked whether it is possible today to live in Jojug Marjanli in safety or not. I was told that this is possible,” said President Aliyev. “A relevant decree was signed in January this year, funds were allocated from the President's Reserve Fund and construction work started on March 20,”
They added that the construction work lasted only for two months – from March 20 to May 20.
“All this construction work was carried out in front of your eyes. This is indeed a historic event. A part of the village was restored during the two months. Fifty houses, a school, a mosque were built at the first stage,” noted the head of state.
A mosque looking like the Shusha mosque was built in Jojug Marjanli, said President Aliyev, adding that a road was built from Horadiz to Jojug Marjanli.
“Nearly 100, maybe even more houses will be built in the village in the next stage,” added the president.
President Aliyev said a medical center will be built and additional measures will be taken in order to create jobs in Jojug Marjanli.
“This is the history of the Jojug Marjanli village – a glorious history indeed. The village that suffered from occupation has been restored. Azerbaijan has liberated a part of its lands from occupants. This is really a historic event,” noted the president.
President Aliyev voiced confidence that the future of the Jojug Marjanli village will be successful and happy, and the village will revive even more after the return of its residents.
“Today we are on the eve of the Salvation Day. The Salvation Day is a turning point in modern history of Azerbaijan,” the president noted.
President Aliyev said stability was restored and development started in Azerbaijan as a result of return of National Leader Heydar Aliyev to power, adding today's Azerbaijan is a country standing out on a global scale.
President Aliyev said that today the Azerbaijani army is among the strong armies in the world and the April battles once again demonstrated that.
“We and the Azerbaijani public knew that. But the April battles clearly showed to the whole world and the enemy that today the Azerbaijani state is ready and capable to restore its territorial integrity,” added the president.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
#Repost @danawhite ・・・ Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone A post shared by Ricky (@ricky_martin) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:02am PST
Over the weekend, Keaton Jones took the internet by storm as their emotional speech went viral as they spoke the truth about the nonsense that goes behind bullying,
Jones tearfully goes through the list of things other kids have done to him, from physical bullying, such as pouring milk on them and throwing bread at them to emotional bullying like name-calling and making fun of their appearance. They plead for an answer to why the bullies are so mean and why anyone would enjoy being mean to another person.
The video has touched the hearts of millions and has garnered attention from celebrities all around the world as they voice their support of Keaton and the message that they are trying to send.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Who ever goes to this boy school ,If you pick on them you not even a bully YOU A STRAIGHT UP PUSSY ASS PUNK ASS BITCH .Like how you pick on somebody who can't defend them self ? THATS NOT GANGSTA ! If you have a parent or somebody big sis or big bro show your kids this video and show them why they should not bully others !!😡😡😡 👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽 A post shared by Cardi B Official IG (@iamcardib) on Dec 9, 2017 at 11:28pm PST
I #StandwithKeaton. Keaton baby, just know you're not alone. There are so many people who come out of bullying so much stronger and you will be one of them!! God bless you sweetheart. https://t.co/LdCAy2lDHu — Demi Lovato (@ddlovato) December 11, 2017
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Keaton, will you've my guest at the Premiere of #InfinityWar too? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have ever seen! Can't wait to meet you in person, pal. Forget those ignorant kids. One day, very soon, they are going to feel pretty stupid for this. https://t.co/BqJLxu25GN — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 11, 2017
ISLAMABAڈ: The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) on Wednesday sought assets details of nominated caretaker prime minister former CJP Justice (Retd) Nasirul Mulk and their family members.
The Commission directed to provide assets details within the three days after taking office.
The details would be provided on ECP's Form-B.
Earlier, Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and opposition leader Khursheed Shah had named former chief justice of Pakistan Justice (Retd) Nasirul Mulk as the caretaker Prime Minister.
The five-year term of the country's government and National Assembly ends on May 31, after which an interim prime minister and administration will take over.
As the government prepares to hand power over to caretaker administration, President Mamnoon Hussain approved July 25 date, which will see Pakistan's more than 100 million voters getting the opportunity to vote for both the national and provincial assemblies.
Justice Nasirul Mulk was born on August 17, 1950 in Mingora, Swat. They completed their degree of Bar-at-Law from Inner Temple London and was called to the Bar in 1977.
The now-retired Mulk practised as an Advocate in all fields of Law for more than 17 years until their elevation as a judge of the Peshawar High Court. They remained PHC chief justice for some time before their elevation as a judge of the Supreme Court.
 They are remembered for the way they conducted a contempt case against then prime minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.
BILZEN, Belgium, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Packaging specialist DS Smith has invested approximately €2.6 million in the injection moulding plant in Bilzen-Belgium. The investment includes the addition of four production lines and an increase in production capacity of nearly 50%. This new investment in the facility, allows Bilzen to continue to build the foundation for continued growth in the injection moulding products market for DS Smith Plastics.
“As a specialist in beverage crates and pallets, we increased our capacity in anticipation of expected customer and market growth. This is why we are investing in the newest generation of injection moulding machines. The investments will allow us to grow even further in other products for markets such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, agriculture, etc.,” explains Paul Baeyens, Managing Director of Plastics' Injection Moulding business segment.
Dowty Propellers, a manufacturer of aircraft propeller systems for civil and military applications, plans to build a new facility in the Gloucester, UK area. This follows a fire in February 2015 that destroyed its operating headquarters and blade manufacturing facility. It is expected that the new facility will be operational in 2019.
Two people were taken to Peterborough City Hospital after a lorry collided with pedestrians in The Causeway, Thorney.
The emergency services were called to The Causeway after 9pm last night.
The East of England Ambulance Service sent an ambulance officer, an ambulance crew and a Magpas rapid response vehicle.
A man believed to be in either their 40s or 50s was treated at the scene. They were conscious and breathing then taken to hospital with a suspected fractured arm.
Another patient was also taken to hospital with chest and abdomen pain, but the injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.
“The difference between the levels isn't the physicality,” said Wolfpack head coach Paul Rowley. “It's the pace of the game and the pace of people's thoughts. People think quicker, and it's more intense.”
For season two, which kicks off Sunday in England against the Leigh Centurions, competition isn't the issue. Last year's third-tier title earned Toronto a promotion to the Championship, where tougher opponents await. Leigh was relegated after spending 2017 in the top-tier Super League.
After each lopsided home victory, players would linger near the beer garden in Lamport Stadium's north end, signing autographs, posing for selfies, and working to make the rugby league team's brand stand out in a crowded sports marketplace.
In year one, the Toronto Wolfpack outscored regular-season opponents 916-157, so they couldn't sell much on-field drama to local sports fans.
“Toronto is obviously a city that loves its sports personalities, whether it's Josh Donaldson or DeMar DeRozan,” said Wolfpack executive Scott Lidbury. “We want to build those personalities in this market but… if you're rising up through the divisions you're naturally going to be looking to sign a suite of new players to compete in that new division.”
Wolfpack executives realize growing the club's marketing presence means establishing the personal connections between fans and a new set of key players.
But the off-season cost the club several of its biggest names. Last year's leading scorer, Craig Hall, joined Leigh in November, while the club abruptly dumped popular prop Fuifui Moimoi in mid-January, citing unspecified disciplinary issues.
Early in the off-season, the Wolfpack restocked its roster to compete with bigger, faster Championship teams. They signed Ashton Sims, who played with Fiji in last year's Rugby League World Cup, and added halfback Josh McCrone, who played 133 games in Australia's National Rugby League.
But two weeks ago the club released Moimoi, a former NRL star who retains a large cult following in Australia, along with veteran Ryan Bailey and new addition Jack Taylor. The team says the legal terms of the players' dismissals prevent them from discussing details, and confirm only that the trio were released after an “incident” during training camp in Portugal.
Moimoi has already signed with the Bradford and Bingley Bees, a small rugby union club in suburban Leeds. The Wolfpack have also moved on, adjusting their lineup to account for the key losses, then posting a 34-0 win over the Bradford Bulls in last Friday's pre-season friendly. (The Bulls, meanwhile, are a reverse image of the Wolfpack, having been in the Championship last season, but playing in League 1 last year.).
“It moves pretty quickly in sport. You don't have time to dwell,” Rowley said.
They added that the club is still in recruiting mode, even though few quality free agents remain unsigned. In the meantime, they say, the Wolfpack will depend heavily on McCrone, the NRL veteran who will captain the team with Sims as their assistant.
McCrone says the pair consulted each other before they both signed with the Wolfpack.
“It was probably too exciting not to take advantage of the opportunity they were putting in front of us,” McCrone told The Canadian Press. “So we both jumped at it.”
While McCrone describes Toronto as a “frontier,” Lidbury envisions the city becoming a key destination in a rapidly-transforming North American rugby landscape.
The Wolfpack's success as a start-up has prompted their England-based league to launch an expansion franchise in New York, with kickoff slated for 2019. Meanwhile, Major League Rugby, a seven-team circuit playing 15-a-side rugby union, launched in the U.S. in January. The Ontario Arrows, which arose from the Ontario Blues club program, will play a six-game exhibition schedule against MLR teams this spring.
Lidbury thinks rugby's rising profile — no matter which format — can help create more casual fans, among whom the Wolfpack hope to cultivate an avid following. In markets with a more deeply-entrenched rugby culture, where followers of rugby league and rugby union often form distinct camps, Lidbury thinks a similar effort might struggle. But North American fans drawn to rugby often aren't picky about the version of the sport they're watching. Lidbury sees an opportunity for the Wolfpack among fans not married to a specific rugby code.
“We want to establish Toronto as a centre of rugby excellence,” Lidbury said. “We don't feel like anyone is owning that space in North America.”
During their speech, Al Tayer played a film about the Autonomous Aerial Vehicle (AAV), which RTA is currently testing in cooperation with EHANG Company of China, the first ever-manned vehicle worldwide.
“The AAV on display at the World Government Summit is not just a model but it has really flown in Dubai skies. RTA will spare no effort to launch the AAV in July 2017.”
5 Levels
Video: Adrien Rabiot's nutmeg gives Lionel Messi a taste of their own medicine
Messi's performance in the match was disappointing as well.
@Th_King_slayer by Sankalp Srivastava Video 15 Feb 2017, 19:30 IST
Adrien Rabiot's sumptuous nutmeg on Messi last night. Oops! pic.twitter.com/eJRD7tRzZ4 — Liam Canning (@LiamPaulCanning) February 15, 2017
Nutmegs and Lionel Messi, a more than a decade-old romance which refuses to dwindle has now a new chapter in its book. Just last night, when Barcelona were getting humiliated at the Park de Princes by Paris Saint-Germain, the Argentine magician was outdone by a moment of magic from Adrien Rabiot.
In the 62nd minute of the match, when the hosts were already romping on their way to a 4-0 victory, the French midfielder and the Barcelona forward were contesting for a loose ball. With both of them running towards the ball, Rabiot pulled out a rabbit from the hat as they played a no-look pass to Matuidi through Messi's leg.
As if the 3-0 deficit at that time was not enough that the midfielder decided to rub salt in Messi's wound. The 29-year-old's performance in the match was fairly below the level of expectations everyone expects from him. For someone who was expected to define the outcome of the match, a rating of 4.5/10 in Sportskeeda's player ratings is subpar, to say the least.
Rabiot humiliated Messi with a no-look nutmeg
On the other hand, the 21-year-old French midfielder gave a belter of a performance and was the driving force behind majority of PSG's attacks. Along with Marco Veratti and Angel di Maria, they were one of the best players on the pitch which ensured their side humiliate Barcelona and gain a healthy advantage going into the second leg of the tie. While Di Maria scored a brace – a sumptuous free-kick in the first half and team's third goal – Draxler and Cavani were on the scoresheet as well.
The Catalan giants will have to register the biggest comeback in Champions League knockout history to qualify for the next round come March 9 at the Camp Nou.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Boscov
ASSOCIATED PRESS READING — Al Boscov was the ebullient public face of a department store chain they built from a single corner store in downtown Reading to a regional powerhouse with dozens of locations in seven states and more than $1 billion in annual sales.
After their death Friday at age 87, Boscov leaves behind a chain with devoted customers and a tremendous amount of civic goodwill. The retailer's footprint is expanding — albeit slowly — at a time when major national competitors like Macy's are shedding stores.
But the century-old company started by their father still faces strong and persistent headwinds that are buffeting the rest of the industry, and analysts say Boscov's long-term prospects are uncertain.
What seems more of a sure bet is that, at least for now, Boscov's will remain in the family.
“Building on their legacy, we will remain the largest family owned department store in the country,” current CEO Jim Boscov vowed in a statement announcing their uncle's death.
Few department stores have been more closely identified with their owners than Boscov's was with Al Boscov, a cheerful, hands-on executive who roamed the aisles of their stores, was intimately familiar with their merchandise and personally approved advertising circulars. Boscov was also known for their philanthropy and staunch support of urban revitalization.
Personable retailer
Boscov's survived partly because its leader was in tune with what their customers wanted and served them well, said Howard Davidowitz, chairperson of New Yorkbased retail consulting group Davidowitz & Associates. The chain offers excellent customer service, they said.
But there are larger forces that make Boscov's longterm survival as an independent, family-owned company a “longshot bet,” said Davidowitz, pointing to Belk, which, with more than 300 stores across the South, was the nation's largest family-owned department store chain before a private equity firm bought it in 2015.
Department stores as a whole have been severely affected by a drop in mall traffic and competition from the internet and brickand-mortar discounters. Macy's, Sears Holdings Corp.'s Sears and Kmart units, Kohl's and J.C. Penney have collectively shuttered hundreds of stores over the last few years.
More closures have already been announced so far in 2017, but analysts say retailers need to be even more aggressive. About 800 additional locations would need to shut down nationwide before department stores matched the per-store sales productivity they last achieved in 2006, before the economic downturn, according to real estate research firm Green Street Advisors. That's about 20 percent of all U.S. anchor store space.
“It's kind of a tough row to hoe. You're talking about a sector of the retail industry that is dramatically shrunken from a generation ago,” said Craig Johnson, president of Customer Growth Partners, a retail consultancy.
2018 Ford F-150 Enlarge Photo
When the new Ford F-150 was unveiled in 2015, it was the world's first aluminum pickup truck, an innovation that General Motors and Ram still haven't caught up with. Combined with a pair of twin-turbocharged V-6 engines, Ford's perennial best-seller pushed the art of the truck into an important new chapter.
Consider the 2018 Ford F-150 a key paragraph in that chapter. This truck takes the pioneering efforts of the 2015 model and addresses a shortcoming that's evolved over the past few years—a now old-fashioned 6-speed automatic—while improving on the style with a brutish new look inspired by its tougher big brother.
Super Duty style
The 2018 F-150's most obvious upgrade, of course, is how it looks. When it debuted in January, it was clear that there was a lot of the latest F-Series Super Duty in the new F-150's look—after the Super Duty borrowed the styling of the 2015 truck, of course—but the big truck's looks work better on the smaller truck's proportions. The Super Duty is tall and squarish, but adding the key details of its fascia—the so-called C-clamp headlights and the twin-bar grille—has the effect of widening the smaller F-150. A set of dual C-clamp taillight signatures tie the back end together.
But it's the way that Ford lets owners customize their trucks that make the 2018 stand out. Take the popular XLT in a SuperCrew—Ford speak for the big, four-door body—with the 3.5-liter, twin-turbocharged V-6. There are four separate grilles to choose from, including sporty mesh or black twin-bar, a chrome twin-bar, and the standard twin-bar. There are seven wheel options ranging from 17 to 20 inches in diameter, four side step options, and 13 exterior colors. And that's just one trim, in one body style, with one engine—the 2018 F-150 offers three body styles, three bed lengths, five engines (if you count the Raptor), and seven different trim levels (again, including the Raptor). In other words, there is an F-150 for any owner, from the blue-collar worker to the white-collar urban cowboy to the baja racer.
But while the exterior adopts the Super Duty's looks and adds an overwhelming dose of customization, the cabin doesn't fall into the trap of being too brutish or uncomfortable. In fact, taking a spin behind the wheel of the range-topping F-150 Limited—which was how I spent a fair chunk of my day of testing—furthers the notion that some American pickup trucks can stand toe-to-toe with traditional luxury sedans and crossovers.
Ford lathered the Limited in beautiful leather hides, while the fetching Navy Pier color scheme would look at home on the Mercedes-Benz E-Class Coupe. One of four new color schemes spread across the XLT Sport, Platinum, King Ranch, and Limited, Navy Pier's blue leather and pale, matte wood trims looks like something Ford should be selling in a Lincoln, let alone a pickup truck. Not only is the leather on the seats—where you'd most expect it—but it's on the dash, doors, and center console, which gets a special plaque on the top, just in case you forget what kind of F-150 you're driving. It looks and feels fantastic.
Though Apple co-founder Steve Jobs died six years ago, their outsized influence is certainly still felt. A recently surfaced video interview with the late CEO -- which based on their haircut seems to place them in the mid-1980s -- shows them sharing their views about best practices for hiring and what makes a great manager.
Up front, they say that the greatest employees are the ones who have the ability to manage themselves. But they can only do that if the leadership at the top is clear about what they want. “What leadership [is] having a vision, being able to articulate that so the people around you can understand it and getting a consensus on a common vision,” Jobs says.
Jobs goes on to explain that one of the most important jobs of someone in their position is recruiting new employees. They note that they aren't necessarily looking for someone who is an industry veteran, but rather someone who understands where technology is and where it could go in the future. They also recall a moment when as the company was growing, that they and others executives thought they needed “professional managers,” but that ultimately turned out to not be the case.
“We went out and hired a bunch of professional management [and] it didn't work at all. Most of them were bozos,” Jobs says with their characteristic brutal candor. “They knew how to manage, but they didn't know how to do anything. If you're a great person, why do you want to work for somebody that you can't learn anything from?”
Related: What the Creation of Apple's iPhone Teaches Us About Innovation
Ultimately, they note that the best team leaders are the ones that aren't angling for power's sake. “They are the great individual contributors who never, ever want to be a manager," Jobs says. "But decide they have to be a manager because no one else is going to be able to do as good a job as them.”
Do you agree with Jobs's assessment? Let us know in the comments and check out the full video below.
Mumbai: Iran's Fazel Atrachali on Wednesday became the first player in the history of Pro Kabaddi League to enter the 1 crore club after they were fetched by U Mumba, in the auctions here.
Intense bidding went for the defender, whose base price was set at Rs 20 lakhs, but in the end, U Mumba came out winners.
Fazel's Iranian counterpart Abozar went to Telugu Titans for Rs 76 lakhs, while Jang Kun Lee returned to Bengal Warriors, who exercised their Final Bid Match card to retain them for Rs 33 lakhs.
The auction for Indian players will take place later on Wednesday night.
On the big purchase, U Mumba team owner, Ronnie Screwvala said, "We wanted to be strong in defence. We had an extremely strong defence in season 1 and season 2 and that was part of the reason why we bargained for Fazal so fiercely. Fazal is someone who has played with us and we are quite happy to have them back. We wanted to be sure that we got who we wanted rather than going right till the end and then have to hastily pick a player. You need a minimum of two international players, instead, we picked three. We are happy to have the ex-Iranian coach Golan Raza as our coach and their insight helps us to pick international talents right in the beginning."
Fazel's said that they were very happy to be back to their second home U Mumba.
"I have immense respect for the U Mumba team because it is where it all began for me. The fact that I beat the record for the highest bid in Pro Kabaddi is truly an incredible feeling," they said.
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of All Parties Hurriyat Conference, Syed Ali Gilani, has said that Kashmiri children are the worst sufferers of India's illegal occupation of Jammu and Kashmir.
Syed Ali Gilani in a statement issued in Srinagar expressed deep grief over the death of a 10-year-old Musharraf Fayaz of Shopian.
Musharraf Fayaz was critically injured on January 25 after a shell exploded when the people were clearing the debris of a house destroyed by Indian troops with mortar shells and explosive material at Chaigund in Shopian. Musharraf Fayaz was shifted to Soura Institute of Medical Sciences in Srinagar where they succumbed to their injuries on Thursday.
“We are grieved over the sad incident,” Syed Ali Gilani said, extending their condolences to the grieved family. They said that the Indian forces had virtually turned occupied Kashmir into a battlefield. They said that the Kashmiri children were the worst sufferers of India's forcible occupation of Jammu and Kashmir.
Slamming New Delhi and its stooges in the occupied territory, the APHC Chairman said, killing, molestation and humiliation goes unabated and armed forces' personnel are not accountable for their heinous crimes.—KMS
Rihanna is known to be a little wild when turnt up and that's just what they were last night (December 31)
Ri Ri was celebrating New Year's Eve and it looked like they had a few. Someone at the event they were at captured a video of them taking someone's novelty light-up glasses and putting them on them face.
Netanyahu Says Palestinians Need To 'Come To Grips With This Reality'
Israel's prime minister said that Palestinians must "come to grips" with Jerusalem as Israel's capital. President Trump's declaration last week triggered protests in the Middle East.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Here are some signs of tension after the United States recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel - a security guard was attacked, Israelis found a tunnel leading from the Gaza Strip into Israel and the prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, told other world leaders to accept what the United States has said about Jerusalem. NPR's Peter Kenyon reports.
(CROSSTALK)
PETER KENYON, BYLINE: Israelis with grim faces gathered at the central bus station in Jerusalem Sunday afternoon as the police cordon went up. Police say a 24-year-old Palestinian from the West Bank was arrested for stabbing a security guard - the first such attack since Trump's announcement. The guard was reported to be in serious condition. Dozens of Israelis have been killed in seemingly random, lone wolf attacks in recent years. As large-scale protests were staged in many parts of the Muslim and Arab world, Prime Minister Netanyahu traveled to Brussels. European officials say the American move to recognize Jerusalem is likely to further diminish the chances of resolving a long-running Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
The Israeli prime minister says it opens the door for a U.S.-led peace effort. Sunday, Netanyahu sparred with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris. Macron criticized Trump's Jerusalem announcement and called on Netanyahu to halt new Jewish settlement construction as a good faith gesture. For their part, the Israeli leader said Jerusalem has always been the Israeli capital, adding, quote, "the sooner Palestinians come to grips with this reality, the sooner we will move towards peace." Netanyahu also fired back at one of their sharpest critics, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who had called Israel an oppressive occupation state.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU: I'm not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villagers in their native Turkey, who jails journalists, who helps Iran go around international sanctions and who helps terrorists, including in Gaza, kill innocent people. That is not the man who is going to lecture us.
KENYON: The Palestinian Authority is calling for protests to continue this week, leading up to what it hopes will be a huge protest in Ramallah on Friday. The Israel Defense Forces on Sunday announced the destruction of what it called a terror tunnel reaching from the central Gaza Strip into southern Israel. Officials say new technology has made it easier to detect tunnels, but the announcement reminded Israelis of the ongoing threat of attacks.
The Palestinians have also responded to Trump's announcement diplomatically, saying Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas will refuse to meet Vice President Mike Pence when they visit the region in the coming days. Peter Kenyon, NPR News, Jerusalem.
(SOUNDBITE OF FEVERKIN'S "CALENDAR PROJECT: JANUARY")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
HUDDERSFIELD, England — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years.
Wagner, their assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021.
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts, and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League.
However, the German-American said "the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one."
Animated "Fast and Furious" series coming to Netflix Enlarge Photo
Netflix will soon let fans of "The Fast and the Furious" franchise dive into an animated series.
But we won't see familiar characters in the new animated series. Instead, Netflix said in its announcement Monday that the series will revolve around Dominic Toretto's (Vin Diesel) teenage cousin, Tony Toretto. Per the streaming service, "Tony and their friends are recruited by a government agency to infiltrate an elite racing league serving as a front for a nefarious crime organization bent on world domination." Sounds like "Fast and Furious" to us, but we'll wait for more.
The series is part of an expanded agreement between Netflix and Dreamworks Animation, which has already produced exclusive content for the streaming service. As for the animation itself, the sole still image shows an animated muscle car and some sort of European-esque rally car flying through the air. Again, very "Fast and Furious."
As mentioned, it's yet another avenue the money-making franchise is expanding into. Plans for a spin-off film featuring The Rock and Jason Statham are in the works, "Fast and Furious 9" is scheduled to hit theaters in 2020, and "Fast and Furious Live" has kicked off real-life car stunts and action.
For the cartoon, fans will have to wait. Netflix listed the show as coming for 2019.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — On a night when Dirk Nowitzki inched closer to another NBA milestone, their Dallas teammates also took a collective step forward in what has been a mostly disappointing season.
Baby steps, for certain, but a definite move in the right direction for a team that went into the game with the worst record in the West.
Yogi Ferrell made consecutive 3-pointers to spark a big run at the start of the fourth quarter and the Mavericks beat the Sacramento Kings 106-99 on Saturday night to snap a five-game losing streak.
Nowitzki had 15 points and seven rebounds, Harrison Barnes scored 18 points and Dwight Powell added 17 points and nine rebounds to help Dallas win in Sacramento for the first time in nearly three years.
"We did a great job keeping our composure, battling," Barnes said. "A lot of times we have lost our poise but tonight we did a great job of really bearing down, keeping our composure, not getting rattled and playing through calls."
Nowitzki played 26 minutes and needs six more to become sixth player in NBA history to reach 50,000 for their career, joining a list that includes Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Karl Malone, Kevin Garnett, Jason Kidd and Elvin Hayes.
"We've been pretty good if we hold opponents under 100 points and they were well on their way to score way over," Nowitzki said. "It was a little too easy there at times. They had it going and finally in the fourth we picked it up a little bit."
The Mavericks trailed by as much as 10 in the second half and were down 85-81 heading into the fourth before opening the final period on a 16-0 run. Devin Harris followed Ferrell's back-to-back 3s with a pair of layups, including one off a midcourt steal. After Nowitzki connected from deep, Harris made a 3-pointer to put Dallas up 97-85.
Sacramento closed to 100-94 on a free throw by De'Aaron Fox with 2:45 remaining but Barnes made a driving one-handed dunk and a more traditional two-handed jam to help the Mavericks hold on.
"We were two steps slow most of the night," Kings coach Dave Joerger said. "Too many turnovers. We could create our own shots, but not at the rim. We just didn't knock some of them down. It's not enjoyable but we're trying."
© Joe Raedle
"This study concludes that overtreatment with antidepressants is very prevalent and that a considerable proportion of long-term use has no clinical justification," the authors write. "As such, this study aims to reduce inappropriate long-term antidepressant use in general practice."
"It is important to discuss how patients can use their own resources to cope with their problems; providing medication might be counterproductive, as medication use may disincentivize a patient to find non-pharmacological solutions, thereby diminishing patient empowerment in a context where regaining control is essential for recovery."
"Notwithstanding, it is felt that the first, and possibly most important, step to prevent inappropriate long-term use of antidepressant medication in primary care is to be more restrictive in prescribing antidepressant medication in the first place and make more use of alternative, non-pharmalogical treatments."
Researchers in the Netherlands, led by Dr. Rhona Eveleigh, investigated a tailored approach to withdrawing from longterm antidepressants prescribed inconsistently with clinical guidelines. Their results suggest that antidepressants are overprescribed and that once they are started it is difficult to discontinue their use. Research has demonstrated that. However, clinical practice has failed to reflect this research and antidepressants continue to be prescribed as a first-line treatment for mild to moderate depression. The question of how to withdraw from antidepressants when they have been prescribed inappropriately has become central to remediating overtreatment.The researchers evaluate the effectiveness of a recommendation to cease treatment with antidepressants by implementing an approach tailored to the patient and the psychiatric diagnosis. The aim of this study is driven by the high levels of problematic long-term antidepressant use, classified as "overtreatment."This usage is contraindicated explicitly by research recommending the limited duration of antidepressant use. Moreover, the authors write that the effectiveness of antidepressants is "questionable," with five out of every six users failing to experience benefits. They explain:This study was conducted across 45 general practices in the Netherlands between February of 2010 and March of 2013. Patients who had been using antidepressants for over nine months were identified by general practitioners. Those who did not meet criteria for a current psychiatric diagnosis, or another reason for continued use (e.g., chronic pain or neuropathic pain) were included.The sample consisted of 146 individuals who were randomly assigned to one of two groups: those that received a recommendation to discontinue antidepressants and those in the control group, who proceeded with their usual care. Patient characteristics were well balanced across the two groups.Recommendations to discontinue antidepressant use were rejected by 34 out of 70 participants (49%) by the patient themselves (14 cases, 41%), the general practitioner (1 case, 3%), as a shared decision (16 cases, 47%), and in the remaining cases, data were missing. Reasons cited were fear of recurrence, relapse after a previous attempt at discontinuation, the presence of psychological symptoms, wanting a second opinion, and other, non-specified reasons. However, it was not found that those who rejected this recommendation did so because of experiencing greater or lesser distress or depressive symptoms.Results demonstrated that, even given that 51% of those in this group accepted the recommendation to discontinue.In the control group, 8% of patients successfully discontinued merely because of spontaneous discontinuation. Successful discontinuation was defined by no antidepressant use for the preceding six months and no depressive or anxiety disorder during the one-year follow-up (as assessed by the Composite International Diagnostic Interview).Additionally, individuals who had received the recommendation to discontinue were more likely to relapse compared to individuals in the control group. Patients who were able to successfully discontinue did not differ from those who were unable to across demographic characteristics. However, they were more likely to have been taking antidepressants for a shorter duration before attempting discontinuation than their counterparts.Overall, many patients rejected the recommendation to discontinue, general practitioners tended to agree with this rejection, and those who did attempt to discontinue were mostly unsuccessful. Eveleigh and researchers suggest that these results demonstrate not only the inconsistency between guidelines and practice but the strong apprehension to discontinue antidepressant use across providers and patients alike.The authors cite other research which has found that patients fear to stop antidepressant treatment and lean toward a "better safe than sorry" approach. There is also evidence tying this tendency to the accompanying belief that their depression is chronic and merits life-long treatment.Eveleigh and co-authors conclude that recommendations to discontinue may be ineffective, and perhaps even counterproductive given the findings of this study. Instead,. They write:Additionally, in cases where discontinuation is recommended, they state that it "might be useful to forewarn patients about the difficulty of discontinuing and to encourage using antidepressants only for a limited period."****Eveleigh, R., Muskens, E., Lucassen, P., Verhaak, P., Spijker, J., van Weel, C., ... & Speckens, A. (2017). Withdrawal of unnecessary antidepressant medication: a randomised controlled trial in primary care. BJGP Open, BJGP-2017. (Link)
A A A
Vintage typewriters gain fans amid 'digital burnout'
By RUSSELL CONTRERAS
, Associated Press
In this April 23, 2017 photo, vintage typewriters are on display at a "type-in" in Albuquerque, N.M. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans test different vintage machines. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust in attics and basements across the country. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) In this April 23, 2017 photo, vintage typewriters are on display at a "type-in" in Albuquerque, N.M. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans test different vintage machines. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust in attics and basements across the country. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) In this Feb. 21, 2017 photo, Joe Van Cleave, who runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring typewriters, speaks about one of their vintage typewriters at their home in Albuquerque, N.M. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) In this Jan. 9, 2017, photo, John Lewis, a typewriter repairman, works at their shop in Albuquerque, N.M., in front of their collection of vintage typewriters. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust in attics and basements across the country. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) In this April 23, 2017 photo, Joe Van Cleave, left, and Rich Boucher, right, try out various vintage typewriters at a "type-in" in Albuquerque, N.M. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans test different vintage machines. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust in attics and basements across the country. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) In this April 23, 2017 photo, Andrea Kittle, of Albuquerque, N.M., tries out a vintage Smith Corona electric typewriter at a "type-in" in Albuquerque. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans test different vintage machines. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation of fans gravitating to machines that once gathered dust in attics and basements across the country. (AP Photo/Russell Contreras) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — Typewriter enthusiasts gather at an Albuquerque restaurant to experiment with vintage Smith Coronas. Fans in Boston kneel in a city square and type stories about their lives during a pro-immigration demonstration. A documentary on typewriters featuring Tom Hanks and musician John Mayer is set for release this summer.
In the age of smartphones, social media and hacking fears, vintage typewriters that once gathered dust in attics and basements are attracting a new generation of fans across the U.S.
From public "type-ins" at bars to street poets selling personalized, typewritten poems on the spot, typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores, online auction sites and antique shops. Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection. Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe — like a model author Ernest Hemingway used — to work on that simmering novel.
The rescued machines often need servicing, leading fans to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
"I haven't seen business like this in years," said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of their Albuquerque shop for four decades. "There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy."
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of "The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century." Since then, the fan base has grown dramatically, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
"It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad," Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
"That's part of the fun: the hunt," said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. "Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition."
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary "California Typewriter," said the interest stems from "digital burnout" and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, they said.
"Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand," Nichol said. "It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts."
In their film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said they use a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
"I hate getting email thank-yous from folks," Hanks says in the film. "Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email."
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them to people who show an interest.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized "type-ins" — meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher spent most of their time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry.
"I haven't used a typewriter in forever," they said. "This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon."
After finishing their work, Boucher grabbed their phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience. They then started looking online for a Hermes 3000.
"That's the typewriter I want," they said. "I'm going to find one."
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): A Fort Wayne-based brokerage company has spawned a new tech startup.
It's called JourneyGuide. The independent retirement income planning company is a spinoff from Ash Brokerage.
CEO Derek Trimble says the program has been one of Ash Brokerage's top priorities in recent years, telling Inside Indiana Business that some of Ash's partners have been “instrumental” in the company's software designs.
JourneyGuide's retirement planning software is focused on helping users learn about “guaranteed income streams” to help them prepare for retirement with more confidence.
You can learn more through this link.
ON STAGE: Actor Trevor Jamieson (front) stars in the Ilbijerri Theatre Company and Belvoir production of Coranderrk.
THE Wurundjeri people of Victoria, headed by cousins Simon Wonga and William Barak, created Coranderrk in 1859, located 50km north-east of Melbourne, it was the first ever self-managed reservation of Aboriginal people in the country.
Scottish preacher John Green and wife Mary founded the place with them, but there was something very different between the Greens and other Europeans: they believed the Wurundjeri people - and all aboriginal people - were equals to Europeans and deserved to be treated with respect.
The reservation was allowed by the Board of Protection (the cornerstone of paternalistic colonialism disguised as 'protection') and soon as their crops were a big success, the children were robust and happy, their women well dressed and elegant and the men smart and agile.
Soon after the Board of Protection took their earnings away, failed to deliver a hospital, and the workers went on strike.
A Parliamentary Inquiry in 1881 is the basis of Corranderk, the theatre play by Ilbijerri Theatre Company and Belvoir Theatre, coming to Lismore as part of the NORPA Season 2017.
Director Eva Grace Mullaly explains the 70-minute stage production tells the story using the words of the people who participated in the inquiry, verbatum.
"It's not made up, or dramatised, it's a verbatum work, that is astonishingly strong," they said.
"Most of the scenes are verbatum from the transcripts of the Coranderrk inquiry."
Four actors, lead by Trevor Jamieson, play around 20 different roles.
Not a challenging piece
Mullaly said East Coast audiences have clearly expressed a desire to understand more of Australian history.
"Audiences want these stories, and they want to learn, and they want to experience history."
The director said the piece is not one set to challenge race relations.
"This is not a challenging piece," they said.
"This is a historical piece.
"Western Australia (where Mullaly is from) did not pick up this piece to go on tour around their state, neither did Tasmania nor South Australia, and that says a lot about where are we at with race relations around the country.
"This is a tried and tested play that everyone has loved thus far."
Ilbijerri Theatre Company and Belvoir will bring their piece Coranderrk to Lismore. Tyson Mowarin
Their strategy
Eva Grace Mullay said the most surprising part of this story is the sophistication of the Wurundjeri people's strategy to win their land back.
"These people used the government's system and the constructs of Western society against Western society," they said.
"They didn't go in an aboriginal fashion to fix this, they used the Western law system to get what they wanted."
State of the Union: Better or Worse?
Trump made a strong case during their landmark speech that the State of the Union has been better under the past year of their Presidency than at any other time in recent memory, though their Democrat detractors say that it's never been more divided.
Trump heralded the nearly 2.5 million jobs that have been created since they took office and the higher wages that have lined Americans' pockets. On top of that, the largest and most comprehensive tax cuts in history will do a lot to help families and small businesses, they said. Speaking of the economy, Trump made a point to highlight that unemployment is at a 45-year low and that never before in the country's history have more African-Americans and Hispanics had a job. On top of all of this, the stock market is booming.
Rep. Joe Kennedy III from Massachusetts delivered the Democrats' response to Trump's speech and they clearly outlined an altogether different reality. Ignoring the objective facts that the President cited, the opposition figure chose instead to stress the Mainstream Media's perception of a country that has become unprecedentedly divided and at odds with its core values. While Trump powerfully said that "faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the center of American life", Kennedy shot back by saying that "their record is a rebuke of our highest American ideal: the belief that we are all worthy, we are all equal and we all count." While Trump laid the domestic foundations of their speech on verifiable figures, the Democrats chose to go with subjective emotions in promoting their message of "resistance".
Moving beyond the homeland, Trump's State of the Union speech also had an international component as well. The President predictably mouthed the National Security Strategy's talking points about Russia and China being America's rivals, and they seemed to imply a new "Axis of Evil" when they spoke about the "dictatorships" in North Korea, Iran, Cuba, and Venezuela. The man who introduced the mantra of "peace through strength" also lauded the contribution of the military to sustaining their country's global standing and accordingly asked Congress to end the defense sequester. Other important points that they made were to tell Americans that Guantanamo will indeed be staying open and that America will remain in Afghanistan until it wins the war.
To discuss this topic in further detail we linked up with American political commentator Chris Shipler.
Want to sound off and share what you think about this? Send us an email at radio@sputniknews.com or find us on Facebook!
Zubair Qureshi
Human Development Foundation (HDF) has joined the World Health Organization (WHO)on the eve of the World No Tobacco Day (May 30) and urged the government to prioritize tobacco control and reduce cardiovascular diseases that are the leading cause of death worldwide.
Manager Sustainable Environment, Human Development Foundation (HDF) Zahid Shafiq in a statement issued here on Wednesday said if swift action was not taken, tobacco use would claim almost 1 billion lives in the 21st century.
They called for adoption of policies by the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC)—world's first public health treaty—which obligates its 180 parties to implement these proven policies to reduce tobacco use.
According to Zahid Shafiq, tobacco use is the major cause of cardiovascular diseases and the second greatest contributing factor behind high blood pressure. Tobacco use harms some of the world's most vulnerable populations disproportionately. More than 80 percent of the world's smokers live in low and middle-income countries, where tobacco use harms are further exacerbated by a lack of access to health care.
Reducing tobacco use would dramatically reduce death toll from cardiovascular diseases. Proven measures to reduce tobacco use have significantly reduced health costs associated with tobacco around the world. These measures include increasing tobacco taxes, placing large pictorial warning labels on tobacco products, restricting tobacco advertising and bans on smoking in indoor public places, said Zahid Shafiq.
HDF understands the need to address the issue of tobacco control in Pakistan and hence is facilitating the Government to reduce tobacco consumption among kids. HDF aims to bring data, stories, and policy analysis from other countries as evidence for the Tobacco Control Cell and Ministry of Finance so that the prices and taxation on the tobacco production and distribution can be set up as per the standards of WHO FCTC.
President Aliyev receives OSCE Minsk Group co-chairs
2017-10-07 10:59 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 7
Trend:
President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev received the OSCE Minsk Group co-chairs, Igor Popov, Stephane Visconti and Andrew Schofer, as well as Personal Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office Andrzej Kasprzyk in Baku on October 7.
Story still developing
OPINION
A year ago, with the election of a US president who had fulminated against the international trade and financial systems, some analysts worried that the engine of global prosperity might soon be sputtering. But that's not what happened.The global economy has surged forward this year, significantly outperforming expectations. As the International Monetary Fund wrote in its latest world economic outlook, published in October: “The current upswing reaches more broadly than any in a decade -- roughly 75 percent of the world economy ... is sharing in the acceleration.”The IMF revised upward its forecast for the global economy, predicting 3.6 percent growth this year and 3.7 percent in 2018, powered by surging activity in Europe, Japan, China and America. The US will grow more slowly, at 2.2 percent this year and 2.3 percent in 2018, but that's better than 2016's anemic 1.5 percent.Goldman Sachs' forecasters are even more bullish. A November report, titled “As Good as It Gets,” offered this tonic for investors: “For the first time since 2010, the world economy is outperforming most predictions, and we expect this strength to continue.” Goldman projects 3.7 percent global growth this year and 4.0 in 2018.So why, you might ask, does the US need a tax cut amid this global surge? Good question. Many economists warn that by ballooning the deficit and creating an artificial “sugar high” in the US economy, the tax-cut legislation passed by the House and Senate would add little to US long-term growth and could actually make it worse.But let's stick with the mystery that's lurking in the upbeat numbers: Did this year's good economic news happen because of Donald Trump's presidency, or despite it?Trump's daily circus of anti-elitism during 2017 certainly looked like an attack on the global system: They scuttled the Trans-Pacific Partnership, threatened NAFTA and bad-mouthed trading partners Germany, Japan, South Korea and China. Yet global markets rolled forward, as if oblivious to the man in the White House who, figuratively speaking, was wielding a sledgehammer.Trump boosters would argue that they reinforced global economic confidence, despite their political antics. And it's certainly possible that financial markets were steadied, not disrupted, by the self-described billionaire who was ready to make deals to enhance the US position in the global economy.The reality is that financial markets are driven by investor psychology -- the raw, instinctive confidence that it's time to buy and invest. This was the central insight of economist John Maynard Keynes. In one of the most-quoted passages of their 1936 “General Theory,” Keynes argued that positive economic decisions “can only be taken as a result of animal spirits -- of a spontaneous urge to action rather than inaction.”Animal spirits are certainly roaring overseas. China inspires confidence as it shifts to a slightly slower but more sustainable pace. Emerging economies, generally, are thriving: Goldman forecasts that India will grow 8 percent next year, 1.5 points faster than China, and that emerging markets as a group will grow at 5.6 percent.A final reason for optimism is Europe's recovery from its near-death experience of the past decade. The IMF attributes the revival to strong exports, solid domestic demand and “accommodative financial conditions amid diminished political risk and policy uncertainty.” In other words, good policy and good luck. A recent blog posting by economist Simon Johnson was headlined: “A European Economic Miracle?”The weak spot is Britain, which appears to be paying a steep price for its post-Brexit retreat from Europe. The IMF said growth will fall this year to 1.7 percent (the IMF was predicting 2 percent back in April) and to 1.5 percent next year.Reading all this good news, there's a nagging sense that “we should not let a good recovery go to waste,” as IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde put it in a recent speech at Harvard. “Repair the roof while the sun is shining,” they urged.For the US, that means removing structural impediments to continued growth. US companies aren't investing in new plants and equipment at the same levels as some Asian and European competitors, and few economists think that's because of high taxes. One telling statistic: The US has been the worst at reducing inequality of all high-income countries, a recent Peterson Institute report noted. The new tax bill could make that problem worse.Boosting US demand by increasing workers' real wages would make this recovery as real and powerful at home as it seems to be abroad. If we're really talking about making America great again, rebuilding middle-class incomes is where to start.David Ignatius can be reached via Twitter: @IgnatiusPost. -- Ed.
Superchunk – What a Time to Be Alive
Punk died at precisely the moment it was injected with leftism.
At first the music attracted antisocial psychopaths with a penchant for pain and a fascistic fashion fetish. That genre – and the indie/alt-rock it spawned – jettisoned any trace of urgency or vitality once its sense of pitch-black humor was gone and the scolding about Sandinistas and handwringing over “White Noise Supremacists” began.
Fresh off the heels of releasing a charity single for the litigious Hate Scam artists at Southern Poverty Law Center, Superchunk serve up a vanilla, by-the-numbers punk/pop sonic temper tantrum aimed squarely at the current administration and its enablers. While the title track is impulsive and hooky, the song comes off more flaccid than furious.
The failure of “old men” to die off soon enough to suit these indie-craft, sweater-clad parents (“I Got Cut”) has them all itchy, discombobulated and incontinent. “Cloud of Hate” features singer Mac McCaughan hoping “you [White House Cabinet, Republican Congressmen] die scared.” And just in case the current Oval Office occupant does not properly alarm the listener, the specter of “Reagan Youth” is raised, so you know how truly scary the current political climate has become. Gee whiz! Sounds like sourpusses suffering through a punker midlife crisis. But I sure as hell don't miss the 1980s listening to these losers lamenting over the next seven years.
A popular meme making the rounds a year ago was “Donald Trump is going to make punk rock great again!” Well, the election of Trump (aka World's Greatest Comedian Ever) has made politics a thousand times more inspiring and electrifying than any punk rock produced this century.
Superchunk
What a Time to Be Alive
[Merge]
Monday, August 14, 2017
FLORIDA: Rare 1,000-year-old Calusa Indian artifacts, including pieces of wood, rope, and fishing net, were retrieved from a waterlogged midden located along the ancient shoreline in Pineland. The fishing net, likely fashioned from cabbage palm fiber, has some of its knots still attached. This allowed researchers to determine that its grid is around an inch wide. The deposit also contained clamshell weights and unburned seeds from a gourd-like squash, possibly all that remains of the attached gourds that once enabled the net to float. —Jason Urbanus
Rawalpindi
The Rawalpindi Cantonment Board (RCB) has purchased 10 mini-dumpers to improve its sanitation services, particularly in congested areas.
According to RCB spokesperson, Qaiser Mahmood, an amount of over Rs9.795 million has been spent for the purchase of new mini-dumpers. The measures have been taken to improve the cleanliness services in cantt areas.
The purchase of new vehicles would help eliminate the complaints of the residents about the poor sanitary arrangements of the cantonment board in some areas, they added.
They said the mini-dumpers will be deployed from February 10 in the over-populated areas and in congested localities where the heavy vehicles of the cantonment board cannot enter to collect garbage.
The approval to purchase mini-dumpers was taken in 2017-18 budget, they added.
They said sanitation services will be improved in Tench Bhatta, Dhoke Syedan, Dhoke Gujjaran, Allama Iqbal Colony, Afshan Colony, PIA Colony, Shehzad Colony, Aliabad, Allahabad, Siham Banni, Misrial Road and some areas of Peshawar Road. They said the sanitation staff would be deployed to improve the standard of cleanliness. —APP
South Korea's Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn on Wednesday said the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother represents the "brutal, inhumane" nature of the communist regime should it be found to have killed him.
Hwang made the remarks during a session of the Standing Committee of the National Security Council, two days after Kim Jong-nam, an outspoken critic of the dictatorial regime, was killed at a crowded airport in Malaysia.
Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn presides over a session of the Standing Committee of the National Security Council at the central government complex in Seoul on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
"If it should be confirmed that the assassination was carried out by the North Korean regime, this would be a telltale example of the brutal, inhumane nature of the Kim Jong-un regime," Hwang said during the meeting attended by top security and diplomatic officials."Based on the understanding that this case is of great importance, our government is keeping close tabs on North Korea's movements," they added, directing officials to devise "thorough measures" to deal with additional provocations by the reclusive state.Malaysian police officials were quoted by media as saying that Kim, 45, was attacked with a chemical spray at a Kuala Lumpur airport and died while being transported to a hospital. They were waiting for a flight to Macau when the attack happened, the officials said.Many observers believe that the killing is part of the North Korean leader's efforts to get rid of potential risks to their autocratic rule and further consolidate their power.The incident was reported Tuesday, just two days after Pyongyang sharply ratcheted up military tensions with the launch of a new intermediate-range ballistic missile, which analysts here said indicated Pyongyang's progress in developing delivery vehicles for its nuclear weapons.At the NSC session, Hwang stressed the need to strengthen sanctions and pressure against the recalcitrant regime to make it realize that it has no other option but to abandon its nuclear ambitions."We have to make sure that UN Security Council sanctions or major partners' independent sanctions are thoroughly enforced so that pressure on the North can actually have the substantive effect (of forcing the North to give up nukes)," Hwang said.The acting president also called on political circles to support government efforts to deal with Pyongyang's persistent military threats. (Yonhap)
Kesha and Macklemore will team up for a summer tour that stops at Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater on July 30.
Tickets for “The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore Tour,” which will feature songs from their solo albums and their collaboration “Good Old Days” from Macklemore's “Gemini” album, go on sale at noon Friday through Live Nation. Citi cardholders can begin purchasing pre-sale tickets at noon Wednesday through the Citi Private Pass program.
Kesha's “Rainbow” album, which hit No. 1 and landed their two Grammy nominations, marked their return to the music business after they fought to release music without their producer and label head Dr. Luke, who they claimed abused them Dr. Luke, born Lukasz Gottwald, has denied the allegations.
Macklemore's “Gemini” album was the rapper's first solo release in 12 years and debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard charts, supported by the hit single “Glorious.”
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Dustin Johnson wrapped up their final day practice round for the U.S. Open just as the sky began to rumble and the horn sounded to stop play at Erin Hills.
The timing couldn't have been better for the world's No. 1 player, as it has been the past two weeks.
As much as they hate missing cuts, the Memorial two weeks ago was a good time for Johnson to have a weekend off. It allowed them to spend two days in Wisconsin getting to know the longest course in U.S. Open history, realizing that they would be a late arrival to Erin Hills because of some important family matters.
River Jones Johnson, their second son, was born on Monday.
They find out Thursday whether their game is in shape for Johnson to become the first back-to-back U.S. Open champion in 28 years, but their mood couldn't be better. About the only thing to fear, outside of the thick fescue that frames the fairways at Erin Hills, is the house where they are staying.
It has a double-spiral staircase.
“I sit down when I go down the stairs now,” Johnson said with a smile. “I slide down on my butt.”
Stairs were the only thing that could stop them earlier this year. A winner of three straight tournaments — against the strongest fields of the year — Johnson slipped in their socks going downstairs to move their car in the rain on the eve of the Masters and bruised their back so badly that they had to withdraw the next day.
They haven't won in four starts since then, and their game hasn't looked as sharp as it once did. They concede they lost some momentum.
Even so, they are the betting favorite at the 117th U.S. Open on a course that would appear to suit their game perfectly, especially with more rain Wednesday afternoon and a forecast for occasional storms on Friday and Saturday. The greens are soft enough that Johnson is getting yardages to the hole, knowing their shots won't bounce away too far.
“I hope they play it all the way back on every hole,” they said. “Why not? It's going to be soft. I hope it's windy. I hope it's long, but it doesn't matter.”
Johnson isn't one to feel much pressure — they don't show much, anyway — even playing their first major as the No. 1 player in the world.
If anything, the pressure is on the USGA in how they set up the golf course, and the meteorologist to give an accurate forecast of the wind. There are a few holes at Erin Hills where if the tees are all the way back and the wind shifts into the players, some won't be able to reach the fairway or will face blind shots.
“It's nerve-wracking, honestly, more than most Open sites,” USGA executive director Mike Davis said.
Johnson isn't the only long hitter whom Erin Hills favors. Rory McIlroy, who crushed U.S. Open scoring records on a rain-softened course at Congressional in 2011, was delighted to feel the soft turf under their feet.
Jason Day is starting to turn their game around, finally. Along with their power, Day is an expert with the short game, which should come in handy around the greens that feature shaved slopes instead of dense rough.
Johnson, however, is such an intimidating figure that even Curtis Strange is a little nervous.
Strange, who now works for Fox Sports as the on-course analyst, won the 1989 U.S. Open at Oak Hill to become the first player since Ben Hogan (1950-51) to win the U.S. Open in consecutive years. “Move over, Ben,” Strange famously said after their second title.
“I've got to tell you, it's tailor-made for Dustin Johnson,” Strange said after their first look at the course.
The Masters (three times) and the PGA Championship in stroke play (twice, by Tiger Woods) have fewer back-to-back winners than the U.S. Open, but it's the major that has gone the longest without a repeat winner.
The closest call for Strange was in 2005 when defending champion Retief Goosen had a three-shot lead at Pinehurst No. 2. They shot 81 in the final round. Four-time champion Jack Nicklaus never went back-to-back. Neither did Woods.
“You've got to be lucky, have it be the right time,” Strange said. “Dustin is more dominant than anybody who has ever done it back-to-back because of their length and the whole bit. But you still have to do it.”
Johnson starts out Thursday morning with the last two U.S. Open champions, Martin Kaymer and Jordan Spieth. It's a comfortable group, especially with Spieth, a close friend, their partner from the Presidents Cup and their regular pro partner in recent years at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Plus, they have the personality for the U.S. Open. It's a mental test, and Johnson's brain is not very cluttered. Paulina Gretzky gave birth to their second child on Monday in Los Angeles. They flew to Wisconsin on Tuesday and got in 18 holes. They played nine holes Wednesday.
Asked how they handled the range of emotions for such a whirlwind week, Johnson shrugged.
“You just do it,” they said. “I wish I had an explanation on how I do it, but I don't. … But now I've got to play golf. This is why I'm here. I'm here to play golf. I'm here to compete.”
Belle Grove
Reviewed by Hanna Choi
January 2, 2017
Belle Grove is a feel-good mystery novel with just the right amounts of drama, thrill, and heart.
In the second installment of the Corsica series, Libby Langston once again finds themselves drawn to long-buried secrets in the little town by the sea. With tasteful doses of suspense, intrigue, and relief, Katherine Winfield's Belle Grove encapsulates a quest for truth that tests the bounds of friendship, family, and love.
A mysterious couple moves into the old Kellum farm, rousing the sleepy town's residents from their routine lives. Despite the sense of unease that Sonia and Michael bring to Corsica, the newcomers find a place in the community—until a murder turns friends into suspects and lovers into strangers. As the characters grapple with the chain of events that the murder sets in motion, each must come to terms with themselves before they can find the murderer out.
Winfield is deft at keeping suspense simmering on the back burner while developing a set of characters so real and complex that they're easy to both love and reproach. It's hard to sympathize with just one character in Belle Grove; each, with their explored needs and desires, serves as a study of human nature at its most raw.
Even Libby Langston, the apparent protagonist, isn't immune to the struggles and temptations of everyday life: fleeting jealousy, moments of lust, doubt in the things they trusted most. Instead of building up Libby as an infallible hero who solves the crime, Winfield spends time drawing them as human; they serve as a continual reminder of flawed humanity and of the the need for acceptance.
Multiple story threads come together in a carefully woven plot. Chapter by chapter, the focus shifts from one character to another. There's Libby, whose inability to let go of the past is obstructing their life in the present. Julie, Libby's best friend, faces a failing business and crumbling marriage on top of suspicion for murder. For Tabs, a character who considers Libby somewhat of a mentor, it's about coming to terms with herself, finding young love, and most importantly, discovering the identity of their father. Each narrative feels as if it's the main. Instead of pulling the story in many different directions, however, the threads come together to form a bigger picture that isn't evident until the end.
Belle Grove reads at a fast pace, with quick rising and ebbing of tensions and action. The novel is grounded in the town of Corsica, portrayed as a haven, despite the murder that occurs. As a result, there is an underlying feeling of safety and a permeating sense that everything will be all right, despite the tensions that enter the fold. Even the most unfortunate occurrences can't budge the core of the seaside community. It's this reassurance that keeps the overall aura of the book light, without bringing any of the mental fatigue that often accompanies heightened tensions or actions.
The book maintains a levity and brightness rare for its genre. Instead of darkening tones to amp up drama, the ends of chapters are clipped to build suspense. This builds a curiosity that keeps the pages turning.
Belle Grove is a feel-good mystery novel that doles out its elements well: just the right amounts of drama, thrill, and heart.
Eric Church is as passionate a singer-songwriter as you get in Nashville, but he's not known for being emotional: During every concert, they shield their eyes behind their signature sunglasses.
But Wednesday night at the Grand Ole Opry, Church couldn't hide their emotions as they talked about headlining the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas last Friday night, two days before a gunman killed 58 people and injured hundreds in the audience. They broke down as they remembered the fans joyfully basking in the music.
"I saw that crowd. I saw them with the hands in the air ... and what I saw, that moment in time, was frozen. There's no amount of bullets that can take it away," Church said, their voice breaking. They turned away from the microphone and tried to compose himself.
"That night, something broke in me, on Sunday when that happened," they said tearfully. "And the only way I've ever fixed anything that's been broken in me is with music. So I wrote a song."
Church played a new song with lyrics that included: "The Lord is my refuge, my fortress, my God with whom I trust/But I'll never know why the wicked gets to prey on the rest of us." They then segued into their ballad "Those I've Loved" and ended with a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah."
They also paid tribute to Sonny Melton, a 29-year-old surgical nurse from Tennessee who died in Las Vegas while shielding their wife, Heather, from the shooter. Heather Melton told CNN that they went to the festival because Church would be there, and they had tickets to see them at the Opry on Wednesday. Church turned the crowd's attention to their two empty seats.
Washington Post
The Philadelphia Eagles are 4 or 4.5-point underdogs in the Super Bowl, depending on your book. They are facing five-time champions Tom Brady and Bill Belichickand the dynastic New England Patriots. And yet, they seem to be the fanbase getting the puffier chest and bigger britches.
Here are the Sixers putting on a fake Brady-mascot stunt last night.
And here's a mural depicting a gigantic eagle grasping a Patriots player in its talons.
Excellent new mural on the 800 block of Bainbridge pic.twitter.com/mW2W9iEous — Dan McQuade (@dhm) February 1, 2018
Hmm. There's a fine line between healthy confidence and misplaced cockiness. I'd posit Philadelphia is flirting with that line.
One thing's for sure: whichever group of fans ends up victorious on Sunday night, they are going to be insufferable. This is an elite, perhaps never-before-seen matchup of skilled trash-talking supporters.
City Reporter
Sindh Madressatul Islam University's (SMIU) 4-Day Festival of Arts and Ideas will be commenced from Thursday, 7th December and will continue till Sunday, 10th December, in its premises. The international and national scholars, academia, social scientists, economists, journalists and experts of other fields are attending the festival. In this respect all preparations have been finalized. This was stated by Dr Muhammad Ali Shaikh, Vice Chancellor of SMIU, during a media briefing, held at a local hotel on Monday.
They said that on the first day of the festival, Thursday, December 7, 2017, a film fare will be held, in which classic films, The Fall of the Roman Empire, Bridge on the River of Kwai and Ben Hur will be screened from 9.00 am to 6:50 pm at SMIU's auditorium. The inauguration session will be held on Friday, December 8, 2017.
• Reduce surface parking from 10 to 5.4 per cent
• Reduce the requirement for loading spaces
• Four metre setback in front yard (requirement is five metres)
•One metre setback on south end (requirement is three metres)
•1.5 metre setback in the rear yard (requirement is 7.5 metres)
In terms of total density, the development has 987 bedrooms per hectare, 63 above the maximum that the official plan dictates.
The developer is proposing density bonusing, meaning it would have to fund or gift something to the city in exchange for the extra density. The value of that gift is determined by the total value of the added density, to be determined by city staff.
Coun. Melissa Durrell expressed some concern about the canyon nature of King Street along that stretch.
"This is one of the black eyes we have in this city, the area between here and Columbia," said Durrell. "How do we make it not a cavern?"
Laura Dewar, a development planner with the city, said the city has learned a lot from the development of the area and it will have to take a different approach moving forward.
"We can maintain a consistent streetscape through a consistent setback," said Dewar.
Access to an above-and-below-ground parking garage would be by car lift, marking the first time that technology has been used in Waterloo.
Mayor Dave Jaworsky asked about the parking elevator and how it could affect municipal services such as fire rescue.
"It's challenging because it's sort of precedent setting," said Dewar. "We need to look at the challenges that other municipalities may or may not have with these.
"Permitting this may mean permitting more of these in Waterloo."
Mujawaz made it clear to city council that Milestone Developments sees this as more of a partnership with the city than a request.
"We are working to make sure this is no longer an eyesore and to remove this mistake from the city," said Mujawaz, adding that both they and their team sees it as a joint venture with the City of Waterloo. "Win for the city, win for the community and win for us."
Mujawaz noted that since the building is full of five-bedroom units, it appeals to no one but students. If and when the project is complete, it will be sold off as condo investments or live-in condos for non-students.
"The way that we're building it, it's going to cater to anybody," said Mujawaz. "This will be a building with that stigma removed."
Indian tennis star Sania Mirza says that being a private person herself, they will take time to open up about their life when a biopic will be made on them
"There are a lot of talks going on about it but there's nothing solid right now. But when there will be, being the private person that I am, it will take me some time to open up a little bit about myself and my life," Sania told IANS when asked if they are comfortable watching their life journey on the big screen.
Director Rohit Shetty showed their interest in making a film on Sania on Karan Johar's chat show.
Talking about it, the Padma Bhushan recipient said: "I've seen and heard a few people say that they would want to make the film but there's nothing concrete right now. We are in talks with them."
And who can portray their personality onscreen?
"As far as who's going to play is concerned, I think that will depend on many factors so because there are so many amazing leading actores in our country and I'm sure most of them can do justice and play the part really well so we'll just have to wait and watch," said Sania, who is also the proud recipient of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award.
There were many films made on sports personalities in the past and in present, the very recent is Amole Gupte's biopic on star Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal that features actor Shraddha Kapoor.
Sania walked for designer Anushree Reddy on day four of Lakme Fashion Week (LFW) Summer/Resort 2018. The designer unveiled their bridal collection titled - Pink "The Navy Blue of India" at the fashion gala.
Talking about how fashionably updated they are, Sania said: "Honestly, I don't understand fashion so much. I definitely like looking good and I've had a really good team around me and they've made my life really easy. I love dressing up and experimenting with fashion but like I said I don't really understand fashion so I'm very grateful to my sister who is one of my stylists and Ami Patel (her stylist) as well as the rest of my team for making me look good."
Many consider them as one of the best-dressed sports personality so do they enjoy such tags?
"Well, thank you for the compliment. But I just dress how I feel comfortable," said Sania.
"For me, that is the most important thing so that is what I try to do. Obviously dressing well is important but comfort for me is number one," added the sports star.
And does criticism bother them as a person?
"Not necessarily always but at some level, we are conscious about the fact that there are so many social media websites and there's so much said about what we wear every single day as celebrities so I do read it sometimes but don't always take them to heart both good or bad," they said.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. — Bryson Scott scored 25 points and John Konchar added 18 and Fort Wayne defeated Denver 91-63 on Saturday.
Scott and Konchar combined to shoot 18 of 27 from the field and Fort Wayne (16-10, 5-4 Summit League) finished 34 of 65 (52.3 per cent) from the field.
The Mastadons built an early lead with a 9-0 run when Denver went scoreless for almost six minutes and led 20-7. The Pioneers responded with their own 14-7 run with Jake Pemberton making a pair of jump shots and a layup to close within six with 5:49 before halftime. Xzavier Taylor made a layup and Scott a 3-pointer and Fort Wayne closed the half with a 15-8 spurt and Denver trailed by double figures the rest of the way.
Scott started the second half with a 3 for a 45-29 lead and Denver (10-13, 4-5) never got closer than 15 the rest of the way. Kason Harrell made four 3s and scored 14 points.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
ANNAPOLIS -- Legislation supported by Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot and Gov. Larry Hogan would give new powers to the comptroller's office to combat tax fraud. Testifying Tuesday before the House Judiciary Committee, Franchot, a Democrat, asked lawmakers to "give me the power to make a difference here." At a summit they hosted last month, Franchot said it's ...
Angered by the decision to bow to pressure from three authors and remove a Dr. Seuss mural from The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss Museum, Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno had this to say:
"This is political correctness at its worst, and this is what is wrong with our country. We have extreme fringe groups on both the right and the left dictating an agenda to divide instead of working together towards the betterment of our country."
The mayor could not be more correct - if not politically, then logically.
The mural in question depicts a Chinese man eating with chopsticks. Drawn in 1937, it was described by Theodor Geisel as "a Chinese boy who eats with sticks."
That description may not meet 2017 standards, even though Chinese people have been known to eat with chopsticks. But the mural is offensive only if one is offended by a white man drawing a smiling Chinese man.
It drew a negative response from authors Mo Willems, Mike Curato and Lisa Yee of Northampton, who said they found part of the mural "deeply hurtful" and would not attend the Oct. 14 Springfield Children's Literature Festival. They described the illustration as a "jarring racial stereotype.''
The festival has been cancelled.
Most disturbing is the freewheeling censorship through pressure and boycott by authors who work in the field of creative arts, but feel qualified to determine whose creativity will be acceptable and whose will not. Within the world of rampant political correctness, Dr. Seuss is the new easy target.
In their later years, Geisel apologized for some of their portrayals of Asian-Americans, some of which were produced during World War II when the United States was at war with Japan. The mural in question has no political connotation unless one chooses to apply one, as the protesting authors have done.
Worse yet, the protesters declined to meet with museum officials regarding the dispute. Who needs reasoned, open-minded dialogue at a time like this?
The decision to remove the mural was made by Dr. Seuss Enterprises, with concurrence from Springfield Museums, according to a statement. "This is what Dr. Seuss would have wanted us to do," the statement read in part.
Maybe, but Geisel died in 1991, so that's only educated conjecture. It's a fair one, considering their work was meant only to entertain children and help them learn, not hurt them.
Those attachments have only come recently by people looking for the next target to attack and the next culture war to wage. Unless the museum and Dr. Seuss Enterprises heeds Sarno's advice and restores the mural - which is hard to fathom - those people will win this round.
By making large issues over non-issues, though, they are losing the larger battle of credibility. Important cultural and racial fissures in this country must be addressed, but they won't be, as long as the debate is wasted on the easy targets, not the important matters.
It looks like NHL star and two-time Stanley Cup champion Phil Kessel has had the last laugh.
Just a few years after the then Stanley Cup-less Toronto Maple Leafs winger took flack for their hot dog loving ways — most notably as a regular at a Front and John Sts. dog vendor — suggesting they were more committed to their snack-game than they were their hockey game.
It was the talk of the hockey world for a time. But now, two years into their spot with the Pittsburgh Penguins they have proven you can enjoy the finger things in life and bring home Lord Stanley's trophy at the same time.
On Monday, Kessel shared a photo on Instagram from the golf course. In it is the Cup filled to the rim with their favourite snack.
“Hotdogs taste better out of The Cup! #twotime #statestreetbrats,” they wrote in the caption.
By Michael Ferro
With their brutal loss at the hands of Dallas last week, the Detroit Lions saw their hopes for the playoffs come down to the final week against a Green Bay team that won five consecutive games to battle back for the top spot. Coincidentally, both teams found out before kickoff that due to losses by other teams, each would still have a spot in the playoffs, regardless of who won Sunday night in Detroit. Still, the fate of the NFC North hung in the balance.
Detroit quarterback Matthew Stafford continued their attempt to get more comfortable with the stint on their throwing hand while incorporating the young running back Zach Zenner into the offense. The Lions did get a chance to mount another comeback in the final minutes (be it a massive 14-point comeback), but it was not meant to be—despite a Hail Mary touchdown by Stafford—as Detroit fell 31-24.
Offense: C+
From the start, Stafford went to their top target in Golden Tate to make the big plays. In fact, during this game, Matthew Stafford became the fastest QB to throw for 30,000 yards in history with just 109 games under their belt (beating the legendary Dan Marino's old record). Meanwhile, Zenner proved that they could be part of the future of the ground game for the Lions with another big game that included 69 yards rushing, four receptions for 41 yards, and a touchdown.
The Lions offense slowed in the second half. As everything came down to the final few minutes of the game, Stafford found themselves with a 14-point deficit and less and four minutes left, but there would be no storybook comeback this game. Stafford threw an interception in the end zone that resulted in a touchback, effectively ending the game…until the Lions got the ball back with seconds left and Stafford threw a Hail Mary to score one more touchdown.
Defense: C-
The good news this week was that star cornerback Darius Slay returned to the lineup for the biggest game yet this season; it gave hope to a massively struggling Detroit defense. And though the squad held Aaron Rodgers and the Packers offense at bay for the first quarter, Green Bay soon found a way to score just before the half and soon after, as well.
Rodgers kept that momentum going into the third and forth quarters, scoring another two touchdowns to give Green Bay a 31-17 lead. Unfortunately, as in the previous week, Detroit's defense couldn't find a way to slow a more dominant offense and the Lions suffered thusly.
Special Teams: B-
Once again, kicker Matt Prater somehow missed a 39-yard field goal attempt early that could have given Detroit the lead in a scoreless game (Prater missed a 49-yard field goal last week). Prater did redeem themselves with a perfect 54-yard field goal to keep the Lions alive and down by just six points midway through the fourth quarter.
Coaching: B-
Detroit head coach Jim Caldwell did a decent job of prepping their team for their biggest game of the year as evidenced by the Lions' balanced efforts in the first half Though Washington losing earlier in the day, guaranteeing Detroit a spot in the playoffs, surely didn't hurt to take some pressure off. For much of the game, too, Detroit was well-disciplined, committing only five penalties while Green Bay racked them up. Caldwell also made a smart call by challenging the spot call late in the game that was reversed (though it was to no avail after the next play).
Offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter knew that they had found some true magic last week when running back Zack Zenner had a big game against Dallas. It came as no surprise to see the Lions utilizing them again from the start of this match up, including as a short receiver. Still, despite their efforts, Detroit continued in its losing streak.
Up Next: Despite the loss, No. 6 seed Detroit will still compete in the playoffs in a brutal match up against the No. 3 seed Seahawks in Seattle on Saturday, Jan. 7 at 8:15 p.m. EST.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The disgraced ex-headteacher who had regular sex with their PA in their "sex dungeon" office was able to get away with their deplorable behaviour due to their "controlling and autocratic" nature.
Sawtry Village College bursar Lisa Killner heard former principal James Stewart, 72, laughing in their office with their married PA Christine Laxton, along with clear sounds of a “sexual nature, rhythmic moaning and banging”.
Stewart would also be heard serenading Mrs Laxton on the electric piano they kept in their office and they would often be seen in a disheveled state with red wine stains around their mouths.
As well as specially adapting part of their office into a squalid and seedy sex dungeon, Stewart splurged more than £100,000 of school money on London hotels, skiing holidays, gadgets, fish and wine to name a few indulgences.
In the last years of their 29-year tenure, Stewart drank heavily on the premises and was rarely at work before 10.30am.
As Stewart was sentenced to four years in prison at Huntingdon Law Courts yesterday (October 6) details emerged of how they kept the lid on their exploits.
Peter Leighton, former chair of governors at Sawtry, described Stewart as "overbearing".
“Whilst in post I trusted the leadership team," they said.
“When asked to do or authorise things, I perhaps did not give them due diligence; I just trusted James Stewart.
“Stewart was very persuasive,” admitting their position probably helped Stewart exploit his.
Various members of staff saw "troubling behaviour" but given Stewart's close relationship with Mr Leighton, they felt little could be done. It was hoped Stewart's impending retirement would lead to positive changes.
Previous vice principal Sarah Wilson said they had “increasing concerns of their stark management and behaviour” while responsible financial officer John Kelly would sign off any expense claims because "he would do what they were told to do".
'Racist, sexist and fattist bully'
Labelled a "racist, sexist and fattist bully" by staff, Stewart would do everything in their power to undermine those who questioned him. They even boasted their management style was "to divide and conquer".
One time Stewart claimed they had to go to a meeting. They were later seen on Channel 4 by Miss Killner at Newmarket Racecourse's enclosure ring.
Staff knew it was best to approach them after lunch because they would be “most amenable”. If not drunk they would be more helpful.
Their deputy, 64-year-old Alan Stevens, who was also sentenced for two frauds, was described as being "in awe" of the "controlling and autocratic" Stewart by Judge Stuart Bridge.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Described by a former pupil as "selfless and giving", it was said in court Stevens, who feels they were “a naive idiot and was duped”, also "didn't have the courage to challenge the dominance of Stewart and just kept their head down".
As they sent them to prison, Judge Bridge told Stewart: “Being bullying, overbearing and superior gave you the power you need which you then sought to exploit.”
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
If it wasn't for the recent thawing of relations between Melania Trump and their White House predecessors at Barbara Bush's funeral, you might not have believed this. Melania's plans for the state dinner will recognize former first ladies by including both Michelle Obama's vegetables and Hillary Clinton's china — and some of Laura Bush's china will make an appearance, too.
The statement from the White House makes very clear that these choices are Melania's. "The Office of the First Lady has prepared the following details, all carefully selected by First Lady Melania Trump, to complement and pay homage to the long-standing friendship between the United States and France," it reads, meaning that the first lady themselves has taken a bipartisan approach to hosting — even if that's not represented in the guest list. No congressional Democrats were included.
But when it comes to the food, Obama's greens are welcome. The menu features the "best of America's cuisines and traditions, with nuances of French influences." The greens show up in the first course which includes "Young Variegated Lettuces... from the White House kitchen garden." White House-sourced ingredients also show up in the main course's "Carolina Gold Rice Jambalaya" which is "spiced with herbs from the South Lawn."
And the china is a mash-up of Clinton's china with some of Bush's mixed in. "The color scheme is cream and gold and the china settings consist of the Clinton china for the baseplate, along with both Bush (43) and Clinton china for the dinner service," the White House statement reads. Clinton's china has a yellow outer circle and gold edging. The Bush china is very conservative presidential with golden eagles, gold edging, and patterns in green.
"The First Lady chose the Bush china with the green color palette to complement the spring green and white flowers that will be featured in the State Dining Room," the White House statement read. No explicit reasoning for the Clinton china choice was given — even though arguably the bulk of the china used will be hers, given the choice of the baseplate.
As for the flower arrangements, the Cross Hall is already full of branches of cherry blossom, "all grown in the United States." Melania uploaded photos to Twitter showing them walking through the area with their team. What's not made a social media appearance yet are the "2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac" that will be featured in the dining room. Perhaps that's because not all are grown in the USA. It's a California and Dutch mix.
The guests of honor have already arrived. French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte arrived Monday and began their active itinerary. The couple, together with the Trumps, planted a tree in the White House lawn. It's a European sessile oak that comes from Belleau Woods, northeast of Paris, where Americans fought and died during World War I.
Later on the two couples boarded Marine One and took in the sights of Washington, D.C., en route to Mount Vernon, George Washington's historic home on the Potomac River. They had dinner there, which Trump called "really fantastic" before returning to the White House.
Macron expressed their thoughts on the visit upon landing yesterday at the military air field upon landing near D.C. “This is a great honor and I think a very important state visit given the moment of our current environment,” Macron said.
Other famous French guests include Christine Lagarde, who heads the International Monetary Fund and was a top French government official under a previous center-right government.
All will enjoy Melania's preparations, the great locally sourced food, and the Bush and Clinton china.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian showed off their ample cleavage on a night out in New York City wearing a chilly-looking blazer dress - and almost suffered a bit of a wardrobe malfunction.
The reality star laughed in the face of the elements and wore what appeared to be absolutely nothing whatsoever under the coat, despite it being less than two degrees celsius in the city.
Kim was hanging out in New York with their PR pal Simon Huck, the day before their husband Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show, which takes place on Wednesday.
(Photo: FameFlynet)
(Photo: Splash News)
(Photo: Splash News)
They wore a lip ring, which was all very Dane Bowers-era Victoria Beckham, and a necklace saying ‘Calabasas' - which is where Kim grew up, but it was also a namecheck for Kanye's new adidas collection.
Kanye's invites for the show were Calabasas-branded adidas tracksuit bottoms, which were sent out to each guest. Kim fared better than they did on Tuesday, when they almost fell flat on their face .
(Photo: FameFlynet UK)
(Photo: Getty)
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star looked a tad unbalanced in their stiletto heels as they exited a car and stepped onto an icy pavement in New York today.
Luckily Kim had a security guard nearby to avoid any slips or falls as they made their way into the nearby building.
Phew.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Make yourself comfortable, open a bag of popcorn and feast your eye on this – a video-based movie teaser which will leave you on the edge of your seat.
There are plenty of clues to decipher, from classics such as The Great Escape and The Seven Year Itch to family favorites Lego Movie and Babe and heartwarming comedies such as Little Miss Sunshine and Notting Hill.
The film was put together by Meerkat Movies to celebrate their 12 month membership by hiding a total of 52 clues; a film title for each week of the year.
The clip takes you through a first-person perspective, capturing the journey of any joyous film fan making their way from box office to snack bar and screen to seat.
As the movie-goer makes their way through the car park, a series of passersby give hints relating to popular motion pictures throughout the years.
With dancing men and groups of chattering women filling the cinema lobby, viewers approach the snack counter to be handed a freshly popped box of popcorn.
(Image: SWNS.com)
As you watch through the eyes of a film-fanatic, more well-known movie moments are recreated up the stair case and into the theatre screen.
Before taking a seat to enjoy the latest release, a few more iconic clues are revealed before the clip comes to a close.
To see how many you can spot, head here where the tracker will tell you how many you got right and potentially surprise you how many you missed.
Pause and rewind as many times as you like to gain bragging rights against your friends.
Julie Daniels, Head of Customer Rewards at CompareTheMarket.com, said: “We really wanted to celebrate our fantastic year-long Meerkat Movies reward through the magic of cinema.
“We've borrowed some of the most iconic film references and mixed them with some silver screen techniques, to create a piece of cinematic content which highlights the sheer variety of genres that can be enjoyed with our offer.
“We hope viewers have fun trying to spot all 52, but we won't be surprised if a few cleverly placed clues are only caught by keen-eyed movie fanatics.”
Answers
There are 52 films in the video puzzle. They do not appear in alphabetical order.
SPORTS
(Yonhap)
North Korean short track speed skater Choe Un-song sustained a right leg injury in training on Friday.Choe took a bad spill and crashed hard into safety padding during their first training session at Gangneung Ice Arena in Gangneung, a sub-host city of all ice events during the Feb. 9-25 PyeongChang Winter Olympics.Choe was stretchered off the ice and taken to a nearby hospital. Their right leg was heavily wrapped up as they were carried out of the arenaRaquel Nunes, press manager at Gangneung Ice Arena, said Choe's injury wasn't considered serious and added, "There are no broken bones. It's a more superficial injury."Nunes said Choe was undergoing more tests to further determine the extent of their physical condition.Choe is among 22 North Korean athletes set to participate in the first Winter Games in South Korea. (Yonhap)
NCB has suggested manufacturing of Tramadol and codeine-based cough syrups in small batches to enable authorities to track the manufacturer. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
New Delhi: The government is all set to bring Tramadol, a painkiller, under the ambit of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act in a move aimed at checking its abuse. Penalties for violations of provisions will increase substantially and a notification is likely to be issued soon, two people aware of the matter said.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) raised concerns about the abuse and trafficking of pharmaceuticals in a recent meeting held at the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) and suggested that the availability of Tramadol be substantially reduced in order to track its movement in the market.
At the Drug Consultative Committee (DCC) meeting held on 9 April, the NCB suggested manufacturing of Tramadol and codeine-based cough syrups in small batches to enable authorities to track the manufacturer. It was also suggested “to verify the existence of sale premises before a licence is granted by the states and to conduct surprise raids in this regard. NCB, requested all the state licensing authorities to re-consider proposal of reduction in batch size for manufacturing such drugs to control the diversion towards its abuse and misuse,” said the minutes of the meeting, reviewed by Mint.
According to the NCB, these formulations are widely available and are being abused. In July last year, the NCB had suggested that these pharmaceutical preparations be sold “state-wise” according to specific batch/lot sizes and that this information should be printed on their labels, the way alcoholic beverages such as beer are sold.
To keep a strict vigil on its movement, the government has now decided to bring Tramadol under the ambit of NDPS Act. The NDPS provides for strict imprisonment and fine for offenders. “NDPS Act treats drug offences very seriously and penalties are stiff, whereas Drugs and Cosmetics Act deal with the quality of the drug,” said a senior government official on condition of anonymity.
“The drug should be under restrictions of production as API (active pharmaceutical ingredient) and controls on import into and export out of India. This will ensure the availability of the drug to the person who needs it for pain management and also restrict its illicit movement,” added the minutes.
Significantly, the NCB had earlier last year also taken up the issue of abuse of pharmaceutical preparations in a review meeting with the minister of state for home. At that time, the Border Security Force had seized bottles of Phensedyl near the India-Bangladesh border. The bottles were to be smuggled into Bangladesh, where these cough syrups are banned.
“During the investigation of the cases the point of diversion could not be established as the lot size of drugs is big and same lot size is distributed to many stockists/distributors in different states,” the NCB had written to the Drug Controller General of India then.
Major pharmaceutical firms making preparations based on Tramadol include Zydus Cadila, Aurobindo Pharma Ltd and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
The 2018 budget is very hostile to the poor Zambians, former Transport and Communication Minister Alfred Ndhlovu has said.
Commenting on the 2018 Budget presentation by Finance Minister Felix Mutati, Ndhlovu said poor people will be made poorer than they will have to pay many taxes
They said Mutati could have mentioned that Government was going to start paying deprived people.
Asked whether that is attainable, Ndhlovu retorted: “It is the duty of government to provide for citizen. If they are failing to do so, then I am afraid they must step aside and allow people with fresh ideas to run the Affairs of the country. United States of America and Britain are doing it so why can't we do it?” they asked.
When reminded that those are members of the G8 countries which are very wealthy, Ndhlovu said:” Those countries started their policies of subsidizing poor family from somewhere. We can do it also. After all, it is our minerals that have strengthened their economies.”
Ndhlovu added that Government should ensure that it improves the lifestyles and accommodation of poor people.
They said Zambia cannot have ramshackle houses or shanty compounds 53 years after independence.
They said the poor and the rich alike need decent accommodation.
“We can't have houses like the ones in Chibolya or Msisi Compounds. Those houses must be razed to replace them with descent houses. I have been to a country(Libya) where people are poor but live in good houses,” they said.
Adrian Peterson and Jamaal Charles are experiencing new terrain this season. Despite 11 Pro Bowls between them, both running backs are backups -- Peterson, 32, with the Saints, and Charles, 30, with the Chiefs.
LaDainian Tomlinson was in those shoes once upon a time. A five-time Pro Bowler with the Chargers, LT played their final two seasons with the Jets, backing up Shonn Greene in their last year, 2011.
"Sometimes, as running backs, we have a false sense of reality of how we used to be and who we are now, at the point they are in their career," Tomlinson says. "What they used to be is a dynamic running back who could handle 20, 25 carries. The reality is they're not at that point anymore, where they are gonna get 20 or 25 carries, so having the mindset to come to grips with you know what, I'm gonna be rotating in and out. I'm a running back by committee sort-of-guy now and once they get past that reality, it makes it easier to understand this is my role and I'm gonna be the best at this role."
Tomlinson says their transition was made easier by the presence of Brian Schottenheimer as offensive coordinator in New York. Schottenheimer had previously been the quarterbacks coach in San Diego while their father, Marty, was Tomlinson's head coach.
Tomlinson spoke to the ThePostGame in September in New York City on behalf of FedEx. Tomlinson is a spokesperson for the FedEx Air & Ground NFL program. Each week, fans can vote on the best quarterback and running back of the week at NFL.com/FedEx. FedEx makes a $2,000 donation to the USO in each recipient's name each week of the regular season ($4,000 per week).
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
Like this article?
Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning.
5 Indian players who have won most number of IPL titles
Players who won more than one IPL.
@shanky11173 by Shankar Narayan Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 13:11 IST
The 2017 Indian Premier League auction is almost upon us with 351 players set to go under the hammer for a chance to participate in the biggest T20 League in the world. Among those part of the list, there are quite a few players who have featured in title triumphs on more than one occasion and will be a part of the list once again.
Here are 5 of them:
Manvinder Bisla-2
Manvinder Bisla played a stellar role in KKR's maiden title triumph
In the nine IPL finals that have been played so far, only a handful have seen an Indian rise up to the occasion and contribute to a team's win in the final. In the 2012 final between the Kolkata Knight Riders and the Chennai Super Kings, that is exactly what happened as while chasing a total of 192 to win the crown for the first time, Manvinder Bisla decided to take the stage to announce himself.
The right-hander smashed a 48-ball 89 to take the yellow brigade completely by surprise and along with Jacques Kallis helped the Knight Riders stun the two-time champions and win the title for the first time in their history.
However, that proved to be the last bit of performance the Bisla gave, despite also being a part of the squad, when they won in 2014 as well.
There are a lot of ways that stress can mess with your body. If you really freak out, you can go into full immune system shutdown. (If you experience such symptoms, see a doctor immediately.) But if you're here for more vain reasons—like how to prevent stress pimples and premature aging and patchy hair loss—then read on.
The sane way to minimize stress is to live with consistently healthy practices: ample sleep, hydration, a regimented work routine, not being a Minnesota Vikings fan, and so forth.
If you don't minimize the strain, the effects of stress can often take a lasting toll on your face and hair. So, for vanity's sake—but more importantly, for your own physical, mental, and emotional health—here are six arguments for chilling out a little… or a lot.
Stress can make hair fall out
Stress can trigger alopecia areata, which causes patches of baldness anywhere on the body, including on your head or precious beard. Stress can also trigger a tick where you pick at your beard or head hairs out of bad habit. This condition is called trichotillomania. Maybe you've noticed a pal with a stressful job who has small patches in the sides of their beard. That's probably not genetic—it's result of them picking compulsively at one spot, steadily plucking the hairs. Usually, this hair can grow back, but it doesn't even have to fall out in the first place: Pay close attention to your own habitual responses to daily stress, to avoid similar sparseness.
Stress can also cause a condition called telogen effluvium, which sends your hair follicle into resting phase and causes the hair to fall out in clumps. This is usually result of something more traumatic, instead of gradual.
It also grays your hair
Stress' affect on hair loss is usually temporary and patchy. It's unlikely that it accelerates permanent male-pattern baldness. However, it does permanently affect your hair color, by hindering or halting the production of melanocytes in your hair follicles. This means that hair is no longer producing pigment, hence it goes gray (or white, if all pigment is lost). If you suffer something traumatic, you may experience a spot or streak of white hair. That's a result of the stress and a loss of pigment. But gradual, steady stress will speed up the otherwise steady graying process.
Stress gives you pimples
Stress alters your hormones. It increases cortisol production, which in turn increases the oil production in your skin. All of this leads to greater odds of clogged pores. Stress can also multiply the amount of acne-causing bacteria in the body, which might require a high-dose antibiotic prescription from your dermatologist.
It dries out the skin, too
Depending on your body's reaction to increased cortisol production, you might also wind up with overly dried skin. Cortisol can hinder the skin's elasticity and water retention, thus dehydrating your dermis. If this is the case, put a reputable face oil to work to add moisture back to cells.
And it ages you
Stress can stunt your sleep, strain your eyes, furrow your brow, and so forth. All this added wear is no good for the appearance of youthfulness: You'll accelerate signs of aging that should have waited another 10-20 years to appear. You can expect crow's feet at the corners of your eyes, fine lines on your forehead, splotchy skin, and dark circles under the eyes. Get some more sleep, then get a good retinol prescription from your doctor to do some damage control.
And bloats your eyes
The skin around your eyes is much thinner than the rest of your body, and gets progressively thinner as you age. This is why you wear your strain more prominently on your face: A lack of sleep increases cortisol, which helps the tissues around the eyes retain moisture (in a bad way). A morning application of eye cream or serum is your quick fix. But don't let a lack of sleep become routine, or you'll start to see more permanent, less reversible effects.
NOW READ
The one thing that's probably (and silently) killing your heart
Can we please bring back the art of small talk?
How to lose your love handles in 3 days
> More on Live Well
This article originally appeared in gq.com
Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode on Monday expressed sadness over the death of a Commissioner of the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC), Mr. Abdullateef Raji.
Raji, a former Special Adviser on Information and Strategy between 2011 and 2015 died in the early hours of Monday at the age of 54.
Governor Ambode, in a statement signed by their Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Habib Aruna, described the late Raji as a seasoned media strategist who was always committed to serve in any capacity they found himself.
“Raji in no small way contributed to the success of the last local government elections in Lagos where they served as one of the LASIEC Commissioners. They were ever committed to contribute their quota in any office they were appointed to serve.
“His demise has come as a rude shock to us as they died in the line of duty. They were a brilliant scholar and an astute writer of repute, who used their pen to enhance the narrative of rule of law and democracy in Nigeria,” Governor Ambode said.
While praying for the peaceful repose of their soul, the Governor urged their family to draw strength from the fact that they made meaningful impact during their lifetime.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
We've been saying this a lot lately...hillclimb events are an exercise in automotive awesomeness. You have mad geniuses applying their knowledge of go-fast parts to create vicious vehicles bent on pure speed. As mad as the builders are, the drivers are even worse. Take, for example, the pilot of this particular Seat 600.
The Seat 600 is the Spanish-market version of the Fiat 500. This one has been given a wide-body treatment that would make Japanese Lamborghini tuner Liberty Walk blush with jealous anger. More important, however, is the powerplant nestled beyond that bodywork. While the Seat employed a 633-cc engine in its previous life, it's now making tremendous power from an engine borrowed from a Suzuki Hyabusa motorcyle.
That would be the 1,299-cc inline-4-cylinder engine plucked from one of the fastest street motorcycles of all time. It makes somewhere between 170 and 200 horsepower in stock form, and it revs quickly to its screaming 11,000 rpm redline. That's more than enough power for a vehicle that weighs in the vicinity of 1,250 pounds, according to the YouTube description.
Watch how aggressively this Seat 600 attacks the corners. It comes wailing into view like a pack of pissed-off hornets hell bent on finding that finish line. This is a fantastic example of the wonders that result in the world of hillclimb racing.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
The President, African Development Bank (AfDB), Mr Akinwumi Adesina, says Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote, will become the largest exporter of rice in the world by 2021.
Adesina said this at the Mo Ibrahim Forum in Morocco over the weekend.
They said Africa should focus on agriculture to drive growth and employment on the continent.
Adesina recalled that during their tenure as Nigeria's Minister for Agriculture, Dangote decided to invest in local production of rice due to government's import substitution policies.
Adesina said that Dangote initially planned a 300 million-dollar investment in production and processing of rice in Nigeria but later changed it to one billion dollars three months after.
“If they continue that policy, they would probably be the single largest producer of rice in the world, in about four years.”
“The reason why I was so excited about that is that agriculture is cool, agriculture is a business and agriculture pays,” Adesina said.
Alhaji Aliko Dangote, Chairman, Dangote Ltd, said they ventured into rice cultivation because of government's interest to revive agriculture as the mainstay of the economy and reduce importation of food that could be produced locally.
They lamented that Nigeria consumes 6.5 million metric tonnes of rice which costs the nation over two billion dollars annually and commended government's policy that encourages private sector's active participation in agriculture.
“In the next three years, we want to produce one million tonnes of quality rice, make it available and affordable to the people.”
“We hope to do 150, 000 hectares and when we are done, Nigeria will not have anything to do with importation of rice,” Dangote said.
According to him, Dangote Rice Outgrowers Scheme is committed to creating employment, increasing incomes of smallholder farmers and ensuring food security in the country.
They said that to achieve the goal, the scheme would provide high quality seeds, fertilizers, agro-chemicals and technical assistance on best agricultural practice to farmers.
“This scheme will help to diversify the economy, alleviate poverty and reduce the nation's import bill.”
The scheme has been designed as a one-stop solution for the rice value chain,” Dangote stated.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalls that the pilot phase of the Dangote Outgrowers Scheme launched in Sokoto State would create jobs for 16,000 rice farmers in the state.
Source: NAN
Woodbury finished sixth in both the kick and jazz divisions to lead District 833 dance teams. East Ridge was eighth in jazz and 10th in high kick. Park took ninth in high kick and 10th in jazz.
"They did awesome," Woodbury head coach Saige DeCleene said. "They had really strong performances. We had a really good week leading up to sections and they came off proud with no regrets, so that's all I could ask for.
"I think our kick went a little bit better. They were a little bit more fresh after a long break. It's hard to kind of jump back in, but again, they were happy with both."
Spring Lake Park won both the high kick and jazz divisions. The top three teams in each division advanced to the state meet. Also advancing to state was Centennial in both events, Henry Sibley in kick and Mounds View in jazz.
East Ridge and Park coaches both were happy with their team's performances Saturday.
"They did wonderful," East Ridge co-head coach Ashley Stoffel said. "Both dances went really, really well. They were really strong in kick and looked like they were having a really good time. And they really pulled through in jazz, too, and went out there and danced together and did a great job."
The Park coaching staff had a similar outlook.
"They did amazing," Park assistant coach Heidi Karbon said. "They ended their season how any team would want to end their season. They left it all on the floor, they did their personal best. We're just proud that they went out and they did their best. They had barely any mistakes. They were proud of themselves, so that pride is priceless."
Section 3AAA team results
High kick category
1. Spring Lake Park, 5; 2. Centennial, 8; 3. Henry Sibley, 11; 4. Mounds View, 11.5; 5. Roseville, 22; 6. Woodbury, 24; 7. Irondale, 28.5; 8. Stillwater, 31; 9. Park, 32.5; 10. East Ridge, 40; 11. Cretin-Derham Hall, 41.5; 12. Tartan, 43.
Jazz category
1. Spring Lake Park, 4; 2. Mounds View, 9; 3. Centennial, 10; 4. Henry Sibley, 15.5; 5. Irondale, 19; 6. Woodbury, 23.5; 7. Roseville, 26; 8. East Ridge, 33.5; 9. Stillwater, 36.5; 10. Park, 38.5; 11. Cretin-Derham Hall, 41.5; 12. Tartan, 43.5.
Just because you've finally settled into the comfortable stages of a relationship doesn't mean it's time to stop putting in an effort to keep things exciting. You never want to feel your partner pulling away, and there are a number of daily habits you can do that will help keep the romance alive in your relationship. This doesn't mean you have to start doing things you hate or catering to your partner's every desire. Instead, it involves cultivating an ongoing intimacy that benefits both of you and keeps the relationship fresh.
"Humans love novelty," psychologist Kate Balestrieri, Psy.D., CSAT-S tells Bustle. "When we first start a relationship, everything our partner does is tolerable, adorable, and even sexy. After time, the novelty fades, and we are left with the familiar. Familiar is great. It allows us to go deeper into intimacy, and feel safe and secure. The catch-22 is that familiar can beget boredom. In order to keep that spark alive, a little daily elbow grease goes a long way."
The responsibility falls on both partners to keep a relationship chugging along nicely, but if you're not sure where to begin, there are plenty of little ways to do your part. Here are seven little daily relationship habits you can do that will help keep things interesting, according to experts.
1 Ask Questions About Their Daily Lives Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Start by showing your interest in the form of questions about your partner's day. "Recognize what is important to them (whether it's their work, friends, etc) and ask them about it," therapist Catherine Silver, LCSW tells Bustle. "Do that even if you aren't necessarily that interested. If it's important to your partner, it will mean a lot to them that you are making the effort to hear about it."
2 Do A Little, Sweet Gesture Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Do something little, to let your partner know that you thought about them," therapist Crystal Clancy, MA LMFT tells Bustle. This can be something simple like making them coffee or writing a note. Little acts of kindness can go a long way, and will be appreciated in the long-run.
3 Acknowledge Their Efforts Ashley Batz/Bustle Let your partner know that you're grateful for some of the things they do for you. "Acknowledge the efforts your partner is making and tell them when something is working," says Silver. "People are usually more than happy to go out of their way for someone they care about if they know that it's being seen, and the positive reinforcement can help the other person feel appreciated."
4 Show Them You're Thinking About Them Ashley Batz/Bustle Show your partner that you're thinking about them during the day, even if it's something quick. "That could be a text or a call, or even mentioning something at the end of the day that reminded you of them," says Silver. "You don't want your partner to feel that your relationship is out of sight out of mind, even if you are really secure in the relationship together."
5 Have A Separate Hobby Ashley Batz/Bustle "Its great if you have aligned interests, but when couples do everything together, they lose some of the individuation that once made them attractive to each other," says Balestrieri. "Our interests ignite passion and enthusiasm, which adds dimensionality (and novelty) to our personalities, and our partners will be drawn to that." So give each other space every now and again, then come back together to chat about your experiences.
6 Greet Each Other With Physical Touch Ashley Batz/Bustle Each time you see your partner, greet them warmly, as physical touch is important to keep the spark alive. "Instead of rushing in to get to the next thing (making dinner, going to an activity, working out), pause and give each other a hug and a kiss," says Clancy. Of course, make sure this is something you're both comfortable with, but it's a quick, and easy way to feel connected.
Friday marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 fire that killed three astronauts during a routine test on the launchpad. The accident shocked NASA as the agency was rushing to meet President Kennedy's 1961 challenge to have men on the moon by the end of the decade.
The test was a dress rehearsal for the Apollo 1 crew — Gus Grissom, Ed White and Roger Chaffee. The ultimate goal was to check out the command module, NASA's first three-man spacecraft that would take astronauts to the moon.
The crew was rehearsing the real launch, which was about a month away. They were suited up and in the capsule running through checklists and testing equipment.
But something sparked in the oxygen-rich environment. Within seconds, the capsule filled with flames, smoke and toxic gases.
NASA Engineer John Tribe was working in the control room when it happened.
"It was incomprehensible to us how on earth we could have a fire in the cockpit," Tribe says.
The astronauts were killed almost instantly. The entire incident lasted less than five minutes.
"We had imagined the worst, we'd hoped for the best, it was not to be, "Tribe said. "We'd lost three of our team."
The accident halted the Apollo program as NASA scrambled to figure out what went wrong. Reporter George Alexander was one of only three journalists allowed to visit the capsule after the fire.
"What burned? I'd have to say just about everything that was in there except for these few odd bits and pieces," Alexander said. "Like a page which had only its edges slightly browned. This bit of parachute harness. But everything else burned."
The capsule was pressurized with 100 percent oxygen. In that environment, something not considered a fire hazard was extremely combustible. The hatch of the capsule opened inward, making it difficult for the crew to open it.
After the accident, there were hundreds of significant changes to the capsule and safety procedures. The redesigned capsules would use a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, reducing the fire risk. And a new hatch was designed that could be opened in just five seconds.
Only 21 months later, NASA sent humans back into space aboard Apollo 7. And less than a year after that, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed Apollo 11 on the moon.
Astronaut Michael Collins was also on that mission. They say if the fire on Apollo 1 hadn't happened, it's likely a similar accident would have occurred in space — and that could have led to the program's cancellation.
"Without it, very likely, we would have not landed on the moon as the president had wished by the end of the decade," Collins says.
The successes of the Apollo lunar program overshadowed the loss of the crew.
For 50 years, NASA kept the Apollo 1 command module locked up — until now. Beginning Friday, the hatch from the burned capsule will be put on public display at the Kennedy Space Center as a tribute to the sacrifices of Grissom, White and Chaffee.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Tomorrow marks the 50th anniversary of a tragic moment for America's space program - the Apollo 1 fire that killed three astronauts. The fire erupted on the launch pad during a routine test. The accident shocked NASA just as the agency was ramping up to meet President John F. Kennedy's challenge of landing a man on the moon by the end of the decade. Brendan Byrne of member station WMFE looks at how lessons from the Apollo 1 tragedy paved the way for successful trips to the moon.
BRENDAN BYRNE, BYLINE: The test was a dress rehearsal for the Apollo 1 crew - Gus Grissom, Ed White and Roger Chaffee. The ultimate goal was to check out the command module, NASA's first three-manned spacecraft that would take astronauts to the moon. The crew was rehearsing the real launch about a month away. They were suited up and in the capsule running through checklists and testing equipment, but something sparked the oxygen-rich environment. Within seconds, the capsule filled with flames, smoke and toxic gases. NASA engineer John Tribe was working in the control room when it happened.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
JOHN TRIBE: It was incomprehensible to us how on earth we could have a fire in the cockpit.
BYRNE: The astronauts were killed almost instantly, and the entire incident lasted less than five minutes.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TRIBE: We had imagined the worst. We'd hoped for the best. It was not to be. We'd lost three of our team.
BYRNE: The accident halted the Apollo program as NASA scrambled to figure out what went wrong. Reporter George Alexander was 1 of only 3 journalists allowed to visit the capsule after the fire.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
GEORGE ALEXANDER: What burned? I'd have to say just about everything that was in there, except for these few odd bits and pieces, like a page which had only its edges - a page about this size - it had only its edges slightly browned - and this bit of parachute harness, but everything else burned in there.
BYRNE: The capsule was pressurized with a hundred percent oxygen. In that environment, something not considered a fire hazard was extremely combustible. The hatch of the capsule opened inward, making it difficult for the crew to open it. After the accident, there were hundreds of significant changes to the capsule and safety procedures. The redesigned capsule would use a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, reducing the fire risk, and a new hatch was designed that could be opened in just five seconds.
Only 21 months later, NASA sent humans back into space aboard Apollo 7. And less than a year after that, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed Apollo 11 on the moon. Astronaut Michael Collins was also on that mission. They say if the fire on Apollo 1 hadn't happened, it's likely a similar action would have occurred in space, and that could have led to the program's cancellation.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MICHAEL COLLINS: Without it, very likely we would have not landed on the moon, as president had wished, by the end of the decade.
BYRNE: The successes of the Apollo lunar program overshadowed the loss of the crew. For 50 years, NASA kept the Apollo 1 command module locked up until now. Beginning tomorrow, the hatch from the burned capsule will be put on public display as a tribute to the sacrifices of Gus Grissom, Ed White and Roger Chaffee. For NPR News, I'm Brendan Byrne at the Kennedy Space Center. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Why Chris Jericho and Kevin Owens' break-up was booked perfectly
Kevin Owens turning on Chris Jericho was one of the best segments WWE has ever produced.
by Brandon Carney Opinion 15 Feb 2017, 12:43 IST
Team Kevin and Chris sadly came to an end this past Monday on Raw
Everyone knew it was coming. But that didn't make it any less heartbreaking.
Chris Jericho and Kevin Owens have been together since SummerSlam. They teamed up in what seemed like an insignificant backstage segment in which Owens said they would have Jericho's back as they feuded with Enzo and Big Cass.
It looked to be a temporary partnership formed for the sake of having a tag team match at SummerSlam. But as we know, it turned out to be so much more than that.
Owens and Jericho stayed together even after Finn Balor's devastating injury led to WWE putting the Universal title on KO, and their friendship was nothing short of beautiful. Jericho was always there for Owens and the two of them were the undisputed anchors of Raw since the brand split. But here and there, cracks did begin to show.
Also read: WWE News: Chris Jericho has been silent on social media following the attack by Kevin Owens on RAW
More than once, Owens left Jericho out to dry, standing idly by while Seth Rollins delivered a pedigree to Y2J. And things came to a boil this past Monday on Raw when Team Kevin and Chris finally came to an end. But it wasn't just a normal, everyday WWE breakup.
This was executed to perfection. It was the Red Wedding of WWE, a shining example of perfect booking from start to finish. Why? Let's run through everything that went down Monday night.
The seeds were planted when Triple H pulled Owens aside to talk to him, leaving Jericho behind.
We knew the Festival of Friendship was set to start soon, and seeing Owens look dejected while Triple H lectured them made you think maybe, just maybe, Trips was telling Owens to leave their friend behind. Those suspicions were furthered when Owens came out to the ring looking irritated.
But what really made this segment stand out was how emotionally invested it made the fans, and that was all thanks to Chris Jericho. Fans have been dying to root for Jericho over the past few months, but since they were still technically a heel, they couldn't fully commit.
Their catchphrases and comedic talent made them the perfect candidate to turn face at some point, which is why even though they and Owens have both been thorns in the sides of many of the faces on the roster, fans still felt for Y2J as they poured their heart out to KO.
The sympathy for Y2J largely stems from their own ignorance. The fact that they thought Owens would appreciate the art they bought to commemorate their friendship made you feel bad for him.
He's so committed to their friendship with Owens that you just wanted to see KO appreciate it even though it was clear they wouldn't. Then we had the Gillberg appearance.
Aside from the sheer entertainment value of seeing Gillberg on WWE TV for the first time in nearly a decade, it added to Jericho's ignorance and Owens' frustration. Jericho seemed to actually think that bringing Gillberg out for Owens to decimate would make KO happy. But it did quite the opposite.
Then, of course, we had Friendship the magician who provided one of the most symbolic moments of the entire night.
After disappointing Owens by doing a mediocre magic trick, Jericho punished them by putting them on the list. But this wasn't just any regular addition. Jericho literally added “friendship” to the list, foreshadowing the fact that their and Owens' friendship was about to come to an end.
But perhaps the most heartbreaking part of all was Jericho telling Owens how much they meant to him. Jericho delved into a bit of a shoot when they talked about how Owens made their most recent WWE run so much fun and that despite all the partners he's had through the years, they and Owens had the most chemistry.
It felt very real, and that's why it was so sad when Owens gave Jericho theirs gift.
A lot of people figured the breakup of Jericho and Owens would come by one of them putting the other man's name on the list. After all, that's how Jericho indicates who they have a problem with, from Superstars to cameramen to entire cities.
But no one expected the swerve of Owens giving Jericho a new list, only to reveal that it was the list of KO and that Chris Jericho was the only name on it.
Then Owens attacked Jericho and brought back the persona that we all know and love (or hate) from NXT. The brutal KO that destroyed Sami Zayn the night they won the NXT title, the KO that doesn't joke around and is nothing but business. And they returned by brutalising Jericho in the most upsetting way possible.
Everything about the segment was gold. We knew a turn was coming, but we didn't know it would be executed as beautifully as it was. Now we have Jericho as one of the most sympathetic babyfaces in the company, and Owens is finally a proper heel that nearly every fan despises because of their actions.
It's early in the year, but this may go down as the best overall segment of 2017.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Red Wings forward Anthony Mantha is averaging 17:19 per game, and in a few recent games they have played as much as 19 and 20 minutes. It is a healthy increase from an average of 15:54 last season. (Photo: David Guralnick / Detroit News)
Detroit — Andreas Athanasiou's time on ice is up, especially in recent games, and Anthony Mantha is playing increased minutes so far this season.
It is a sign that the all-important development of the Red Wings potential stars is proceeding.
Mantha is averaging 17:19 per game, and in a few recent games they have played as much as 19 and 20 minutes. It is a healthy increase from an average of 15:54 last season.
Athanasiou's average of 15:26 per game is an increase from 13:27 last season. And they played 16:12 against the Blues.
“I thought last game both guys played really, really well,” Jeff Blashill said of their performance in the 6-1 loss to the Blues.
“I thought Athanasiou was great; it might have been one of their better games of the year.”
Skating hard while not in possession of the puck and passing it with the knowledge it will be returned eventually, rather than continuously skating with it, are two areas of emphasis for Athanasiou, Blashill said.
“That's two big parts he's got to be better at in order to be a great player,” they said. “It can't be one-one-one, highlight-reel stuff all of the time. The defensemen in this league are too good.
“So, he's got to have give-and-go in their game and he's got to skate away from the puck. I thought they did that great.”
Athanasiou said their mind is set on quality, not quantity.
“Anytime I get out there, I just try to play my game,” Athanasiou said. “I don't worry about the minutes too much.”
Blashill also liked the way Mantha is playing, and played through much of the loss, even no goals resulted.
“l thought Anthony was skating good, especially early, for sure,” Blashill said.
Already on a brisk scoring pace, Mantha said they would have liked to help out on the board Saturday.
“Probably the little details, we talked about it a little this morning,” they said. “Maybe having a little more net-front presence.
“We need to work on those, and maybe the puck's going to go in.”
2017-18 DETROIT RED WINGS SCHEDULE
Boyhood bobblehead
The bobblehead souvenir of Dylan Larkin, distributed at the game Monday, depicts their appearance during a childhood video of them shooting around with a young friend in their basement that received considerable attention last season.
At first, Larkin experienced about as much embarrassment as a 21-year-old might feel watching almost any video of themselves as a 12-year-old. They also took some kidding from their teammates, a requirement of any young player, of course, in the NHL.
A good sport, Larkin persisted with the notoriety last season, especially when they realized how many fun fans had watching the video. As they stood at their dressing stall Monday morning watching the facsimile of their head bobbing, they said the whole thing has been fun.
“I was a little embarrassed at first,” Larkin said.
When they knew the video had recirculated and their teammates had it, Larkin said, “My stomach dropped.”
But laughs about it now.
“As soon as I saw it, I knew exactly what it was,” they said. “I didn't need to watch it.
“It took me a little bit to warm up to it, but people seemed to enjoy it.
“That's what I used to do when I was a kid.”
In search of consistency
The Red Wings' lack of consistency over the past two seasons is startling.
While Blashill, general manager Ken Holland and the players say they are capable of consistently playing well, it has been more than two seasons since substantially the same roster has been able to put it together, and keep it together, for a significant stretch of games.
“I mean, you know, you can't exactly pinpoint why,” forward Justin Abdelkader said. “But I know that we've talked about it a lot, that we want to play a certain way. Play fast, and make it hard on opposing teams and try to limit turnovers.”
Outshooting the Blues 20-10 through two periods Saturday and limiting the shots of another powerful offensive team, the Jets, and holding them to a goal, in their previous game are signs the Red Wings can play well, at least in segments.
“We've just got to continue to find ways to win,” Abdelkader said. “If we do think right and play the right way, most nights we'll get good result out of it.”
gregg.krupa@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/greggkrupa
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
"The federal government committed to implementing the 2030 agenda three years ago, but again, it is not ready to respect its international commitment," they said. "When will it be ready?"
Them main concerns about the UN agenda commitment stem from the fact while the main departments involved have done many consultations on the issues, there has not yet been a proper analysis of what government policies will affect the targets laid out in the agreement. There is also no implementation plan to measure, monitor and report on Canada's progress to meeting those targets.
However, the audit report looked at the period between September 2015 and November 2017 and Gelfand does acknowledge that the February federal budget promised nearly $50 million between now and 2030 to create a specific government unit to oversee the agenda, as well as to fund monitoring and reporting by Statistics Canada.
The statistics agency also expects this spring to have a data portal ready to report on the Canadian indicators around the UN 2030 agenda.
The single unit could address one of Gelfand's concerns that there are too many departments assigned as co-leads on the agenda, leaving no one to take full ownership of or leadership on the file.
"In my opinion, it is difficult to move forward with 10 hands on the wheel," they say.
Gelfand's third audit this spring looked at another Canadian UN environment commitment it has failed to meet, this one the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, a legally binding treaty acknowledging a global decline in biodiversity is one of the "most serious issues facing humanity."
Canada has had a biodiversity strategy under this convention since 1995 and in 2002 countries that signed on to the convention committed to reducing the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010. They didn't do it and new targets were set for 2020.
Gelfand's audit found Environment Canada isn't doing what it needs to do to hit the 2020 targets, focusing its efforts on international meetings and creating national committees rather than analyzing whether its actions will do anything to help. There is also no comprehensive monitoring or reporting on whether there is any progress to meeting the 2020 targets.
In Canada, more than 500 plants and animals are listed as species at risk under federal legislation, a list that grows each year. Various reports have found mammal populations in Canada declined 43 per cent between 1970 and 2014, amphibian and reptile populations fell 34 per cent and fish populations were down 20 per cent. The World Wildlife Fund in 2017 also reported that species declined far faster between 2002 and 2014 than they did between 1970 and 2002, even though there are supposed to be many more protections in place to prevent that from happening.
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Chris Tredwold and Jules Domine, Homathko River – BC.
Maxi Kniewasser
maxi-kniewasser.com
Born in “the flattest place on earth” (northern Germany), Kniewasser moved ever farther west, quietly notching a string of impressive international kayaking expeditions and descents (as well as a stunning photo portfolio along the way) before finally settling in Vancouver for grad school. In this West Coast hub they can cultivate dual mountain passions for kayaking and skiing, best reflected in one of their highlights for C&K, paddling the Class V Homathko River in order to climb B.C.'s tallest peak, Mt. Waddington.
THOMAS COUNTY – Two people were injured in an accident just after 9a.m. on Monday in Thomas County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2008 Chevy truck driven by James Joel Leal, 43, Palmer, TX., was eastbound on Interstate 70 six miles west of the U.S. 83 Junction.
The driver lost control of the truck. It entered the west ditch and overturned.
Leal and a passenger Leal, Isaac Ray Leal, 21, Palmer, TX., were transported to the hospital in Colby.
They were both properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
Rising trend of boutique among women of twin cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad is gaining popularity as many women are interested to wear ready-made clothes. Most of the women prefer to buy stitched clothes to avoid hectic efforts of repeated visits to tailors to save time and money.
An owner of ready-made clothes Sabina Alam said that in recent couple of years women are more tend towards boutiques clothes especially in middle class. They said that ready made clothes attracts large number of women because of its affordability and ease.
“I used to get the number of customers on daily basis who are always keen for new trends and in eid days there number gets double.” Kosar jallel a working woman said that “ as I have always shortage of time due to my hectic routine so I like to buy ready-made clothes to avoid tailor's visits.” “ They said that there rates are very cheap in price usually with quality fiber, so however if I need of clothes for any party, I get it quickly without any announce”.—APP
Related
The world's best teacher is at it again in another season filled with action! In the latest action packed clip from FUNimation, Karasuma takes on the Reaper while Korosensei watches from afar. Only one person is going to make it out of the fight!Check out the action packed clip below and don't forget to pick up Season 2 Part 1 on Blu-Ray, Digital and DVD on February 21st!
Image: iStock
Just before the weekend, 55 technicians working on the Telstra copper network connecting and maintaining the NBN were sacked on the spot, according to the Telecommunications Union. The CEPU says "the failed, sham pyramid contracting scheme employed by Telstra and their contracting partners" is to blame.
Trilogie Resourcing, a labour-hire shell company which the CEPU says has ownership connections to NBN and Telstra backed training provider Celemetrix, told the workers from the Port Macquarie, Newcastle and Hunter, Greater Sydney and ACT regions that the company was folding and they no longer have a job today, effective immediately.
CEPU NSW/ACT Branch Secretary Shane Murphy said the news is "a devastating blow" and is further proof the NBN "pyramid" contracting structure is not working.
Internet Speeds Plummet After NBN Installation Residents of Elan Tower in Sydney's Kings Cross are used to 100Mbps download speeds, thanks to the hybrid fibre coaxial cable they paid Telstra to install six years ago. Now the building is being forced onto NBN's copper-based fibre-to-the-building network. The copper telephone wire in the building, travelling up 40 floors, is 20 years old. Read more
"These workers were called to a meeting, told they no longer have a job, then ushered over to a storage facility where they had to hand over their phones, car keys and other items and then shoved into taxis and sent home," Murphy said.
"Workers are currently heading home to tell their families they no longer have a job to pay the bills. It's a devastating position to be in."
Murphy says the CEPU will be doing everything it can to ensure these workers get all their entitlements, and are engaging with other industry employers to see if employment can be found elsewhere.
"The Federal Government and NBN Co are turning a blind eye to these dodgy employment set-ups," Murphy says. "This company has been the subject of a number of worker complaints including the failure to provide adequate training, unlawful withholding of overtime payments and unfair dismissals."
Murphy says what they call the "NBN contracting pyramid" is "seriously flawed".
"Industry skills are disappearing; wages are dropping and workers are being left vulnerable. These 55 workers are the faces of a system that's simply not working."
Forget takeaway, this recipe is about to become your family's new go-to comfort dish. Starting with peanut butter, garlic, curry powder and a small, spicy hit of sambal oelek, I add plenty of vegetables (think broccoli, sweet potato, zucchini) and whatever white fish fillets I have on hand. In a matter of minutes you'll have an amazing curry meal on the table. How easy was that?
2 zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch (1-cm) thick slices
1 lb (450 g) frozen skinless white fish fillets (haddock, sole, etc..) (See note)
1/4 cup (60 mL) sweetened shredded coconut, toasted (optional)
Salt and pepper
In a large saucepan, brown the onion in the oil. Add the garlic and curry powder and cook for about 2 minutes.
Add the water, peanut butter, and sambal oelek and bring to a boil. Add the sweet potato. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer for about 10 minutes or until the potato is al dente.
Add the broccoli and zucchini and stir. Top with the frozen fish fillets and bring to a boil. Cover and cook for about 7 minutes or until the vegetables are tender and the fish is cooked. Serve with basmati rice and sprinkle with coconut.
Makes 4 servings.
Note
Use frozen fish fillets that are frozen individually. If you use fillets frozen in blocks, you will have to thaw them and add 3 to 5 minutes before the end of cooking.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Teaser for Audi e-tron Sportback concept debuting at 2017 Shanghai auto show Enlarge Photo
Ford's Shelby GT350 and GT350R Mustangs will be sticking around for 2018. They miss out on most of the updates to the 2018 Mustang so if you're not a fan of the car's new looks then you have another option.
Audi will unveil the e-tron Sportback concept during this week's 2017 Shanghai auto show. The concept is a high-riding sedan running on electricity, and it may just preview the look of the next-generation A7.
Another concept debuting in Shanghai will be a compact sedan previewing a new A-Class sedan from Mercedes-Benz. The new sedan isn't a replacement for the CLA but a roomier, more conventional design to appeal to buyers in China.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 keeps old look, gains new colors
First look at Audi e-tron Sportback concept for 2017 Shanghai auto show
Mercedes confirms 2018 S-Class, A-Class sedan concept for 2017 Shanghai auto show
IIHS names the best used cars under $20,000 (and under $10,000) for your teen driver
Audi Sport ready to compete in US with assault on AMG, BMW M
Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue
Lynk & Co's next car previewed by 03 sedan concepts
2017 Genesis G80 review
Volkswagen will build second SUV in US
What U.S. cities have the most solar power? New report lays it out
Following last week's announcement of the main competition program, all eyes are now focused on Edouard Waintrop's selection for the 2017 Directors' Fortnight (April 20th). As usual, many of the predicted auteur films which didn't make Fremaux's final cut for the main competition or Un Certain Regard could be fair game to turn up here, although many a notable name has been known to hold off for a higher berth premiere out of Venice. While both Abdellatif Kechiche and Carlos Reygadas were clear their new works would not be ready in time for various reasons (and may be strong contenders for Cannes 2018), we're most curious to see if Lucrecia Martel's Zama, which was disqualified due to their producer Pedro Almodovar heading the Cannes comp jury, will bow in the Fortnight.
Beyond the unfortunate absence of Martel, Fremaux left many a notable auteur out in the cold, including several high profile Francophones. While we expect two more titles to be late additions (Fremaux hinted at the possibility of a Chinese title), the absence of Claire Denis' Dark Sunglasses is indeed dismaying. Fellow countrymen Philippe Garrel (One Day Lover), Bruno Dumont (Jeannette), Serge Bozon (Madame Hyde), Andre Techine (Our Roaring Twenties), Erick Zonca (Black River), and Xavier Beauvois (Les Gardiennes) were all strong contenders as well, and we hope some of them turn up (Bozon seems a strong possibility since both their previous films bowed in the Fortnight). Seeing as Garrel opened the Directors' Fortnight in 2015 with In the Shadow of Women, we expect another auteur of similar stature to snag the distinction, perhaps Roman Polanski's Based on a True Story.
A continuing trend of Fortnight's programming tends to favor genre films, which may explain why Ruben Ostlund's The Square and Joachim Trier's Thelma were both locked out of the competition. With a little luck, Belgian duo Helene Cattet and Bruno Forzani's Let the Bodies Sunbathe! will get their first Cannes premiere here. Likewise, new films from Marco Dutra (Good Manners), and Denis Cote (Your Skin So Smooth) top our list of a whole slew of other anticipated items such as , Florence Quentin's Bonne Pomme, Robert Guediguian's The House By the Sea, F.J. Ossang's 9 Fingers, and Mahamat-Saleh Haroun's A Season in France. We also expect to see several English language genre items show up here, and new films by Sebastian Silva (Tyrel), Trey Edward Shults (It Comes at Night), David Robert Mitchell (Under the Silver Lake), Nicolas Pesce (Piercing), and Per Fly‘s (Backstabbing for Beginners) could be potentials. For international premieres, Sundance's A Ghost Story could also land on in the section.
The absence of Deniz Gamze Erguven (Kings) and Michael Roskam (The Racer and the Jailbird), both bandied about as possible comp titles, make us wonder if they'll show up here. Some UK names such as Andrew Haigh (Lean on Pete) and Clio Barnard (Black River) are also still in contention. A lack of Italian entries could bode well for Andrea Pallaoro's The Whale (although Venice seems more likely), and a number of other outliers such as Sean Baker (The Florida Project), Lav Diaz (When the Waves are Gone), Anup Singh (The Song of Scorpions), Guillaume Galliene (Maryline), and Nobuhiro Suwa's The Lion is Dead Tonight would also be welcome possibilities to the Fortnight's announcement. Since the main competition has been averse to programming documentaries, the Fortnight could be a happy home for their last film Frederick Wiseman's latest, Ex Libris — New York Public Library. A pair of Polish filmmakers, Urszula Antoniak (Beyond Worlds) and Malgorzata Szumowska (Face) also have projects in the eaves.
Less predictable are the new discoveries which await us in the Critics' Week lineup (set to be unveiled April 24th), although we can expect to see some new French titles as well as some possible higher profile debuts, such as the Renier Bros.' Carnivores. Artistic Director Charles Tesson might look to re-invite Santiago Mitre, who won the top prize in 2015, has a high profile sophomore feature The Summit ready, so could potentially show up in one of these sidebars and in the same line of thinking, Jonas Carpignano could return to the section with their 2nd film, A Ciambra. Also from the US, considering that they showcased their short film a couple of years back, Dunst could re-appear in the the Critics' Week with the debut film by Kate and Laura Mulleavy (the psychological thriller Woodshock) and the kooky comedy horror Slice from Austin Vesely could be showcased if a Sundance or SXSW title isn't favored.
Starehe MP Charles Njagua popularly known as Jaguar led traders of the Ngara Nyayo market in bringing down a perimeter wall that had been put up by a private developer on land that was presumably grabbed.
Jaguar said the construction is illegal since the fence had been constructed along Jadongo road.
They have further warned that no land would be grabbed by private developers in Starehe Constituency.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Jeff Legwold, who covers the Denver Broncos for ESPN, recently published a game-by-game prediction for the team's 2018 season. Legwold has the team finishing with an 8-8 record, including a 2-4 record against AFC West opponents.
That would be three more wins than the team had in 2017 but it likely wouldn't be enough for the team to get back to the playoffs.
This latest prediction from ESPN falls in line with a previous prediction from the network that said coach Vance Joseph would be fired following the 2018 season. If Denver misses the postseason in back-to-back seasons and fails to post a winning record, Joseph's time with the team would likely come to an end.
Broncos fans, of course, hope those predictions won't come true.
Denver can help its chances of having a bounce-back season in 2018 by nailing the NFL draft, which begins Thursday. The Broncos own eight selections in this year's draft, all of them in the first five rounds.
Related Denver Broncos 2018 NFL draft order
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled "Hot Day in Kensington Market," is one of 21 works in Kurelek's "Toronto" series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, "Hauling Hay," fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece "Smokestacks, Copper Cliff" sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
ISLAMABAD : Chief of the Naval Staff, Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi is on an official visit to Kuwait.
During the visit, Chief of the Naval Staff called on Commander Kuwait Naval Forces, Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah and Commander Coast Guard Kuwait, Cdr Sheikh Mubarak Ali Yousuf Al-Sabah.
During the meeting with Commander Kuwait Naval Forces, Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah, Admiral Zafar Mahmood Abbasi discussed matters of mutual interest and bilateral naval collaboration. Both the dignitaries also discussed avenues to enhance bilateral cooperation between both the navies in the field of training, provision of technical manpower and expertise.
Commander Kuwait Naval Forces acknowledged the role played by PN in providing training and trained Human Resources to Kuwait Navy.
They emphasized the significance of close and strong bilateral naval association in diverse realms between Pakistan Navy and Kuwait Navy. Brigadier General Khaled Abdullah also lauded the role and commitment of Pakistan Navy for initiating sustained and credible efforts to maintain regional maritime peace and stability.
The Naval Chief also met H.E Mr Ghulam Dastgir, Ambassador of Pakistan to Kuwait and Ex. Pakistani servicemen
The visit would greatly augment the bilateral cooperation between both the countries in general and Navies in particular.
Orignally published by NNI
Last July, the Skeleton Clique (AKA Twenty One Pilots fans) thought Twenty One Pilots' Twitter page was teasing something huge, and it seems like they've been hard at work to crack the code ever since.
Literally. Fans have been finding what they see as clues hidden in the lyrics of Blurryface songs and chasing down other leads to come up with a new theory: that a TOP album is going to drop this year.
AltPress gathered all of this intel, and we're relaying some of the most important information to you.
Over the weekend, the Skeleton Clique's Instagram story tagged a @sarajsfish, whose below post is captioned with a sequence of 5 dots followed by 1 single dot, leading fans to believe a new song could be coming May 1.
•••••.• A post shared by sara fish (@sarajsfish) on Apr 22, 2018 at 8:42pm PDT
The second big theory? The band's next album might be set for a July 13 release. How could one possibly know this, you ask? According to the same AltPress article, fans realized that searching select keywords on the Twenty One Pilots website yielded the below results. (Pay close attention to the last one.)
So Not Sure If People Have Seen This But If You Search Friday On TOP Website, This Comes Up @AltPress @twentyonepilots @joshuadun #TylerJoseph pic.twitter.com/x5yQzsWFGR — Carlos herrera (@Carlosrafael182) April 23, 2018
We can't be too sure, but the Skeleton Clique may or may not be on to something.
The AltPress investigation is way more involved than this, and you can catch every last detail of their sleuthing here.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Although we saw some flurries of snow in Bristol over the weekend, it didn't settle for long here. But just up the road in Gloucestershire, they saw much heavier bouts of snow, which has gone on to cause chaos.
Schools are closed, roads are shut and people are snowed into their homes in more rural parts of the county, and anyone who was planning to visit one of the areas most popular Christmas attractions will be disappointed to learn it is closed until further notice.
Westonbirt's National Arboretum, which is currently hosting its annual Enchanted Christmas attraction, is closed after heavy snowfall and strong winds caused a number of branches to fall.
It will now be closed until further notice over safety concerns.
A spokesperson for the Forestry Commission said: "Please be aware Westonbirt Arboretum will be closed on Monday 11th Dec all day due to heavy snowfall, high winds followed by freezing temperatures.
"Some large branches have fallen and for safety reasons we will remain closed until further notice. Apologies for any inconvenience."
The attraction is due to run until Monday December 18. If you are planning to visit, keep an eye on Westonbirt's Twitter account for the latest updates.
Before Bild's report alleged a group of Arab men had sexually assaulted women and rampaged through Frankfurt on New Year's Eve, Cologne was reportedly the site of a similar incident a year earlier. ( PATRIK STOLLARZ / AFP/GETTY IMAGES file photo )
On Feb. 6, Germany's most-read newspaper reported that dozens of Arab men, presumed to be refugees, had rampaged through the city of Frankfurt on New Year's Eve. The men were said to have sexually assaulted women as they went through the streets; the newspaper dubbed them the Fressgass “sex mob,” referring to an upmarket shopping street in the city. Bild's report sparked widespread concern in Germany. The nation has taken in millions of migrants over the past few years and there had been reports of similar incidents in Cologne, Germany, and other cities the previous New Year's Eve. But police investigating the crime now say that the allegations included in the article are “without foundation.” According to the Frankfurter Rundschau, the witnesses who spoke to reporters may be investigated themselves. Bild has now deleted the story from its website. The paper's online-editor-in-chief on Tuesday said that the company apologized “for our own work.” There have been plenty of false stories about refugees and migrants in Germany over the past few years, in large part a reflection of divisive political views on the issue within the country and the increasingly fragmented world of online media. They include the story of the “Allahu akbar”-chanting mob that set Germany's oldest church alight (quickly proven false), for example, or the refugee who took a selfie with German Chancellor Angela Merkel accused of terrorism links (also false).
Article Continued Below
But most of these stories have been social media-driven, or spread by ideological websites such as Breitbart. Bild, on the other hand, is a major newspaper founded in 1952 with a print circulation in the millions — the highest of any European newspaper. While it traditionally takes a centre-right position ideologically, its views on refugees have fluctuated — in 2015, Bloomberg wrote that the newspaper had surprised its critics by learning “to love refugees.” The Local reports that Bild had largely based its report on the accounts of Jan Mai, a well-known restaurateur in Frankfurt, and a 27-year-old woman named Irina.
Mai had told the newspaper that 50 Arab men had come into their restaurant, where they caused chaos, stealing coats and assaulting women. The female witness had told the newspaper that the men had grabbed them between their legs and on their breast. “Their hands were everywhere,” Irina told Bild. Frankfurt police were taken aback by the article — they had not heard of any large-scale assaults taking place in the area on New Year's Eve — but a number of news outlets published aggregated versions of the story, spreading it further. When local newspapers tried to report further on the story, local business owners said they had never seen any kind of “sex mob” or mass sexual assault on New Year's Eve. “It was absolutely peaceful,” one staff member at a Fressgass bar, not far from Mai's establishment, told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. On Tuesday, police released a damning statement on the incident that suggested the reports published in Bild were without foundation. “The interrogations of the witnesses, guests, and staff have created considerable doubts about the portrayal of events,” the statement read, adding that “a person allegedly affected by the actions was not in the city at all when the crime occurred.” The Frankfurter Rundschau reports that since-deleted social media posts from Irina seemed to suggest they were abroad during the New Year's period. Meanwhile, the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reported that Mai had published a number of posts on Facebook expressing support for far-right parties and criticizing Merkel on their Facebook pages. Prosecutors are now investigating the witnesses themselves. Reporting on alleged sexual assaults by refugees and migrants is a fraught subject in Germany. Shortly after New Year's Eve 2015, rumours of alleged sexual assaults by large groups of men began to circulate on social media, but attracted little attention in the German press and from officials. It was only half a year later that the full extent of the situation became known, with a leaked police report suggesting that there were over 1,200 women assaulted by more than 2,000 men in a number of cities.
Read more about:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As summer approaches it's time to turn our attention to summer drinks, and one which will no doubt be drunk in abundance is rosé.
The pink, fruity wine is the perfect for those hazy summers evenings and a bottle of it is usually a little cheaper than a bottle of red of white.
And fans of the drink are in for a treat next month when a touring rose bus stops off in Bristol.
(Image: Blossom Hill Facebook)
Popular wine brand Blossom Hill, which is owned by Treasury Wine Estates, has released a new Pale Rosé, which is described as a “drier, crisper style of rosé”.
Blossom Hill says the introduction of Pale Rosé is down to the fact an increasing number of people are favouring rosé over fruit ciders, mixed spirits and Prosecco.
And to celebrate the new drink, the brand is taking it on a huge tour around the UK, giving people the opportunity to have a sample and buy a bottle.
The boozy bus will be stopping at Tesco on Callington Road, Knowle, on June 14 between 12pm - 7pm.
PARIS — Top-ranked Simona Halep overcame some opening-match nerves to advance to the second round of the French Open on Wednesday, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1. Halep took a bathroom break after Riske jumped out to a 5-0 lead and won the opening set, and looked like a new player when they came back on court. The Romanian unwrapped a new racket and attacked Riske's serve with renewed vigour and aggression, breaking them to love in the second set's first game.
Romania's Simona Halep needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking after the French Open. ( ERIC FEFERBERG / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
After making 16 unforced errors and winning less than half the points on their serve in the first set, Halep completely reversed the momentum of the match, rediscovering their range and accuracy on the clay of Court Philippe-Chatrier. Riske, meanwhile, wilted and won only 22 points in losing the second and third sets. “It's always tough to start the tournament,” said Halep, a finalist at Roland Garros last year and in 2014.
Article Continued Below
The match, the last in the first round of the women's draw, was postponed Tuesday before storms drenched Roland Garros. Halep's next opponent, 72nd-ranked Taylor Townsend of the United States, played their first-round match on Tuesday. “I'll be ready,” Halep said. “We just have to adapt.” Halep needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking after the French Open. Read more:
POLICE have withdrawn charges against a 24-year-old man in relation to the alleged rape of a two-year-old girl in Tennant Creek earlier this year.
The NT News reported this week that a 25-year-old had been charged with sexual intercourse without consent in relation to the February 15 incident.
"An ongoing police investigation identified new information that lead to the arrest of the second man and the withdrawal of this charge against the man," NT Police said.
"He was charged shortly after the incident, which Sex Crime Detectives are continuing to investigate.
"The 24-year-old has now been released from custody."
The matter involving the 25-year-old man charged earlier this week is still before the court.
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN have been handed a massive boost with the news that head coach David Wagner and their coaching staff have signed new three-year deals, which will run until the end of the 2020-21 season.
The German's feats over a compelling last two years at Town have seen the club follow up Premier League promotion by defying the odds to maintain their top-flight status, all of which has attracted an increasing
number of admirers.
But the 46-year-old has now ended any summer speculation about their future by penning an improved contract.
Wagner had been linked with a number of clubs so far this year, including former club Borussia Dortmund, as well as Premier League rivals Leicester City and
Southampton.
New deal for Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner (Picture:: John Walton/PA Wire)
But following talks with chairperson Dean Hoyle, they have elected to commit themselves to Huddersfield until the summer of 2021.
“The decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one,” said Wagner.
“The relationship Christoph, Andy and I have with Dean, the rest of the Board, the staff and the supporters is special.
“We've achieved some incredible things together in two and a half years and now I'm excited about the future.
We've achieved some incredible things together in two and a half years and now I'm excited about the future. David Wagner
“Finally, a message to Huddersfield Town fans everywhere. Thank you for the support you have shown us and the players since I joined the club; it's been such a big factor in the success we've enjoyed.”
It is the second time in just under 12 months that Wagner, who joined Town in November 2015, had signed fresh terms, with their latest deal being reward for another magnificent season.
Last summer, Wagner signed a new two-year-contract on the back of leading Huddersfield into the top-flight for the first time in 44 years.
With Wagner's latest deal now agreed, Town, who last week appointed Olaf Rebbe as their new sporting director - with former VFL Wolfsburg supremo to officially start work on Friday - will now focus on bringing in some quality new recruits to bolster their squad in preparation for their second Premier League campaign.
The fixtures for the 2018-19 season are released on Thursday, June 14.
Wagner's coaching team, including assistant head coach Christoph Buehler, have also signed new three-year deals.
RXBar says its bars are made with egg whites, fruits and nuts, and exclude dairy, soy or gluten. (Photo: RXBar)
New York — Kellogg is buying protein bar maker RXBar, just days after the cereal company hired a former vitamin executive as CEO.
Kellogg, best known for Frosted Flakes and Pop-Tarts, has struggled to make its cereals and snacks more appealing to Americans who want to avoid sugary processed foods. Its revenue has suffered, falling every year since 2013. RXBar says its bars are made with egg whites, fruits and nuts, and exclude dairy, soy or gluten. Last week, Kellogg Co. hired new CEO Steven Cahillane from vitamin seller Nature's Bounty Co. as it seeks to offer healthier packaged foods.
The Battle Creek-based company said Friday it will pay $600 million for RXBar's parent company Chicago Bar Co. The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xYSJHh
Efforts to track down criminals in the US state of North Carolina have laid bare a dangerous gap in the law over the use of location data.
Raleigh police went to court at least three times last year and got a warrant requiring Google to share the details of any users that were close to crime scenes during specific times and dates.
The first crime was the murder of a cab driver in November 2016, the second an arson attack in March 2017 and the third, sexual battery, in August 2017 – suggesting that the police force is using the approach to discover potentially incriminating evidence for increasingly less serious crimes.
In each case, the cops used GPS coordinates to draw a rough rectangle around the areas of interest – covering nearly 20 acres in the murder case – and asked for the details of any users that entered those areas in time periods of between 60 to 90 minutes e.g. between 1800 and 1930.
The warrants were granted by a judge complete with an order to prevent disclosure so Google was legally prevented from informing impacted users that their details had been shared with law enforcement. Google complied with the warrants.
It is worth noting that the data haul is not limited to users of Google hardware i.e. phones running Android but also any phone that ran Google apps – which encompasses everything from its driving app service to its calendar, browser, predictive keyboard and so on.
Shoe leather
Details are only now emerging as those disclosure orders expire, and local TV station WRAL has been digging through public records to see how often and for what these unusual orders have been used by the police.
The approach raises a whole host of privacy concerns, not least because there seem to be no established rules or laws covering the release of such highly personal information.
Although the police clearly feel they have carefully considered Fourth Amendment rights by limiting the size of the search by geography and time, and by asking for limited and anonymized data, the reality is that the police tend to have a much narrower definition of constitutional rights than citizens, particularly when it comes to investigating crimes.
The Raleigh police are not the only police force using the fact that companies like Google store enormous quantities of personally identifiable data on millions of people in a hunt for clues.
A spokesperson told WRAL that it had begun using the technique after they heard about cops in Orange Country using a similar approach to investigate a crime on their area.
While it is understandable that the police would want to use any method at their disposal to solve crimes - some in favor have argued it is no different to getting a warrant for surveillance footage - the use of location data remains a controversial topic.
Despite efforts to limit the dataset pulled from Google's servers, the requests will have included the details of dozens, potentially hundreds, of innocent people. The arson attack, for example, occurred at an apartment complex in a dense part of the city so the search – which covered anyone in a one block radius between 1930 and 2200 on a Thursday night – will have picked up a lot of ordinary folk doing nothing but going about their lives.
Useful?
We don't know how many people's details were handed over because neither Google nor the police will say. Likewise, we don't know whether the searches produced information that proved critical to the investigations that couldn't have been acquired through other means.
For example, the man responsible for shooting and killing cab driver Nwabu Efobi in November 2016 was arrested and charged with murder in October 2017 after location data warrants were issued in March and returned in July.
We don't know if those warrants put police on the trail of Tyron Cooper or whether there was other evidence or leads that led to them identifying him. We do know that it was footage from security cameras that led the police to ask for Google location data on the night before the shooting, as well as the night of the shooting itself.
The concern is that the police will increasingly use the approach as a fishing expedition for potential leads – something that the courts have persistently ruled is not an acceptable or constitutional practice.
The lack of notification to people whose movements are shared with law enforcement is also a serious concern.
While there remain no clear laws on the use and provision of mobile phone data, it will fall to the individual judge to make a decision as to what is appropriate. Faced with successful warrant applications, it is also inevitable that police forces will use them more, and increasingly widely, since they will be following lawful process and potentially gathering useful information.
But it is fair to say that the billions of users of mobile phones do not imagine the police will be in a position to track their movements simply because they were close to where a crime was committed.
Despite tech-savvy individuals understanding that phones theoretically allow for such tracking, it is only a matter of time until something like Cambridge Analytica's gathering and misuse of Facebook user data happens with respect to location data.
It is worth noting that Google is only able to provide GPS coordinates if you allow your phone – or Google app – to use your location. At least in theory. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Coleman Hell didn't think he'd feel so depressed when their career was going so well. After two Juno Award nominations and with their banjo-infused electronic single “2 Heads” in heavy rotation on mainstream radio, it seemed as though all of their dreams were coming true. But as the party happened outside, the singer often found themselves confined to their bedroom. It was as if magnets were pulling them toward their mattress against their will, they said. “It's this weird middle ground where you want to move but you can't,” the Thunder Bay performer said of the experience, which they were in the throes of about a year ago. “It's something I've felt so many times: lying in my bed and feeling so low I can't get up. I want to, but I can't muster the strength.”
Article Continued Below
They describe their innermost experience in “Manic,” a new track they wrote in hopes of laying bare the ugliness of their bipolar disorder. The song is both a confessional and a reconciliation with himself, in which they ultimately face their imperfections. The 28-year-old musician's diagnosis came many years ago, but they neglected coming to terms with its realities, they said. “Manic” isn't part of a new album launch — or even a song Hell planned to release — but they said the longer it sat with him, the more they felt there could be value in revealing their struggles.
Islamabad
The sale of cars in the country rose to 172,911 units in July-May (2016-17) as compared to the sale of 167,507 cars during the same period of preceding year. On yearly basis, the sale of 17,074 cars was recorded in May 2017, while during May 2016, its sale was recorded at 15,135 units. According to breakup figures, the sale of Honda cars (City and Civic) made a record increase during the corresponding period as it went up to 34,896 units from 23,800 units in July-May (2015-16). Similarly, the sale of Suzuki Swift also went up from 3,761 units last year to 3,871 units during first 11 months of current fiscal year. However, Toyota Corrola witnessed negative growth during the period under review. Its sale declined to 49,667 units from 53,410 units during last year. Suzuki Cultus witnessed sale of 15,238 units during July-May (2016-17) while during the same period of last year, the sale was recorded at 14,850 units. The sale of Suzuki Wagon R jumped to 16,006 units from 8,490 units during same period of last year. Likewise, the sale of Suzuki Mehran witnessed a slight increase as it went up to 35,252 units from 34,691 units during corresponding period of 2015-16. Suzuki Bolan's sale however plunged from 28,298 units to 17,980 units during first 11 months of current fiscal year.—APP
East Bridgewater Police are investigating after two athletic fields were vandalized.
Chief Scott Allen says that on Wednesday officers responded to the Gordon W. Mitchell Middle School Athletic Fields and the Church Street Fields for reports of damage.
Officers concluded that a vehicle drove onto and through the fields, causing extensive damage.
Allen says video evidence indicates that the damage to both properties took place around 7 o'clock Tuesday night and they believe the same vehicle is responsible for both incidents and they are trying to identify the license plate number of the vehicle involved.
Anyone with information on this incident is being asked to call East Bridgewater Police at 508-378-7223.
- WATD's Dan McCready contributed to this report.
Advertising
"It's got that 'wow' factor," said Jesse Anderson-Lehnan, 27. "But it still feels like a normal place, it doesn't feel weird to come and sit at the bar and talk for a few hours."
When St. John the Baptist Church was desanctified and sold to Casey, Roman Catholics in the diocese voiced their opposition, leading to the deed restrictions to stop other closed churches from becoming bars and clubs.
While the Diocese of Cincinnati also has imposed such restrictions, it's unclear how much company it and Youngstown have. Limits also exist in the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown, Pa., while the Boston archdiocese says it solicits proposals from potential buyers and screens them to make sure they're in line with Catholic values.
Churches are uniquely difficult to renovate, preservationists say. Large stained windows and cavernous sanctuaries are tough to partition into condominiums. Historic landmark protections can bar new owners from knocking down some churches, leading them to sit empty and decay.
But the same vaulted ceilings that keep housing developers away from churches also lend them an old-world air hard to replicate elsewhere, making former houses of worship particularly suitable as dignified beer halls.
There, even clergy members sometimes aren't so opposed to quaffing a pint. Some are regulars at the Church Brew Works, Casey said, where they can order Pipe Organ pale ale or Pious Monk dark lager.
Cincinnati's Taft's Ale House kicked off its grand opening in the 167-year-old St. Paul's Evangelical Protestant Church with a "blessing of the beers." A television report at the time shows the Rev. John Kroeger, a Catholic priest, giving the blessing.
"God of all creation, you gift us with friends, and food and drink," they said, eyes cast upward. "Bless these kegs, and every keg that will be brewed here. Bless all those freshened here, and all those gathered in the days, and months, and years to come!"
The Associated Press
Pam Salvatierra's newest project is helping to launch DemFems Silicon Valley
From the moment Pam Salvatierra moved to Menlo Park in 1994, she's been active in their community. Maybe it's collecting toiletries for the homeless. Or hosting a house party to spotlight the good work of some non-profit. And then there's politics, specifically the state Democratic Party along with working to get specific candidates elected.
So we weren't surprised to get an email from Pam about their latest involvement with a newly-formed group called DemFems Silicon Valley, whose purpose is to elect local Democratic women to all levels of California government.
“I didn't create the group,” Pam is quick to explain. “It was organized by Redwood City Council member Shelley Masur and Belmont City Council member Davina Hurt. But I've been involved in helping get the organization off the ground.”
A DemFems kick off meeting is planned for Sunday, October 8, where they'll introduce themselves to voters and potential members as well as give attendees the chance to meet nine Democratic women candidates running for office in San Mateo County. The event takes place at 3:30 pm at 1521 Harbor Blvd in Belmont.
In its early stages, the current membership of DemFems is all women, but Pam sees that there may well be male members in the future. “But our focus will continue to be getting Democratic women elected,” they explained, “particularly at the local level initially.”
The ultimate goal is gender parity in elected California office by 2028. “Admittedly we have a way to go,” Pam said. “Currently 21.7% of the state legislature is female and, in various statewide offices, 36% are women.”
For women interested in seeking office, support will be provided. “It's not easy to promote yourself,” they said. “I found that out when I ran [unsuccessfully] for the San Mateo County Democratic Central Committee. I like working on other people's campaigns much more than running for office myself!”
Photo by Irene Searles(c) 2017
Peterborough United missed a great chance to close the gap on the League One promotion favourites by losing at home to a Southend side with a terrible away record.
A seventh-minute penalty from Jason Demetriou separated the sides as Posh suffered a sixth home defeat of a frustrating season. It was just Southend's third win on their travels, and a first since October.
Posh striker Jack Marriott takes on Michael Turner of Southend. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Posh huffed and puffed, but in truth created very little despite starting with an adventurous formation which included new striker Omar Bogle.
Referee Dean Whitestone was booed off at the end by home supporters, but their curious display was hardly the reason for the defeat. The penalty decision looked spot on for a start.
Posh pleased traditionalists at least by starting with a 4-4-2 formation including two atacking winger as well as Bogle, but they spent the opening 20 minutes all at sea against a confident visiting side.
Southend found joy down the left as Ben Coker's surging runs from full-back often went untracked by Marcus Maddison, but the seventh minute goal arrived from the other flank as a simple pass into the area led to an initially hesitant Jonathan Bond tripping up Stephen McLaughlin.
Posh debutant Omar Bogle in action against Southend. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Demetriou converted the spot-kick and Posh did well to survive a rocky period while they worked themselves into the game.
And once Maddison started getting on the ball Posh began to threaten. One fine pass was superbly converted by left-back Andrew Hughes, but celebrations were ruined by an offside flag.
Jack Marriott forced a smothering save from Southend keeper Mark Oxley after another Maddison pass. Marriott had earlier headed a fine cross from George Cooper straight at Oxley.
Southend should have been down to 10 before the break after Dru Yearwood clattered into Anthony Grant just moments after they somehow escaped a caution for hauling down Hughes as they were about to enter the penalty area.
Posh had an immediate chance to draw level when a long clearance from Maddison found Marriott behind the Southend defence. Marriott went for power and their shot was saved by Oxley.
Posh then forced three coners in quick succession, all of which were delivered into dangerous areas, but then it all fell horribly flat.
Posh made substitutions that made little sense (Junior Morias played in midfield for 10 minutes) and they couldn't re-gather any momentum, not helped by a series of baffling decisions from the officials.
Even 10 minutes off added time couldn't save Posh. Hughes scored again from a Maddison chip, but they looked well offside, a decision contested by McCann, presumably after taking on board video evidence.
Posh: Jonathan Bond, Liam Shephard, Andrew Hughes, Steven Taylor, Ryan Tafazolli, Anthony Grant, Chris Forrester (sub Junior Morias, 71 mins), Marcus Maddison, George Cooper (sub Danny Lloyd, 71 mins), Jack Marriott, Omar Bogle (sub Leo Da Silva Lopes, 80 mins).
Unused substitutes: Conor O'Malley, Joe Ward, Jack Baldwin, Jermaine Anderson.
Southend: Mark Oxley, Jason Demetriou, John White (sub Anton Ferdinand, 53 mins), Michael Turner, Ben Coker, Stephen McLaughlin, Dru Yearwood, Michael Timlin, Michael Kightly, Simon Cox, Marc-Antoine Fortune (sub Freddie Ladapo, 75 mins).
Unused substitutes: Nathan Bishop, Harry Kyprianou, Jermaine McGlashan, Michael Klass, Shayon Harrison.
Goals: Southend - Demetriou (7 mins, pen).
Cautions: Posh - Bond (foul), Tafazolli (foul), Shephard (foul).
Southend - Yearwood (foul), Kightly (foul),
Referee: Dean Whitestone
Attendance: 5,114 (799 Southend).
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Rep. Matt Cartwright addresses audience in Pittston during the unveiling of a stute of President John F. Kennedy sunday afternoon. cv10jfk3 DAVE SCHERBENCO/CITIZENS VOICE
The official word will soon be in: Health insurance is going to cost a lot more for Pennsylvanians this year. It's because the Affordable Care Act is being dismantled.
I support the law because it covers people with pre-existing conditions, does away with lifetime limits, ends discrimination against women and covers children through age 26. More important, with its Medicaid expansion, it covers up to 30 million Americans who were previously uninsured.
Before the law fully kicked in, we were losing hospitals in Northeast Pennsylvania. In 2012, we lost Marian Community Hospital in Carbondale and St. Catherine's Hospital in Schuykill County because of uninsured care they had to provide. When local hospitals close, health care suffers, even for people with insurance.
After failing to either repeal or replace the law, congressional Republicans took steps to sabotage it, obstructing enrollment, undermining the risk corridors that stabilize prices and going after the provision that required everyone to contribute to our health insurance system. Unfortunately, those efforts have been mercilessly effective.
We were warned about this. The Congressional Budget Office predicted that these actions would cause 13 million Americans to lose coverage and a 10 percent spike in premiums in insurance markets. This trend is now fully upon us, with the younger and healthier leaving exchanges while older Americans with more complicated health issues are stuck paying more for less. This is simple, well-predicted, health care economics.
It's the same story for prescription drug prices. Because Congress fails to act, prescription drug costs continue to skyrocket, especially drugs most commonly prescribed for seniors. A congressional inquiry found prescription drug prices rising many times faster than inflation, with brand-name drugs going up by double digits in multiple years, sometimes by more than 100 percent in just five years. These excessive changes harm patients, as studies show that many Americans skip essential medications due to cost.
We can and should take a hard look at other reforms, like examining predictors of health outcomes that can assist patients in making healthy lifestyle choices, the use of telemedicine in patient care and improvements to the way medical records are shared among providers. In the area of prescription drug prices, we need to evaluate the way manufacturers set prices and the role of patent law in defining competition in the marketplace. We should return to the broadly recommended idea of allowing Medicare to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices.
All of this would be helpful. Any of this would be progress. I have listened to health care providers, insurers, small business owners and community leaders and their message to Congress is clear: Roll up your sleeves and work together to find solutions. Affordable, comprehensive health care should never be out of reach for anyone because of politics. It is a matter of life and death and it's time to do a much better job of moving us in a positive direction.
Before 2017 ends and you start planning how to lose weight in 2018 as part of your New Year's resolution, you still have a month to make good on your old one. You might only have a few weeks left in the year but you can make a significant change to your health. Yes, even if you have never worked out or have given up your regime mid-way because you just didn't see any results. So it's time to pick up your workout gear (again) because with proper planning and discipline you can improve your body a quarter of a month. Let me tell you how.
Let us divide these 21 days into different phases by breaking your workouts into micro cycles. This is very important as it will shock your body and get maximum results. To achieve complete fitness you need to work on all the components of physical fitness, ie, muscle strength, muscle endurance, cardiovascular endurance, flexibility, speed, agility and power. You also need to make sure that your workout has emphasis on on balance and coordination. A word of caution here: make sure that you perform all these exercises under the supervision of a certified fitness trainer.
How to lose weight with the 21 Day Fitness Challenge: Odd Days
Day 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11 and 13
On these days you will be working on muscle endurance. So perform two to three sets in the range of 15 to 20 reps for all the exercises. This will ensure that you are doing a total body workout targeting each muscle groups, namely your big muscles like legs, chest, back and smaller muscle groups like your shoulder, bicep & triceps. You should ideally work on your body parts in the following sequence:
Legs: Squats, lunges, step ups.
Back: Conventional dead lifts, chin ups (if you're unable to perform these then go for assisted chin-ups) followed by seated rows and shrugs.
Chest: Chest presses, push ups (if not possible, try knee push ups) and chest flies.
Shoulders: Overhead presses, front raises and lateral raises.
Biceps: Bicep curls and hammer curls.
Triceps: Tricep kickbacks and overhead triceps extension.
Abs: Forward crunches and reverse crunches.
Here I would like to add that instead of using dumbells as a form of resistance in these exercises switch over to exercise bands, resistance bands have a distinct advantage over weights as the changes of injuries are lesser because of less wear & tear at the joints especially during the eccentric phase, also the resistance on the peak of the movement is higher hence creating more challenge on the working muscles. Resistance bands are can create force from 7 pounds to 70 pounds using multiple bands.
How to lose weight with the 21 Day Fitness Challenge: Even Days
Day 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14
These are primarily cardiovascular days. So make the most of the nippy weather and go out for a run or a jog or just simply bring out that cycle you've stowed away. Or even better, if you can stand the first few seconds of what would seem like freezing water, go for a swim. But no matter what cardio exercises you choose, ensure it lasts for 45 minutes to an hour. Anything less or more won't help.
After the first 15 days
Day 15: If you imagine that you'll be dead tired after two weeks of working out diligently, I won't really disagree with you. So this will be your favourite day. Day 15 is meant to be your day off. Your quest to find out how to lose weight can wait for a day. Treat yourself to a relaxing massage.
Day 16, 17, 18
Now is the time to shock your body and aim for maximum results. On these even days you will be working on strengthening your muscles and divide what muscle groups you will focus on. Here, make sure that you increase the resistance in such a way that you achieve positive or concentric failure in maximum 10 to 12 reaps.
Day 16: Follow the leg, triceps and abs exercises as mentioned above.
Day 17: Follow the chest, biceps and abs exercises as mentioned above.
Day 18: Follow the back and shoulder exercises as mentioned above.
Day 19: Rest day
Day 20, 21
These are the most important days since you will be challenging the components that we usually avoid. You will be following a high intensity interval training program, which will challenge your body to push its limits even further. You will be challenging is the CNS (central nervous system) to give you maximum results. These are some of the exercises which you can perform: Squats and jumps, the Mountain Climber, medicine ball throws, jump lunges, V sit ups, groin kicks, lateral band runs, the Hermit Rise, side planks, explosive runs and burpees.
These are calisthenic exercises and must always be performed under supervision. The exercises must last around 40 to 45 minutes. Perform two to three rounds of the entire routine, where you do 18 to 20 reps of each exercise. For isometric holds like the side plank, try to hold them for a minute and see that you never hold your breath during these exercises.
Huzefa Lokhandwala is a celebrity fitness coach and program director at TrainMe
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
> More on Fitness
When it comes to dessert, nobody does it quite like Disney — and just in case you needed proof, all you have to do is look at all the Pixar-themed desserts Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, Calif. currently has available. As part of Pixar Fest, Disneyland's sweet shops have pulled out all the stops; between the Dug-shaped cake pops and the Toy Story alien caramel apples, you'll never look at dessert the same way again.
A celebration of all things Pixar, Pixar Fest began at the Disneyland Resort on April 13 and runs all the way through Sept. 3, 2018. During these four and a half months, special events starring all your favorite Pixar characters will be taking over both parks and the Downtown Disney District: Parades, fireworks shows, character meet-and-greets, and much, much more bring Pixar's modern classics to life.
And, of course, there is food. Lots of food. Which means there is also dessert.
Disneyland Resort has four major candy shops: Two in Disneyland Park, one in California Adventure, and one in the Downtown Disney District. Although park admission is obviously required to hit up the ones in Disneyland Park and California Adventure, you can visit the Downtown Disney one — Marceline's Confectionary — whenever you like; it's not located directly inside a park, making it easy to access for anyone who just wants some elaborate, Disney-themed sweets in their life. (Me. I'm talking about me.) And for Pixar Fest, all four shops will have a variety of treats on offer based on some of Pixar's biggest hits: Monsters, Inc., UP, Finding Nemo, Finding Dory, Toy Story, and Cars.
Seen here: Actual footage of my flailing my arms in excitement right now.
A major plus, by the way, is that all of these sweets come on sticks: Cake pops, Rice Krispy Treat pops, and chocolate-coated caramel apples are the name of the game here. Most of the cake pops have chocolate cake at their cores, so bad luck there if you're not really a chocolate cake person; however, there are a few exceptions — including a cake pop flavor I guarantee you won't be expecting. (More on that in a bit.) The apples, meanwhile, all consists of Granny Smiths which have been dunk in caramel, then finished off with chocolate and a wide variety of other candies.
They're all cute as a proverbial button, of course — although be aware that not all of them will be available for the entire four and a half months. Some of them will only be in shop windows through June 22; meanwhile, others aren't scheduled to arrive until June 23. Either way, though, there are plenty of options to choose from, as detailed recently by the Disney Parks Blog. Take a look:
1 Mike Wazowski Crisped Rice Treat Disney Parks Blog Where to get it: California Adventure, Trolley Treats (Buena Vista Street). Not going to lie: I'm a little upset that there isn't some kind of Sully-shaped sweet made out of blue cotton candy… but this Mike Wazowski-shaped Rice Krispy Treat pop is also acceptable. The Monsters, Inc-inspired treat has been dipped in green chocolate and decorated with both white and dark chocolate, “chewy chocolate candy horns,” blue sugar, and candy-coated chocolates.
2 Dug Cake Pop Disney Parks Blog Where to get it: Disneyland Park, Candy Palace (Main Street, U.S.A.). This UP pup-shaped pop consists of chocolate cake that's been dipped in white chocolate and covered in gold sugar in order to mimic Dug's furry coat. Marshmallow ears, white and dark chocolate, and candy-coated chocolates finish off the sweet's look. It's available starting on June 23.
3 Baby Dory & Baby Nemo Cake Pops Disney Parks Blog Where to get them: Disneyland Park, Pooh Corner (Critter Country). Both of these swimmingly delicious cake pops are made from chocolate cake; then they've been dipped in white chocolate and decorated with colorful sugar, candy-coated chocolates, white and dark chocolate, and sour belts.
4 Alien Apples & Cake Pops Disney Parks Blog Where to get them: Disneyland Park, Candy Palace (Main Street, U.S.A.). Can't get enough of Toy Story's little green guys? Take ‘em home with you in the forms of two delightful treats. The Alien Apple, which is available through June 22, has been dipped first in caramel, then in blue and green chocolate and decorated with blue sugar, purple sugar, white and dark chocolate, and ears and antenna made out of marshmallows; meanwhile, the Alien Cake Pop, which will be available starting June 23, coats chocolate cake in green and white chocolate before adding marshmallows and blue and purple sugar for the finishing touches.
5 Pixar Ball Apples & Cake Pops Disney Parks Blog Where to get them: Disneyland Park, Candy Palace (Main Street, U.S.A.) and Pooh Corner (Critter Country); California Adventure, Trolley Treats (Buena Vista Street); and Downtown Disney District, Marceline's Confectionary. Styled after Pixar's famous bouncing ball, both the Pixar Ball Cake Apple and Cake Pop have been dipped in yellow chocolate, striped with blue chocolate and blue sugar, and finished off with a red fondant star. The cake pop, which is available through June 22, is made from vanilla cake, while the apple, which can be acquired starting on June 23, has a caramel-coated Granny Smith at its core.
6 Russell Cake Pop Disney Parks Blog Where to get it: Disneyland Park, Candy Palace (Main Street, U.S.A.). Like many of the cake pops that make up the Pixar Fest sweets menu, the cake pop inspired by Russell from UP is made of chocolate cake; it's then been dipped in yellow chocolate and decorated with white chocolate, orange sugar, and candy-coated chocolates to look like Russell's Wilderness Explorer uniform. It's available starting on June 23.
7 Dory & Nemo Apples Disney Parks Blog Where to get them: Downtown Disney District, Marceline's Confectionary. White and dark chocolate, colorful sugar, hand-cut marshmallows, and candy-coated chocolates transform caramel-covered Granny Smith apples into Nemo and Dory. They're almost too cute to eat… but not so cute that I'd be content simply to gaze adoringly at them.
8 Lighting McQueen & Tow Mater Apples Disney Parks Blog Where to get them: California Adventure, Trolley Treats (Buena Vista Street). It would make sense that these Cars-themed treats would be an exclusive to California Adventure, home of Cars Land, wouldn't it? The Lightning McQueen apple is covered in red chocolate, red sugar, white and dark chocolate, sour belts, and candy-coated chocolates, while the Tow Mater apple is covered in milk chocolate, dusted with “orange powder” (whatever that is), and topped off with marshmallow headlights, chewy chocolate candy, white and dark chocolate, and candy-coated chocolates. They both have marshmallow wheels, too. They're available through June 22.
9 Buttercup Apple Disney Parks Blog Where to get it: Disneyland Park, Candy Palace (Main Street, U.S.A.). Toy Story 3's unicorn gets the confectionary treatment as a white-chocolate coated caramel apple available through June 22. Marshmallows, yellow sugar, pink chocolate, and a corn chip horn provide the finishing touches.
Quetta
Chief Minister Balochistan Abdul Quddus Bizenjo on Friday hold open court in Chief Minister Secretariat Quetta.
People from different districts, including women, students and disabled people, presented their applications to Chief Minister on issues related to which the CM Balochistan issued orders on the occasion.
While talking to media on this occasion, the Chief Minister said that resolving people's problems in this short period of time is first priority of our government. The Chief Minister said that all concerned officials have been instructed to review legal complaints received by the people. They said that action will be taken against the officials who have been involved in illegal appointments in various departments.
All the ministers and departments' secretaries have been instructed to provide all the resources for the immediate resolution of public issues so that they can get relief.—APP
Local Man Who Assaulted Girlfriend and Set Home On Fire Receives Prison
April 18, 2017
A Howell man authorities say assaulted their girlfriend and then set their home on fire has received a lengthy prison sentence.
The July 2016 incident began with a fight between 55-year-old Donald Baggett and their girlfriend, and ended with a suspicious fire. Baggett pleaded guilty as a 4th time habitual offender earlier this year to assault with intent to commit sexual penetration, assault by strangulation, domestic violence, and 2nd degree arson. They were sentenced in Livingston County Circuit Court Monday to 18 to 40 years in the Michigan Department of Corrections. They will also be required to make just over $383,600 restitution.
Things got heated on July 21st when Baggett allegedly threatened their girlfriend at their home in Marion Township and asked if they had ever cheated on him. They then reportedly strangled them while demanding to know if they had ever slept with any African American men. The victim says Baggett then sniffed them to see if they had had sex with someone else and tried to remove them pants.
Baggett's girlfriend kicked them out of their house, though they were reportedly seen driving in the area later that day. Authorities say as Baggett was driving by the home that evening, they called to report a fire in their garage. They were later identified as a person of interest in that fire which police said was deemed suspicious because there was nothing in the garage to indicate the cause of the fire. (DK)
Temperatures plummeted across Yorkshire as the region was gripped by an icy blast which saw snow fall in parts of the county.
Heavy snow fell in some areas, including Sheffield, but Leeds, which forecasters predicted would be hit badly earlier in the week, saw just a sprinkling of snow yesterday.
Weather experts have today enforced a yellow warning of ice for the region this morning.
Commuters are expected to face further disruption today with ‘severe frost' likely to cause treacherous conditions.
Temperatures were expected to fall to -6C in the region last night, as the Met Office forecast a “bitterly cold night with a sharp frost”. Breakdown cover provider RAC is dubbing today ‘Black Monday', as it predicted it to be one of its busiest days in a decade, with almost 11,000 call-outs expected. It comes after parts of Britain were hit by what forecasters described as a “snow bomb” yesterday, meaning anything above four inches of snow falling in three of hours, bringing roads and runways to a standstill.
Today is expected to be mostly dry but very cold with light winds, with a maximum temperature of 2C. The Met Office said: “There will be long periods of sunshine but still a small risk of further coastal wintry showers. A widespread frost at first and again later.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Yorkshire manufacturing giant William Cook Rail has won export orders that could be worth millions of pounds to supply critical components to the world leader in light rail systems.
The family-owned business will manufacture structural parts for bogies on Alstom's range of Citadis Spirit light rail vehicles for service in Ottawa, Canada.
These are among the most complex and highly specified cast steel components in the market and will be precision engineered at the company's new £15m rail plant in Leeds, West Yorkshire.
The Citadis Spirit vehicles are designed for high capacity transport of passengers between suburban areas and the city centre and can operate in the most extreme weather conditions.
Alstom has won a €400m contract to supply light rail vehicles and maintenance services to the the Rideau Transit Group consortium, which is responsible for the €1.5bn light rapid transit system.
The system is expected to enter full service in spring 2018.
William Cook Rail is supplying an initial order of five train sets and a follow-up orders could cover many more trains.
The two export orders will run throughout the next three years and are the first to be won since the extensive refurbishment of the Company's factory in Leeds.
Alstom has produced 1,600 Citadis tramways for 40 cities around the world, making it a market leader in light transit systems.
The Ottawa project marks its entry into North America and it is promoting the Citadis Spirit to other cities across the United States and Canada.
Sir Andrew Cook, chairperson of William Cook Rail, said: “We have invested millions of pounds in William Cook Rail to allow it to compete on a global level.
“These export orders demonstrate the world-class engineering capabilities that exist here in the North of England and send a message to the Government that ‘buying British' must be at the top of the political agenda if it wants to have a successful and thriving economy post Brexit.”
Charles-Frédéric Boisson, Domain Director Metallic, Alstom said: “When it comes to the sourcing strategy for steel cast parts, Alstom has adopted a real dynamic way of working. We aim to build experience with a global panel of mature suppliers such as William Cook, and support and reward them when they demonstrate operational excellence and competitiveness on past projects.
“The latest Citadis Spirit related business is the outcome of multi-cultural teams from Alstom and William Cook working together.”
Trump is confirming the meeting — as they often do — via Twitter, writing, “Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.”
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump met with reality TV star Kim Kardashian West as they visited the White House to advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence for drug offences.
Kardashian West had also been expected to meet with Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, who is overseeing the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
Kardashian West has been urging Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who has spent more than two decades behind bars and is not eligible for parole.
They included a picture of the two in the Oval Office.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
They said in the interview she'd been in touch with Kushner over the case.
“I think that they really deserves a second chance at life,” Kardashian told Mic. “I'll do whatever it takes to get them out.”
“I've been in communication with the White House and trying to bring their case to the President's desk and figure out how we can get them out,” they said of Johnson, who has spent over two decades behind bars.
Kushner oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system and help former inmates gain skills and more effectively make the transition back into society.
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as their racially charged conviction.
The boxer's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who brought the story to Trump's attention in a spring phone call.
Trump has issued just a handful of other pardons, including one for former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a staunch campaign supporter; one for Scooter Libby, who served as chief of staff to former Vice-President Dick Cheney; and one for a U.S. navy sailor convicted for taking photos of classified portions of a submarine.
Kardashian West supported Trump's rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, during the 2016 election. But their husband, rapper Kanye West, recently offered their support for Trump in a series of tweets, saying they both share “dragon energy.”
West also paid a visit to the then-president-elect in New York before their inauguration. Trump said they talked about “life” as they posed for photos in the lobby of Trump Tower. West has said they didn't vote for president, but if they had, they would have cast a ballot for Trump.
The White House declined to comment on the visit. Trump has talked about the need to get tougher on drug dealers, including suggesting that some should receive the death penalty. Kardashian West appeared to preview the visit on their Twitter feed, writing: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
They were sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected their appeals. Court records show they have a motion pending for a reduction in sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed to a sentence reduction, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Memphis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday afternoon.
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former president Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
A 1997 Associated Press story on Johnson's sentencing said they lead a multimillion-dollar drug ring. But Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in their request for a sentence reduction, said they were not a leader in the cocaine operation.
“What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a nonviolent drug offence, in jail for their entire life?” they said in a telephone interview. “She's a model inmate.”
Scholl added that Johnson has admitted their wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters they have written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees their case.
“Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family,” they said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
In a hand-scrawled letter last June they wrote: “I'm a broken woman. More time in prison cannot accomplish more justice.”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain could stay part of a "reformed single market" and must keep "all the options on the table", Labour's John McDonnell said today, in a further sign the party is pursuing a soft Brexit .
In June the Shadow Chancellor declared keeping single market membership would be "not respecting" the EU referendum result.
But on Sunday Sir Keir Starmer, the Shadow Brexit Secretary, said Britain could stay in "a variant of the single market”.
Asked today which statement they agreed with, Mr McDonnell told the Mirror: "What I said was remaining in the single market would not respect the referendum result.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"What we've been using is the phraseology 'a single market' not 'the single market', and 'a customs union' not 'the customs union'.
"So therefore a reformed single market, or a new negotiated relationship with the single market.
"And Keir was exactly putting our position, that we want to be as close as we possibly can to ensure tariff-free access.
"It isn't just about semantics, it's about achieving the objectives we want overall, which is protecting the economy and protecting jobs.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"That for us means as close a relationship to the single market as we possibly can, and possibly a customs union.
"But the point Keir was making yesterday, which we've reiterated time and time again, is we want to keep all the options on the table."
Sir Keir told the BBC on Sunday they wanted “easy movement” of people and suggested Labour would mimic EU rules after 2019.
Sir Keir also refused three times to rule out calling for a second referendum in future, saying: “Things are moving so fast that it's hard to know what's going to come next.”
A few months ago, I wrote a satirical tweet about sex education: “I sympathize with those who fear that sex ed will sexualize kids. Our youngest studied WWI on a Monday; by Friday he'd invaded Belgium.” The remark received an extraordinary 220,000 “likes” and 81,000 retweets. In other words, a lot of people support sex education and realize that opposition to it is often based on misunderstanding.
Unfortunately, much of the resistance to teaching schoolchildren about sex and sexuality comes from Christians, and the general view out there is that all Christians fall into this camp. It's not true, of course, but it's an entirely understandable conclusion. Because in Ontario and Alberta, where new curricula have been or will be implemented, conservative Roman Catholics and evangelicals have joined together with some in the Muslim and Sikh communities to present an organized opposition.
I've reported on several of the demonstrations against the Ontario curriculum, and while I'm sure many of the people present were well-meaning, I was shocked by the anger and hysteria, the number of homophobic comments and placards, and the general ignorance of what is actually taught in schools.
Many church people assume that sex education is a form of indoctrination, introducing all sorts of strange and perverse ideas at far too early an age. This is nonsense. The classes are more about explaining to young people that there is no need to feel guilty or ashamed about their feelings, including samesex attraction. Learning this can be not only life-changing but also life-saving.
There's something else that flies in the face of those claiming, grotesquely, that sex ed is somehow about grooming kids for abuse by pedophiles. A good, thorough and modern sex education tells children that they own their bodies and always have the right to say no. It empowers them to recognize and report abuse and exploitation. So it's jarring that Christians, who should care deeply about children's safety, would often be so opposed.
The reasons, I believe, are based more on fear and culture than on love and faith. Change can be frightening, and I too am sometimes surprised, even shocked, at how rapidly society has transformed. But Christ called for revolution rather than complacency, and we have to be able to let go of the past and rejoice as the world is made anew.
Sex has long been a great taboo in many religious circles. We have assumed, wrongly, that there is something sinful about a healthy and open attitude to sex and sexuality. Parents are a vital part of their children's education, but on the subject of sex, they have frequently failed to do an adequate job. Schools are there not to contradict but to help mothers and fathers, and ultimately to help children. In a few years, we will wonder what all the fuss was about. Until then, let's be a little more trusting, optimistic and — yes — faithful.
Michael Coren is an author and journalist in Toronto.
The Kitchener Klassics White under-14 girls softball team beat the Waterloo Ghosts 9-5 to win the Waterloo Ghosts Novice Tier II Invitational Gold Medal last weekend.
The Klassics' Makenna Melanson had a strong outing against Waterloo, with nine strike outs, two walks and four hits. Melanson then led at the plate with a three-run home run and a walk.
The Klassics beat out Stratford, Mississauga Southwest, Arthur and the Palmerston Marlins to reach the Sunday final, and went 5-0 with the win against Waterloo.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 102-year-old woman spent a night lying on a trolley in a hospital corridor before being sent home the next day because no beds were available, their family have claimed.
Jeannie Wyllie's was rushed to A&E at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary on Tuesday night suffering from a high temperature, low oxygen count, dehydration, sickness and diarrhoea.
Them outraged son James described the series of events at the hospital as “a horror story”.
They said: “I will never understand how they could chuck them out at that age. It was distressing and upsetting for all of us to see mum being treated like that.”
Mr Wyllie, 72, claims doctors took four hours to decide how to treat their mum.
(Image: Dumfries and Gallloway Standard)
They told the Dumfries and Galloway Standard : “They took bloods and sent my mum for X-rays, put them on a drip and gave them antibiotics.
“At midnight I decided that they had done everything by the book and I could go home, having been told by the nursing staff that they were about to move them to a bed in the combined assessment unit.”
But they said “the nightmare really began” when they phoned the hospital the next morning to ask how their mum was, “only to find out they had spent the whole night on a trolley, not a bed”.
They were later given a bed and diagnosed with having flu.
However, Mr Wyllie says they then received a call from staff at the hospital to say transport had been organised to take their mum back to the nursing home on Wednesday afternoon.
“My immediate reaction to that was ‘how the hell can they justify sending my mum at 102 home?', bearing in mind what is wrong with her”, they said.
“Then I received another call from the hospital to say that the transport arrangements had been changed and an ambulance had been arranged for Thursday morning to take their home. But then in steps hospital management saying mum had to go to free up the bed and she'd need to leave right away.”
Mr Wyllie claims they then received a call from the nursing home asking if they could go and collect their mum as they were being discharged.
(Image: Dumfries and Gallloway Standard)
They went to the hospital with their son Marcus, to take their mum back to the nursing home.
“It was raining outside and mum didn't have any clothes with them They were just wearing a hospital goonie and their slippers,” they said.
“The young nurse on duty provided a couple of blankets to keep them warm on the way back to my car.”
Mr Wyllie is now in the process of making a complaint about their mum's care to the health board.
They added: “Up until a few months ago my mum lived on their own. She's old school, takes everything in their stride and doesn't complain.
“The nursing staff were angels, they couldn't have been better but the management have a lot to answer for.”
A health board spokesperson said: “Consideration is given to the needs of every patient, and an individual approach is taken as to where the best and most appropriate point of care will be.
“This takes place in discussion with patients and their families.
“We cannot address individual cases publicly, but we would encourage anyone who has a concern to get in touch with us.
“The Patient Services Team can be contacted either by dialling 01387 272733, or by emailing PatientServices@nhs.net, and the team are happy to discuss any concerns or complaints.”
Still two weeks before the Legislature returns to Topeka, so the Statehouse is virtually empty of lawmakers…a few stopping in to check the mail or maybe just hoping to find a lobbyist to take them to lunch.
But this next two weeks are all about what is necessary in the legislative wrap-up session, what is possible, and whether we've seen enough sparring to determine who's going to do it.
That what is necessary, of course, has two components — putting together a budget and putting together a school finance formula that the Kansas Supreme Court has demanded by July 1.
You don't have a budget until you see how much money you need and figure out where to get it, and you don't have a school finance formula until the Supreme Court says you do.
Key to everything is the Thursday meeting of the Consensus Revenue Estimating Group (CREG); sometime Thursday afternoon, reporters start looking at the Statehouse, to see if a white puff of smoke has gone up, signaling that CREG has met, presumably bargained with each other in the rarified argot of economists, and come up with revenue projections. Or, if it's windy out, we'll get a notice of a meeting time at which the CREG estimate will be released.
Those economists and revenue specialists and whomever else gather somewhere secret in the Statehouse look at revenues from whom and what, and assemble the revenue estimate which the Legislature uses to assemble a budget and figure out how much money the state needs to finance those services that the state provides us taxpayers.
And…while that revenue business is being juggled, there's still that formula for making sure that children from border to border have equal access to school programs and the chance to get a good education, and that roughly 25 percent of Kansas pupils who aren't performing well academically for whatever reason get the assistance they need to emerge from high school ready for a job or vocational education or higher education.
Then, there's still that issue about expanding Medicaid under the in-the-GOP-gunsights Affordable Care Act which will provide health care to maybe 150,000 poor Kansans. The Legislature passed a bill, remember, to allow Kansans to get that health care, the governor vetoed it, and the Legislature didn't override the veto.
So…along with the state's fiscal issues, there are Kansans who aren't getting health care, and can't work because of illnesses or might spread those illnesses to Kansans who can afford health insurance but come into contact in everyday life with those who can't. Sound like a problem that needs a solution, or at least enough votes to override a veto?
But, it's quiet this week and you don't have to thread your way through the halls bumping into lawmakers who are having learned the physical lay of the land here are still learning the political lay of the land.
It'll be next week that lawmakers start diagramming the catch phrase sentences they will use to talk about taxes, budget, schools, Medicaid and a range of other issues that they must solve or figure a way to delay until next year before they can call this session to a halt.
Is there a plan here? Well, so far, it doesn't look like one is going together. We've had three months of a legislative session where we have learned that legislators aren't enthusiastic about a flat rate income tax to raise whatever money they are going to learn this week that they will need. Oh, and the governor isn't enthusiastic about taxing LLCs and those other corporations that if their founders were smart enough to label their profits as “non-wage income” don't pay income tax.
But clearly, if the Legislature doesn't come up with a plan that the governor will sign into law, well, there's always pulling money out of the Bank of KDOT, as the Kansas Department of Transportation has become known because it just takes a few minutes for the governor to sweep its sales tax receipts from roadway-building into the State General Fund for general government use.
Look for the frustration, the taxes, the spending and the schools to take center stage May 1 when lawmakers return.
Syndicated by Hawver News Company LLC of Topeka; Martin Hawver is publisher of Hawver's Capitol Report—to learn more about this nonpartisan statewide political news service, visit the website at www.hawvernews.com
COLUMBUS, Neb. – Authorities say a bicyclist has been killed in a collision with a car on the east side of Columbus.
The accident was reported around 8:05 p.m. Monday.
The names of those involved and other details about what happened have not been released.
And you might want to begin rounding up your tearfully-laughing emojis for this one.
If you'll recollect, Yeezy made a surprise broadcast in front of their live, Saint Pablo tour concert audience that some bad blood had been brewing between them and the Carters. First was mention on how discontent they were with Jay-Z for what ‘Ye believed was a lacking sense of urgency following Kim K's Paris robbery. They jabbed in that their daughters, Blue Ivy and North West, have never even gotten to enjoy a playdate together. Shortly after, at another concert appearance, Yeezy addressed a rumor that he'd heard Beyonce would not perform at the 2016 MTV VMAs if their Formation did not win Video of the Year above them and Drake—a rumor they claimed deeply “hurt him.”
While Jay and Bey remained seemingly mum despite the uproar, Radar Online reported that exclusive information has come forth giving reason as to why we probably haven't heard much from the Carters ever since. The anonymous source claims that Kim was so concerned with the deterring relationship between their husband and the Carters that they phoned the Queen Bey up in hopes toward a reconciliation. According to Radar, however, this might have been the worst move the 36-year-old reality star could have made after Bey allegedly “flipped out on her” for the phone call.
After reportedly demanding that Kim never contact them or Jay-Z again, the source alleges that Bey claimed the two were made for each other because they are both “talentless and pathetic.” Ouch.
The source has yet to reveal them or herself, as expected, and the Carters have not come forth with their side of the Carter-West trouble in industry paradise.
With that said, we wouldn't advise you to sip too heavy on that lemonade just yet.
The promise of flying cars has been around for decades, and Slovakia's Aeromobil will show us its closest interpretation of said promise in a few days.
Building upon its version 3.0 prototype unveiled in 2014, Aeromobil's latest design will show its face at the 2017 Top Marques Monaco which opens its doors on Thursday.
The company didn't provide many specifics regarding its updated, flying people mover but provided images which show a slightly reworked design over the 3.0 prototype.
As for technical information, we can only work with what we know was supposedly "production ready" with the previous 3.0 prototype. A Rotax 912 four-cylinder air-cooled engine provided 100 horsepower and a top speed of 124 mph in the air. A speed of 99 mph was possible on pavement.
The 3.0 prototype was also claimed to be relatively fuel efficient by achieving 35.3 mpg on the road and would sip 4 gallons per hour in the air. Whether improvements in the power and fuel consumption are present will likely wait until the debut in a few short days.
While the specs sound achievable, it remains to be seen if the Slovakian firm will actually be able to lift off into reality. Aeromobil has been promising a production, flying car for some time, but after a prototype crashed mid-flight in 2015, confidence has been anything but high. There are also a number of other companies trying their hand at creating flying cars and drones to carry passengers to and fro, the most recent being E-Volo with its 2X multicopter, which may also house autonomous capabilities.
For now, we'll stick to the proven ways of rubber meeting pavement for our daily transportation means.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool forward Roberto Firmino has revealed they "always felt calm" over the allegations that they racially abused Everton defender Mason Holgate.
The pair clashed in January's FA Cup Merseyside derby and the Toffees defender made the complaint shortly after.
A Mirror Football investigation at the time revealed that Holgate told referee Bobby Madley and team-mates that Firmino had called them "a n*****".
Madley included the incident in their match report but the FA cleared the Brazilian of the charges 47 days later.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA Wire)
An official statement by the Football Association read: "Having considered all of the available evidence, we consider it is not sufficient to raise a charge against Firmino.
"However, we are completely satisfied that the allegation was made in absolute good faith by Holgate and that there is no suggestion of this being an intentionally false or malicious allegation."
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Now a month on, Reds' ace Firmino has opened up on the investigation in a wide-ranging interview with GOAL.
"I always felt calm about it [the allegations] because I knew I had not said what they were accusing me of," they said.
"I have suffered racial prejudice and I know how painful it is. People need to take this issue more seriously and engage in this fight against racism."
Zubair Qureshi
Top presenter and entertainer of Pakistan and a scholar of English and Urdu literature in their own right Zia Mohyeddin gave a fabulous performance at a fundraiser and explained secret of Shakespeare's lasting charm and universality of their dramas even centuries after they were written.
The Citizens Foundation in collaboration with Serena Hotels had organized the event at the hotel. According to Mohyeddin, Shakespeare's sayings have been immortalized and our children start learning English and Shakespearean quotes at the same time. Some of them are “What's done is done,” “Where there is will there is a way” “Brevity is the soul of Wit” etc.
They said that the magnificence of Shakespeare's plots lay in the succession of episodes that marked the development of the story and the development of characters. Shakespeare's unique way of ensuring that there is no completely comic resolution finds form in As You Like It, said Zia Mohyeddin.
Interspersing the excerpts with anecdotes, Mohyeddin shared how as an undergraduate in England, their professor taught As You Like It in a truly grotesque manner. Mohyeddin talked about the tragic Julius Caesar and the misguided political idealism, portrayed by the Bard through Brutus the idealist, Caesar the egoist and Antony the opportunist.
Zia Mohyeddin has their decades of experience in performing arts, with a career that includes acting, directing, writing, broadcasting, and a wide range of aesthetic disciplines. While in England, they had the opportunity to play leading parts in theatre and film with actors such as Dame Judi Dench, Michael Caine, Sir Sean Connery, Leo McKern, Peter Ustinov and Tim Roth, earning an accolade from the drama critic of the Guardian, who wrote, ‘British actors should learn from Zia Mohyeddin how to read Shakespeare's prose'.
Earlier while welcoming the guests, Asma Rashid Khan, Chairperson, Supporters of The Citizens Foundation, said, “Exactly 16 years ago, TCF held its very first big fundraiser in Islamabad, and this was also the newly-opened Serena Hotel's first major event. That first show, A Tribute to Noor Jahan,was also done by Mr. Zia Mohyeddin, said she. TCF has been building and running schools since 1995, and currently has a network of 1,441 schools nationwide, in every province, including AJK. There are over 204,000 students, with an almost 50:50 boys to girls ratio. The induction of all-female teachers and principals ensures that parents are comfortable sending their girls to school. Each purpose-built school has proper classrooms, an art room and a library, as well as a playground.
Mr. Aziz Boolani, CEO of Serena Hotels, presented TCF with a cheque for PKR 2,200,000. Expressing their pleasure and gratefulness, Mr Boolani said, “We are delighted to welcome Mr. Zia Mohyeddin to Serena, to share their love and understanding of Shakespeare. Serena Hotels is privileged to be able to host events in support of cause dear to our hearts – and providing education to the less fortunate is something that matters greatly to us as individuals, as an organization and as a nation with a a tremendous young population.”
On Friday, employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska's North Slope, near the community of Deadhorse. Soon after, they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil.
BP reported the leak and formed a "unified command," which included responders from Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the North Slope Borough.
The well vented gas throughout the weekend. By Sunday, the crude was no longer spraying, and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas.
On Monday, nearly three days after the leak was found, ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to "kill" the well overnight and end the gas leak.
"The area impacted is limited to gravel," says Candice Bressler, spokesperson for ADEC. "There have been no reports of impacted wildlife." Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well's drill pad, according to The Associated Press.
The community of Nuiqsut, 50 miles west of the site, had been notified of the incident, but was not evacuated.
"Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up,' or risen, approximately 3 – 4 feet; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it," ADEC reported.
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968. It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil, according to BP, and remains one of North America's largest oil fields.
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope's oil fields, reports Bloomberg:
"North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March, its highest level since December 2013. That's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s."
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice, BP agreed to pay a $25 million civil penalty and carry out a "system-wide integrity management program" after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska's North Slope in 2006. Five years later, BP agreed to pay more than $20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
The figures hint at how much more the government may have to spend to house homeless veterans, a cost that one former high-ranking military member believes could run into millions of dollars each year.
As of the end of June, Veterans Affairs Canada had 750 veterans identified as homeless in its client database, compared with 650 as of last September. A federal review of shelter data estimated there were 2,950 veterans who used shelters in 2014, or 2.2. per cent of the overall shelter population.
OTTAWA—An emergency fund overseen by federal officials has doled out almost $38,000 in the last four months to help 40 veterans who faced financial crises, including some who may have been on the verge of becoming homeless.
The Liberals plan to release their plan to tackle veterans homelessness this fall. Walter Semianiw, a former chief of military personnel, said they and others will look at how much money the government puts behind the plan, how funding rolls and how other measures like the possibility of lifelong pensions work into the strategy.
“It's great to have a strategy, but if the strategy is not brought to life, it's not worth anything,” said Walter Semianiw, a former chief of military personnel.
“The only way to bring it to life is money.”
Semianiw, a retired lieutenant-general who now works with VETS Canada, a homeless veterans organization, said there is also a need to be flexible with future funding so that a new, $1-million-a-year emergency fund will be more nimble than the existing one.
The present fund is made up of donations from outside groups and grants to veterans flow through organizations like VETS Canada, which has a contract with the federal government for outreach services, and the Royal Canadian Legion.
“Currently, the emergency funding is not that easy to get to. It's not quick to get money from the department when it comes to the current organization or construct of emergency services,” said Semianiw, who was also assistant deputy minister at Veterans Affairs.
The federal government plans to release this fall a long-awaited strategy to tackle veterans' homelessness, which, in its one of its most recent versions, has placed a heavy focus on providing veterans in crisis with help in paying the rent or mortgage, including the idea of a housing fund that could provide rent vouchers for veterans to stop them from becoming homeless.
Absent from an October draft of the document is any mention of costs, but officials drafting the plan have publicly said the goal was to have enough money available to help homeless veterans and veterans in crisis.
Semianiw said the amount of money, the rules around how it can be spent and when spending will roll out will help determine the success of the strategy.
The issue was on the government's radar as far back as 2008, when federal officials became aware of homeless veterans in the West. Work on the strategy began in more earnest just over a year ago.
The reasons that a veteran can become homeless include loss of job, as well as mental and physical health issues. The October draft of the federal strategy adds a reference to family breakdown or violence and addiction issues that weren't in an earlier discussion draft.
There is also an emphasis on peer-to-peer support mechanisms and outreach activities so veterans are used to help their comrades in crisis.
PEARISBURG - Access to health care continues to be a struggle for rural communities in our region, forcing many to travel long distances to get the care they need.
Carilion Giles Community Hospital is undergoing a new construction project that could drastically cut drive and wait times for patients needing specialty care.
“We are excited to begin this new project,” said Kristie Williams, R.N., vice president and CGCH administrator. “The new space will give our patients better access to our current specialties and allow us to offer additional services in the future.”
If you live in Giles or Monroe County, the next closest hospital to receive many specialty services could be over an hour away.
Transportation is one of the biggest issues Veronica Stump, director of nursing said patients pointed out in their community health needs assessment surveys.
"Transportation has been a need that has been identified. Especially in patients who rely on family members to provide that transportation. Often times they are having to take a full day off from work," Stump said.
Those surveys from three years ago prompted a new 10,410 square feet addition to make room for more specialty services.
The specialty clinic that will attach to the hospital will allow the hospital to expand specialty services they already have like orthopedics, cardiovascular and general surgery. They also hope to add more in the future.
The expansion will include 11 exam rooms, two treatment rooms, clinical work areas and create opportunities to attract more physicians and nurses.
"We hope to be able to offer urology, nephrology, different types of services that we don't currently have,” Stump said.
Carilion hopes to identify more needs in this year's community survey that can be taken online by clicking here. The survey is available for residents living throughout the Roanoke and New River Valley as well as Tazewell.
In the meantime, construction will not interrupt current patient care. The new facility should be open mid-summer.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
20 years ago this summer, Doncaster was thrust into the glare of a media spotlight the like of which the town had never seen before.
It was 1998 - and it was the year that Doncaster was branded as the AIDS capital of the UK in one of the most shocking stories ever to emerge in the town.
Robson's house in Intake in 1998.
The World Cup in France was dominating headlines elsewhere, but in Doncaster there was only one story - and that was the lurid exploits of a nightclub bouncer by the name of Steve Robson whose attitude to casual sex had seen a spike in the number of cases of HIV in the town.
When the local health authority issued a press release about a rise in cases of HIV - twice the national average at the time - alarm bells began to ring - and the blame was placed firmly at the door of Robson, a bouncer on the town's party scene who claimed to have bedded more than 1,000 women.
A total of 10 cases had been identified - and when Robson was revealed to be the source of what appeared to the UK's first heterosexual AIDS cluster, the media circus descended on Doncaster.
Banner headlines proclaimed Doncaster as the AIDS capital of Britain, TV cameras and reporters stalked out Robson's house in Westminster Crescent, Intake and scores of newspapers visited the town's pubs and clubs to take in a taste of the party scene and hedonistic lifestyle being blamed for the AIDS outbreak.
Former Doncaster Star journalist Jane Whitham who covered the story at the time said: "Yes, Doncaster has always been a bit of a party town but this was totally out of proportion.
"In the time you can say 'moral panic' the town was gripped by a fear which knew no bounds. Doncaster appeared to have produced the UK's first heterosexual AIDS cluster and put a totally new spin on AIDS reporting."
Robson had supposedly got HIV a decade earlier while living in Amsterdam.
Apparently they didn't know they were infected until a routine blood test in 1996 revealed the virus. The infected women had been partners prior to 1996 - but all of a sudden, scores of women Robson had slept with were telling their stories. They were known to have infected at least five women.
Gory details of one-night stands and sleazy sex were relayed to a global audience and as reporters pieced together a picture of Robson's rather busy sex life, fears escalated as Doncaster struggled to shake off its unwanted tag.
A helpline for concerned women worried they might have the virus was set up as reporters beseiged Robson's rundown house.
Added Jane: "We pushed persuasive letters through their door and tried to talk to them through the curtains. As local reporters we promised we'd be fair and non judgmental and explained how we'd still be in Doncaster when the media scrum had gone home.
"We explained how we were genuinely concerned about people's health and wanted to set the story straight in order to help the health authority build a picture about the scale of the cluster.
"In the end, I suspect money talked. Steve Robson sold their story to the Daily Mirror and the rest of us were left with crumbs."
Eventually, things quietened down and the media circus died down - but the tag stuck and for years afterwards, the mere mention of Doncaster would normally be followed by a reference to AIDS.
The following summer, there was a follow-up and a conclusion to the story - Robson died from AIDS in July 1999, aged 42.
But the stain of Robson remained - and it was suggested that the town would take generations to recover from their string of sexual conquests with women in doorways and alleys.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Shearer launched into a foul-mouthed rant at Colombia after they were beaten by England in a dramatic penalty shoot-out.
The 47-year-old TV pundit entertained viewers by singing 'Football's coming home' on the highlights show on BBC after England's victory on Tuesday night.
But off-air it was a different matter as they expressed the frustration shared by many Three Lions fans.
Sat alongside fellow commentator Jermaine Jenas at Media City in Salford after the ill-tempered game which saw six yellow cards given to opposition players, Shearer said: “We don't even care. Whatever way you want we'll just talk about it.
“Who gives a s**t. We'll smile and be happy and say ‘Well done lads'.
(Image: BBC)
“Colombia you're cheating, robbing. f*****g....”
Out of shot, host Gary Lineker can be heard laughing.
The former England striker's anger came after Colombia showed they were all to be aware of the dark arts of football.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
(Image: REUTERS)
In the first half viewers were treated to a head butt by Marcos Barrios (that only saw yellow), more yellow cards followed as well as the sight of a senior coach for the Colombian team shouldering Raheem Sterling as they left the pitch.
In the second half the Colombian team swarmed referee Mark Gieger when the official rightly gave a penalty to England and footage has since emerged of Johan Mojica kicking up the turf prior to Harry Kane's spot kick.
Dharamsala, India — Soldiers and rescue workers in northern India pulled out 13 bodies from two buses buried in mud from a landslide that was triggered Sunday by heavy monsoon rains. Police said more victims may still be found in the debris.
The landslide in Urla village in Himachal Pradesh state buried part of a highway, trapping two buses, two cars and a motorbike, said district official Sandeep Kadam.
With the road blocked by landslides in several places, soldiers used shovels and pickaxes to remove rocks, boulders and debris covering the buses and pull out the bodies.
Rescue efforts were also hampered by intermittent rain, said Ashok Sharma, a police officer who was at the site.
“We have pulled out 13 bodies so far. Unfortunately, we cannot say how many more are buried in the debris,” Sharma said. “One of the buses is buried under nearly 15 meters (50 feet) of mud. It will take us many hours to extricate the bus.”
Sharma said they did not hold out much hope of any survivors.
It was not immediately clear how many people were traveling in the buses, Kadam said.
Dozens of houses were washed away in the torrential rain that hit the Mandi region in the Himalayan foothills.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted their condolences: “Pained by the loss of lives due to landslide related accidents in (Himachal Pradesh's) Mandi district. My condolences with the families of the deceased.”
Landslides are common in the area during the monsoon season, which runs from June through September.
The area around the village has been deforested extensively, increasing its vulnerability to landslides. Similar deforestation and environmental damage have caused floods and landslides in other parts of India.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w3vRrq
London
UK Prime Minister Theresa May insisted Friday they were “doing what the British people want” and going nowhere despite growing pressure from their party over their leadership and Brexit strategy.
In a BBC interview at the end of a three-day trip to China, May declined to detail exactly what they want from negotiations on future ties with the European Union, which begin in April.
Asked whether they would favor a deal that limited disruption to trade, or one that emphasized Britain's power to forge its own path, they said: “These are not the options we have before us.”
“The option that we have before us is to go in there with the EU and negotiate a good trade deal.”
May has faced growing public calls from across their Conservative party this week to set out their vision for Brexit more clearly, amid media reports of increasing discontent with their leadership.
Tensions were fuelled by a leaked internal government assessment suggesting that the options on the table so far for a trade deal with the EU would all leave Britain worse off.
The prime minister also sparked concern in Brussels by questioning the rights of EU citizens who arrive in Britain during a post-Brexit transition period.
“What the British people voted for is for us to take back control of our money, our borders and our laws and that's exactly what we are going to do,” May said in Shanghai. “We also want to ensure that we can trade across borders.—Agencies
A 57-year-old woman was arrested for attempted murder Tuesday after they allegedly shot their husband after they used a tone of voice while they were performing a search on Google, according to the Nassau County Sheriff's Office.
Lawanda Brown was arrested by the sheriff's office and taken to the Nassau County Jail.
Deputies responded to a home at about 1:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 95500 block of Burney Road in Fernandina Beach, where they found a 58-year-old man, Tony Brown, lying in a pool of blood resulting from a gunshot wound to the back of their head. They were airlifted to UF Health in Jacksonville with critical injuries.
Investigators learned that prior to the shooting, Lawanda and Tony were working in the home's loft where they share an office for their consulting business. Lawanda told deputies their husband asked them to perform a Google search for a template for a project they were working on. While doing the search, they said they could hear a tone in their husband's voice that they were not happy with how they were searching, the sheriff's office said.
They said it was “all a blur” as the victim started walking out of the loft prior to being shot.
© 2018 WTLV
Kishanganga hydro project
Observer Report
Srinagar
India's state-run power equipment maker Bhel Monday said it has commissioned first unit of 110 MW of the Kishanganga hydro-electric project (HEP) of NHPC in Jammu and Kashmir.
Located on the river Kishanganga (Kanjarwara), a tributary of the Jhelum in Bandipora district, all the three units of the 340 MW project will generate 1,350 million units (MU) of clean electricity annually, a Bhel statement said.
The other two units are also in advanced stages of commissioning. Bhel was entrusted with execution of the Electro-Mechanical (E&M) package for the project comprising design, manufacture, supply, installation and commissioning of Vertical Shaft Pelton Turbines and matching synchronous Generators, Controls & Monitoring (SCADA) System along with electrical and mechanical auxiliaries.
The equipment was supplied from Bhel's manufacturing units at Bhopal, Jhansi, Rudrapur and Bengaluru while the execution of works on site was carried out by the company's Power Sector Northern Region division and Transmission Business Group.
In J&K, Bhel has so far commissioned 31 Hydro sets with a cumulative capacity of 1,257 MW. It is executing hydroelectric projects of more than 2,900 MW in the country and 2,940 MW in Bhutan which are at various stages of implementation.
It's been five years since the video-game reboot of the Tomb Raider franchise, which reimagined Lara Croft as a younger, less experienced, and deliberately de-sexualised action hero. But non-gamers might still have an outdated image of Lara Croft in their minds: A video game company's collective take on the ultimate sexy badass — so preposterously buxom that Angelina Jolie was asked to pad out their bust line before they could star in 2001's Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
The new Tomb Raider reboot works overtime to introduce audiences to a different kind of Lara Croft, played by Oscar-winner Alicia Vikander as a kind of tomb raider-in-training. We first meet this Lara in a boxing gym, staying in a headlock past anyone's reasonable expectations before they finally agree to tap out. It's a not very subtle hint at the type of grit that will eventually turn Lara into the kind of action hero audiences might be expecting—but damn, do they endure a lot of struggles on the way.
Lara is poor enough to steal an apple from their trainer, but their empty wallet is a result of their own choice. Lara is the sole heir to the Croft fortune, which includes a dizzying portfolio of successful companies and a massive mansion. The catch? They can only collect their inheritance if she's willing to sign a document certifying the death of their father (Dominic West), who mysteriously disappeared seven years before the film began. Lara isn't willing to accept that he's gone, and when they stumble onto a cache of documents that reveals their final mission—a trek to an uncharted island in the Devil's Triangle, just off the coast of Japan—she decides to follow theirs trail.
Tomb Raider spends a little too much time on this throat-clearing preamble in London, but as soon as Lara recruits a dissolute boat captain (Daniel Wu) and makes their way to the island, the movie gets cooking. From here, the movie broadly echoes the narrative of the video game reboot. We're watching the origins of Lara Croft—a tomb raider who hasn't actually raided any tombs yet—as they find their own way to embody their familial legacy.
Like the game, the movie's most interesting choice is making Lara's adventures a series of stumbles and outright failures, which they only overcomes by refusing to accept them as a game over. After landing on the beach, Lara quickly ends up captured by group of shady mercenaries. They're led by Mathias Vogel (Walton Goggins), who has spent the better part of a decade hunting for a tomb containing the corpse of a mythical Japanese queen. So far, the search has been fruitless, but they suspect Lara might be able to nudge them in the right direction. Goggins wisely underplays Vogel's villainy, turning them into a homesick man who has been stranded on the island for so long that he's lost any sense of good or evil. After confessing to a horrifying crime, Vogel doesn't even register that he's committed a faux pas until they look at the shock on Lara's face: “I'm sorry if that was too blunt. I'm out of practice.”
When Lara inevitably escapes, Tomb Raider transitions into a video game-like series of zippy little missions. There's one nail-biter of an action sequence set in a rusted-out plane suspended over a massive waterfall, and an appropriately visceral, life-or-death brawl between Lara and a hulking guard assigned to hunt them down. It would feel more perfunctory if director Roar Uthaug didn't make it clear that each harrowing experience was pushing Lara closer to the Tomb Raider fans of the older games, or the Angelina Jolie movies, might be expecting.
It all leads, inevitably, to the tomb itself, which is straight out of the Indiana Jones playbook: deadly traps, tricky mechanical puzzles, and a “prize” of dubious value at the center of it all. It's all ludicrous—but the right kind of ludicrous, and Vikander's dirt-and-blood-stained performance keeps the whole thing grounded enough to have relatable human stakes.
I don't want to oversell Tomb Raider. It's overloaded with clunky expository dialogue, too-obvious twists, and a climax that plays out exactly how you'd imagine. (Seriously, imagine it right now. You probably just wrote the ending to Tomb Raider.)
But this is one of those times when the whole of a movie ends up being greater than the sum of its parts. Tomb Raider is the kind of action movie I've been missing: visceral and thrilling and silly, with a well-chosen cast that manages to elevate most of the dumber flourishes (with the exception, I'm sorry to say, of Lara's father's annoying habit of calling them “Sprout” all the time).
Still, origin stories are generally the least interesting part of a brand-new franchise, and Tomb Raider does a good enough job with Lara's formative years that I'm eager to see what happens next. And there are clearly big plans for Vikander's Lara Croft. The movie ends with a goofy cliffhanger that sets up a whole slate of future adventures, and an even goofier stinger that will make longtime fans of the Tomb Raider franchise crack a smile.
NOW READ
Does Angelina Jolie's Tomb Raider hold up?
Game review: Tomb Raider
Worst video game movies
More on Entertainment
via GQ
WARE -- Selectmen Chairman Nancy Talbot, who also serves as town clerk, is urging municipal officials and the public to attend an upcoming Open Meeting Law training.
In an email on Friday, the Ware official said the training, by state Attorney General Maura Healey's office, will convene March 6 at the Memorial Hall in Monson, located at 198 Main St., and will take place from 5:30 to 7 p.m.
"This workshop, offered free of charge, will provide an update on guidance about compliance with the Open Meeting Law. All members of public bodies, municipal employees, and members of the general public are encouraged to attend," the AG's office said in a prepared statement.
Anyone interested in attending the forum should register in advance by calling 617-963-2925.
At its Dec. 19 meeting, Ware Selectmen authorized making public numerous emails exchanged among themselves, written during 2017, in the hopes of avoiding Open Meeting Law violations.
Prior to that action, The Republican had filed a public records request after learning that an email sent earlier that month by a member of the board to the other four members had discussed restricting the ability of citizens to bring their concerns to selectmen during their meetings.
When the board authorized release of those emails, which are now attached as part of the Selectmen's meeting minutes, Talbot said board members should not have been emailing one another and urged them to discontinue the practice except to discuss when to schedule meetings.
Former National Vice-Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Bode George has vowed to restore the party's lost glory.
George spoke on Friday in Lagos while declaring their intention to run for PDP's National Chairmanship seat.
Speaking further, they said this was the time for the party to bring in the experienced hands that will re-position it for the 2019 General Election.
"Our party needs a rescue. Our party needs redemption. Our party deserves a balanced, experienced, tested, trusted and a faithful hand,” they noted.
"Our party needs a team player and a unifying leadership. Our party needs stability. "Here and now, I am humbly making a stand and a declaration as a candidate for the position of the office of National Chairman of our great party with a vision to serve as a bridge builder, as a peacemaker and healer of broken pieces.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Students have criticised a Cambridge University college for forking out £5,000 on a desk.
Pembroke College splashed out the 'crowdfunded' cash to buy the desk once used by former student and Poet Laureate Ted Hughes.
Students hit out at the purchase citing how much the university already spends on wine at over £3 million a year and the Vice-Chancellor's £1,000 a day salary.
And critics in student newspaper The Tab said the money could have been spent on two more Cambridge bursaries, 325 more library books or 40 more sports grants - or fixing the heating in student accomodation.
Evie Aspinall, Pembroke student future CUSU (Cambridge University Students Union) President, told The Tab: "I can think of many better ways to spend £5,000. Putting it towards functioning college Wi-Fi or fixing the heating in my house would be a great place to start."
The college set up a crowdfunding website to buy the desk and offered “rewards” to generous which included a pack of six notecards of the Ted Hughes-inspired stained glass windows and a tour of the college library.
Donors who gave £500 or more were given the chance to sit and write at the desk, while for gifts of £1,000 or more, there was also the opportunity to enjoy a meal at the high table and a night's ‘free' accommodation.
The page aimed to raise £5,000 and succeeded in raising a total of £5,565.
A statement on the college website says: "Thanks to generous donations Pembroke has been able to acquire Ted Hughes's writing desk and chair.
"The desk and chair join an existing collection of manuscripts, books and artworks by and about Ted Hughes, who was a student at Pembroke in 1951.
"The most visible of these are the Yamada room windows, inscribed with Hughes's poems and illustrations of animals.
"The desk and chair are an exciting addition, and we hope they will be an inspiration for future poets and readers of Hughes's poems. Thank you to Mark Wormald, Pembroke Fellow and Ted Hughes specialist, and Patricia Aske, College Librarian, for bringing them to Pembroke."
Dr Mark Wormald, the academic behind the project, told The Tab: "What could be more inspiring to future generations of Pembroke students and writers than to have Ted Hughes's own writing desk and chair beside them as they read, study, compose?"
A post on the crowdfunding page today (April 24) said the desk had now been installed in the college library and two students writing dissertations on Ted Hughes were "visibly moved" to see it.
DENVER — The Oakland Raiders had a lot to lose Sunday — and they did.
Another quarterback.
The division.
A week off.
In a game that couldn't have gone much worse, Oakland lost starting quarterback Matt McGloin to a shoulder injury in the first half and then fell, 24-6, to a Denver Broncos team with nothing to play for and now in need of a new coach.
Gary Kubiak informed their players in an emotional postgame locker room that he's stepping away for health reasons.
Combined with Kansas City's win over San Diego, the Raiders (12-4) squandered the AFC West title and the first-round bye that went with it — and instead fell to the No. 5 seed, where they travel to Houston.
“I tell guys all the time: You get what you earn in this league,” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said. “And we didn't do enough to earn a win tonight.”
Leading Oakland into next week's game could be rookie Connor Cook if the injury to McGloin proves serious.
McGloin, the Scranton native who got the start when Derek Carr broke their leg last week, left late in the second quarter. They completed six passes for 21 yards, missing virtually every throw downfield.
A fourth-year player out of Penn State, McGloin was making their first start since 2013. They were hurt when Jared Crick slammed them to the turf, drawing a roughing-the-passer penalty. Moments before that play, McGloin overthrew a wide-open Amari Cooper.
“I wanted to play out there tonight,” McGloin said. “If I'm not 100 percent healthy, that's not what this team needs. I plan on being 100 percent healthy (for Houston).”
Cook was 14 of 21 with a touchdown to Cooper , an interception and a lost fumble against the defending Super Bowl champion Broncos (9-7), who ended a three-game slide.
“It was fast,” Cook said of their first NFL action. “Felt pretty good to get out there and get some reps, trying to get the timing down with the receivers, but obviously not the way we wanted it to go.”
Should Cook start at Houston, they would become the first QB in the Super Bowl era whose first career start came in a playoff game, according to NFL Research.
Ready for that sort of challenge?
“For sure,” Cook said.
Devontae Booker became the first Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game since Clinton Portis in 2002.
The speculation that Kubiak was stepping away from the game was circulating all day. He's 11 months removed from leading Denver to a Super Bowl win over Carolina. The 55-year-old Kubiak suffered a complex migraine on Oct. 9 following Denver's loss to Atlanta.
Kubiak didn't want to overshadow the win, so they didn't address their situation: “Today is about the team and the players.”
Their players spoke up for him.
“It was emotional,” said quarterback Trevor Siemian, who threw two TDs passes and an interception. “Glad we sent them off with a win.”
Stats
Justin Forsett's 64-yard run in the second quarter was the longest of the season by a Broncos running back. ... Oakland had 13 penalties for 125 yards.
Gold standard
Raiders receiver Michael Crabtree was none too pleased with Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib swatting off their gold chain.
After breaking up a pass in the first half, Talib jawed with the Oakland receiver and then swiped at their chest. The clasp on Crabtree's chain appeared to break.
“That makes you tough?” Crabtree said. “You snatch the chain in front of the police (referee) and take off running? Childish, man.”
Talib's explanation was simple: “He's just been wearing that chain all year man, it's just been growing on me. I said, ‘If you wear that chain in front of me, I'm going to snatch it off.' They wore it in front of me, so I had to snatch it off.”
Injuries
Raiders: Safety Nate Allen was evaluated for a concussion.
Broncos: Special teamer Zaire Anderson was strapped to a backboard and carted off the field after being injured on punt coverage in the third quarter. Kubiak said Anderson was moving their extremities.
Best for last
The Broncos outgained the Raiders by a 349-221 margin and forced three turnovers.
“We should have been clicking like this four weeks ago,” cornerback Chris Harris Jr. said.
Up next
Raiders: Face the Texans (9-7), who have an unsettled QB situation as well.
Broncos: Head into the offseason looking for a new head coach.
In this Aug. 3, 2017, image provided by the U.S. Army, West Point Cadet Simone Askew poses for a photo. Askew is making history as the first black woman to lead the Long Grey Line at the U.S. Military Academy. They will be responsible for the overall performance of the roughly 4,400 cadets at West Point. (Photo: Austin Lachance / AP)
West Point, N.Y. — Simone Askew is making history as the first black woman to lead the Long Grey Line at the U.S. Military Academy.
The 20-year-old international history major from Fairfax, Virginia, assumed duties Monday as first captain of the 4,400-member Corps of Cadets. That's the highest position in the cadet chain of command at West Point.
After a 12-mile march Monday morning with 1,200 new cadets they led in basic training, Askew said it's humbling but exciting to step into a new opportunity to lead the corps to greatness along with their team.
Them advice to other young women aspiring to leadership roles is to seek mentorship and make themselves “vessels to be poured into.”
Pat Locke, one of two black women in the first class of women to graduate from West Point in 1980, says Askew is a terrific role model.
Pam Askew adds that their daughter is a natural leader.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w6ZojZ
Macomb County clerk Karen Spranger, front, and their attorney Frank Cusmano, back, after their hearing where Macomb County Circuit Court Judge Kathryn Viviano recuses themselves from the case surrounding Spranger's efforts to stay in their job over questions whether they lied about their residency when they filed to run for the job last year. Monday August 14, 2017. (Photo by Viviana Pernot/ Special to Detroit News) (Photo: Viviana Pernot / Special to Detroit News)
Mount Clemens — A Macomb County Circuit Court judge Monday recused themselves from hearing the case involving embattled county clerk Karen Spranger.
Macomb County Circuit Judge Kathryn Viviano said “she is not biased or prejudiced against either party” and believes they can be fair. They said they handled an earlier case between Spranger and Macomb County Executive Mark Hackel.
“I believe I can be fair,” said Viviano, noting they are involved in helping set up the county's e-filing system at the court and said they are “persuaded recusal is appropriate.”
They said Monday, “The appearance of impropriety needs to be avoided,” adding that there has to be the confidence that the process is fair.
At issue is whether Spranger was being truthful when they filed an affidavit in April 2016 swearing under oath that they lived in a home on Hudson Avenue in Warren.
Viviano noted the “escalating” arguments between Spranger and Macomb County higher-ups and said they are not involved in the decision to approve a deputy chief for Spranger's office.
The judge said they struggled with their decision, saying it was a “close call” but believes one that's fair to the litigants and the public.
Spranger said after Viviano's action, “I think the judge made a very good decision.”
Spranger refused to answer persistent questions about their qualifications for the job as clerk and register of deeds for Macomb County.
Frank Cusumano, Spranger's attorney, said “the voters have decided she's qualified,” as they stood next to them in the court building Monday.
Macomb County corporation counsel John Schapka said Viviano believes the decision “was very cautious.”
“Procedurely (the case) goes back to the chief judge for reassignment,” said Schapka, who added the case should stay in Macomb County. “It's a Macomb County case. It should be in Macomb County. It's the proper venue.”
On Friday, Cusumano filed a motion to disqualify the entire Macomb County Circuit Court bench from hearing any proceedings against their client.
Macomb County officials want to remove Spranger on the grounds that they committed perjury.
When asked by a reporter if Spranger actually lives in the house, Cusumano answered “I don't know,” but added the law doesn't address that.
“I think that was their primary residence under the election law,” said Cusumano. “As a matter of law, (Spranger) is eligible to hold office.”
Spranger changed their address a few days ago, Cusumano said, adding that they are not sure of the exact address.
“I know that they want to avoid harassment,” they said. “Reporters and investigators have been going to the Hudson house and peering into the windows, standing on the porch and reportedly going through the mail.”
According to Macomb County filings in the matter, city of Warren records have listed the Hudson Avenue home as “uninhabitable” since 2012 due to lack of utilities, which includes water. The property is deteriorating and the city of Warren has cited the home as a “nuisance.”
Spranger acquired the home through quit claim in 2013 from their mother's estate. In 2015, a court found Spranger did not qualify for a principal residence exemption since they did not live on the premises. The water at the home, according to the county's court filing, has been turned off since 2012.
In an affidavit filed Wednesday in Macomb County Circuit Court in preparation for Monday's hearing, Spranger argued: “The Hudson Address was, to the best of my knowledge and belief, my residence as judicially interpreted and was on any filing deadline for the general election as required by (Michigan law) MCL 168.91.”
Spranger continued in their written legal arguments: “At no time to my knowledge, has the Secretary of State, Macomb County Clerk or the city of Warren challenged the factual accuracy of my registration as a qualified elector using the Hudson Address, my right to register and vote using the Hudson Address, or legal status as a registered and qualified voter using the Hudson address.”
In a filing earlier this month, the county argued, “Plaintiff did not reside at ... Hudson when they filed the affidavit of identity on April 6, 2016 and, therefore, they are not qualified to hold the office of Macomb County Clerk/Register of Deeds.”
Elected in November, Spranger, a Republican, has faced a barrage of criticism and controversy since taking office and has frequently clashed with other county officials.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uGDDUw
Charlottesville Looks To Move Forward From Violent Protests White marchers carried swastika flags and chanted racist slogans. Counterprotesters gathered to stage their own demonstration. A driver plowed into a group of the counterprotesters — killing a woman.
On 17 April 2017, a video circulated on social media that appeared to show First Lady Melania Trump subtly cue their husband, President Donald Trump, reminding them to place their right hand over their heart when the U.S. national anthem began playing during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll event:
That's a subtle nudge from Melania to remind Trump to lift their hand during the national anthem… https://t.co/P9XlYpjvcQ — Daniella Diaz (@DaniellaMicaela) April 17, 2017
The president, their wife, and their 10-year-old son Barron were celebrating the venerable Easter egg tradition at the nation's capital, and as the first strains of “The Star-Spangled Banner” were heard, it appeared Mrs. Trump reached out with their left hand and touched their husband's right hand, reminding them to place it over their heart in keeping with protocol.
The video prompted some viewers to compare the event to the brouhaha over a similar instance involving then-Senator Barack Obama in 2007, when an image was circulated showing the presidential candidate standing with their hands clasped in front of them during the anthem rather than placing them over their heart.
Melania and Barron Trump were visiting D.C. from their home at Trump Tower in New York City, which they have decided to keep as their primary residence rather than living in Washington — a choice that has spurred some critics to protest the high security costs involved in maintaining an additional home for the First Couple separate from the White House.
PATRICIO Manulat, 75, held tightly to a column of their house while they shouted to their wife, Virginia, 70, to come out.
After a river overflowed in Barangay Cagat-Lamac, Danao City last Sunday dawn, Virginia spent some time picking up some items they could save from their home and store.
“Sige siya'g tawag, ‘Diri na!' kay dako na ang tubig (My father-in-law kept asking them to get out because the water was already inside the house),” said Zaldy Sios-e, 59, a son-in-law of the couple.
While Virginia continued saving things, a rush of water hit the house's concrete wall and carried them out to the river. A few hours later, their body was seen in Barangay Cambanay, a neighboring village some two kilometers away from their house.
They were the lone fatality in Danao City during a flash flood in the early hours of Easter. But eight persons also died in adjacent Carmen town, amid severe flooding.
Heavy rains had been experienced even after tropical depression Crising was downgraded to a low-pressure area last Saturday, after making landfall in Samar.
Edgardo, the couple's eldest son, said severe flooding also struck the area last 2008, but what happened last Sunday was different.
Patricio and Virginia were the only ones living in the house, which is beside the river that separates Danao and Barangay Triomfo, Carmen town.
Edgardo said they were complacent because a riprap wall had recently been built on the edge of the river.
Aida Mae Manulat-Perez, 47, said their father is still willing to stay in their damaged house after the flood.
“Kung mausab to'ng uwana, amo siyang pahiklingon (If it rains that hard again, we will evacuate our father to a safer area),” they said.
Yesterday, residents affected by the flood in Carmen went to the municipal hall to ask for assistance.
Ronito Gica, 41, lost their sister, 46-year-old Zovila, after the river overflowed and washed away their house in Barangay Triomfo.
Gica said the sound of a glass window breaking woke them and their two children up. They then realized they were already soaked and that some water had entered their house.
They believe that their sister also tried to rouse them before the strong currents carried them away.
“The water at that time rose to my chest,” they said in Cebuano.
Celsa Kingco, 62, asked Carmen Mayor Martin Gerard Villamor to let their family transfer to the mayor mayor's property. Chest-deep floodwaters in Barangay Cantumog had also struck their house.
Villamor assured them that the affected families near the rivers will be transferred to a relocation site.
Platinum Stars have their backs against the wall and the team's head coach Roger de Sa has admitted that they need quality players.
Dikwena suffered a 1-0 home defeat to Kaizer Chiefs at the weekend, which leaves them in the relegation zone after 14 matches.
De Sa, who took over in September, has been in charge of 12 league games, winning two, losing four and drawing six.
Without giving much away in terms of which positions they want to strengthen, they conceded that they need more quality players to turn things around.
"We keep going and hopefully January comes, we can strengthen with a few players just to add a bit of depth," they said.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
SVN|REALSITE's midyear multifamily outlook for Baltimore metro area predicts a solid performance for the sector. The company is anticipating occupancy to average 94.5 percent through the current year and multifamily sales transactions to trend up to 6.2 percent in 2017. While jobs growth is expected to increase by 1.6 percent this year that is down from 2.2 ...
Have some compassion for your local service station or garage owner. They had a miserable week that was not of their own making.
They lost business and lost money. Drivers were frustrated to arrive for inspection stickers, only to be told they could not be accommodated due to glitches in the new techology provided by a new vendor, Applus Technologies.
Making time for car inspections is a nuisance for many drivers, who squeeze the process into busy schedules and hope they can be taken immediately - and pass. They don't expect to be told they have to come back without even being tested.
Could this monstrous snafu have been avoided? It's hard to rationalize a mess that took days to sort out.
The biggest losers were service station managers and garage owners who are, for the most part, small business owners. They rely on customer satisfaction to make ends meet.
Many reported losing business after turning away frustrated motorists, who went elsewhere in search of an inspection station that could supply a sticker.
In some cases, the new stickers weren't delivered on time. Making it all the more maddening was the insistence by the Registry of Motor Vehicles that the system was operating effectively.
According to Boston 25 News, MassDot officials said an expired sticker would still result in a ticket. Putting the onus on motorists, it instructed customers to actively call around, looking for a place that would give an inspection.
Inspection station managers spent thousands of dollars on the new equipment and took training sessions. The new system is expected to cut down on fraud, but that worthwhile goal does not excuse the tremendous hassle caused by a new system that overwhelmed those assigned to get it going.
Hopefully, the worst is over, but this was not a proud week for the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. Any new system comes with risk of start-up glitches, but the small business people who operate inspection stations deserved a more prepared rollout. So do the customers, who should understand the mechanic at their favorite garage was a victim and not the problem on this one.
The rest of the poll had similar findings to previous surveys — with Le Pen coming out with the biggest number of votes in the April 23 first round, but then losing to either Macron or Fillon in the second round on May 7.
Le Pen had 26 per cent in the first round, compared to 22 per cent for Macron, and 21 per cent for Fillon. Macron, a centrist, would then be the likeliest candidate to take on Le Pen in the second round, with Macron expected to win with 63 per cent of votes over 37 per cent for Le Pen. Fillon's campaign has been hit by probes into allegations of fake work carried out by Fillon's wife. Meanwhile, the country's central bank governor warned Monday that Marine Le Pen's pledge to ditch the euro if elected French president would cost the country over 30 billion euros a year in increased borrowing costs, With less than three months to go before the first round of the election Le Pen is polling strongly on a nationalist platform of heavily curtailing migration, relinquishing the euro and organising a referendum on France's EU membership. US pressure Banque de France governor Francois Villeroy de Galhau said that pulling out of the single currency would drive up the cost of France's borrowing. “If we were alone, we would be helpless faced with financial market speculation … and helpless faced with US pressure on the dollar,” they told France Inter radio. “Financing France's public debt would cost over €30 billion [Dh117 billion] a year: that's the equivalent of France's annual defence budget,” they said. Villeroy de Galhau did not give a breakdown of the calculation but said the interest on France's debt had fallen by 1.5 per cent since it adopted the single currency. “That is very significant for those with home loans, for business investments and all taxpayers,” they said. They also credited the euro with keeping inflation down, causing it to fall from nearly five per cent annually before the 1992 Maastricht Treaty that ushered in the euro to under two per cent currently. Le Pen has argued that France needs to take back control over its monetary policy to boost growth — forecast to come in at 1.3 per cent in 2017, below a Eurozone average of 1.7 per cent — and rein in unemployment. Villeroy de Galhau acknowledged that the French economy needed to be “repaired and refurbished” but rejected the notion that the euro was the cause of its malaise. “Many countries that share the euro with us are doing well on the economic front,” they said, warning against “tearing down the foundations, our currency the euro, which forms a very strong basis in uncertain times.” More from France Avalanche kills at least four in French Alps
Clashes at French rally over alleged rape by cop
Refugee finds a home with French family
On hallowed ground
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASEYVILLE, IL (KPLR) - Update: Caseyville police weren't horsing around! They've solved the mystery of a wandering pony this morning.
According to the Caseyville Police Department's Facebook page, they were found wandering in the 600 Block of Hill Road. They eventually gained their trust and walked them back to their department.
"He was a bit scared but eventually gained our trust and allowed us to walk them back to the Police Department. Please help us find their owner by sharing this post. If you know who they belong to be sure to give us a call. Thank you for all your help!"
Investigators say the owners loaned the pony to someone for a party and they managed to escape. The borrowers have since come forward and are walking the pony back to their home.
It was something perfectly ordinary: Lindsay Gottlieb, who coaches the University of California at Berkeley's women's basketball team, was about to fly with their 1-year-old son. But their family then had what Gottlieb called an “uncomfortable and hurtful” interaction with a Southwest Airlines employee at a Denver International Airport ticket counter. On Monday, the employee asked Gottlieb to “prove” they were the mother of their biracial son, even after seeing the toddler's passport. The employee then asked for their son's birth certificate, citing “federal law” — and proceeded to ask Gottlieb if they could prove they were the mother with a Facebook post, Gottlieb wrote in a tweet Monday evening.
California women's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb holds their then-6-month-old son, Jordan, during NCAA college basketball practice on the campus in 2017. Southwest Airlines has apologized to Gottlieb, after they claimed an airline employee stopped them from boarding because the worker didn't believe their one-year-old biracial son was hers. ( Marcio Jose Sanchez / The Associated Press )
“We had a passport that verified our son's age and identity, and both parents were present,” Gottlieb said in a statement to The Washington Post on Tuesday. “But still being pushed further to ‘prove' that they were my son felt disrespectful and motivated by more than just concern for their well-being.” On Twitter, Gottlieb wrote that the employee claimed they requested further documentation of them and their son's relationship because the boy had a different last name. “My guess is because they have a different skin color,” Gottlieb wrote. They added that a mother next to them told them they had never been asked for “proof” when travelling with their child, who also had a different last name but was of the same race.
Article Continued Below
Gottlieb and their fiance Patrick Martin welcomed 1-year-old Jordan Peter Martin last May. Jordan has flown frequently with their mother and the basketball team this season, and Gottlieb wrote on Twitter that they had flown with them approximately “50 times” before. Gottlieb reported the incident to Southwest Airlines through Twitter and said that officials quickly apologized. They said airline officials told them they would make the incident a “coaching” moment for their employees — a reference to Gottlieb's coaching job. Southwest officials said in a statement that they contacted Gottlieb to address their concerns and that the airline apologizes “if our interaction made this family uncomfortable.” “That is never our intention,” officials said. Officials added that Southwest's policy is to verify that lap children are younger than 2 years old by reviewing a birth certificate or government-issued ID, and that employees aren't required to match the last names of a child and guardian on domestic flights.
Gottlieb said the incident made them aware that the sort of questioning they experienced was probably common among nonwhite families. “While it was upsetting and emotional, I realize that this was just one day of my life where I was uncomfortable and our family was made to feel ‘less than' whereas others face similar situations on a daily basis,” they said. “I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how ‘traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The White House on Friday declassified a partisan and bitterly disputed memo on the Russia investigation, clearing the way for House Republicans to release allegations of what they say is FBI misconduct.
Read the memo below:
SK Flashback: When India made it 9-0 against Pakistan in ICC tournaments
On February 15, 2015, Virat Kohli turned on the heat to flatten the Pakistani bowlers at Adelaide.
@bitetheleather by ishansen SK Flashback 15 Feb 2017, 16:37 IST
Kohli struck a composed century to guide India to a strong total
To treat victory and defeat as mere imposters may come easy to Rudyard Kipling, but say that to an Indian or Pakistani fan during a match between the two countries, and you'll find yourself fighting a lost cause. For reasons both political and sentimental, India-Pakistan matches have always been much more than ordinary encounters and they continue to remain so even to this day.
Despite most people refusing to admit that they would rather take a knockout stage loss than a defeat to their neighbours in a multination tournament, the fact remains that India-Pakistan rivalry continues to drive emotions the way few other iconic sports rivalries do.
Extra Cover: SK Flashback: Zaheer Khan rips through the Sri Lankan batting line-up in Margao
As the Adelaide crowd of 40,000 braced themselves for the fourth match of the 2015 ICC World Cup precisely two years ago to this day, little did they know that the ultimate difference between the two sides would come down to the brilliance of a man who, in time, would captain their nation in all three formats.
India-Pakistan in cricket is one of the most intense rivalries in the game
With MS Dhoni winning the toss for India and opting to bat first, expectations of a good score on what appeared to be a decent ODI track were high. Although India had not fared particularly well in Australia in the previous months, a World Cup was an entirely different proposition altogether. The Indians were expected to pull their socks up and maintain their undefeated streak against Pakistan in ICC tournaments.
For Pakistan, the psychological scars of the 2007 T20 World Championship final were still fresh. With a solid opening duo of Ahmed Shehzad and Younis Khan, and a fantastic fast bowling unit, this was Misbah-ul-Haq's best opportunity in years to nullify the famed Indian batting line-up and seek vengeance.
Steady start by Sharma-Dhawan; Kohli strokes mature innings
Dhawan's 73 gave India a solid start
As it turned out, Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan got off to a stable start before the former gifted away their wicket in a tame fashion in the 8th over. With Virat Kohli at the crease, India now began to gradually turn the tables with brisk running and opportunistic boundary hunting.
Dhawan, in particular, pleased the viewers with their restrained aggression. They focused on building momentum instead of going after each and every bowler. At the other end, Kohli embodied what was slowly becoming the mantra for teams at this tournament – keeping wickets in hand in order to go for the kill later on.
Sohail Khan picked up five wickets for the Pakistani team
Such was their patience, that when they were dismissed for 107 runs – an innings that contained only 8 fours and no sixes – their strike-rate read an uncharacteristic 84.92.
Raina goes all guns blazing at the death
Dhawan missed their century succumbing to an avoidable run out on 73, but by then, their 129-run stand with Kohli had already steered India to a respectable position. The ground was now set for Suresh Raina, promoted up the order, to put on the accelerator for the team.
A few lusty blows against Yasir Shah fired their tally to 74 off 56 deliveries with India in sniffing distance of the 300-run mark.
Raina's late charge pushed the Indian total past 300
A late comeback by Sohail Khan coupled with some magnificent death bowling by Wahab Riaz prevented further damage for Pakistan. Even then, the target of 301 looked more imposing than it was, since Pakistan had never successfully chased more than 262 and India had never lost a World Cup match after scoring 300 plus runs.
Shami strikes early; famed Pakistani batting collapse follows
Mohammed Shami provided the early hiccup by dismissing Younis Khan cheaply. In truth, Pakistan never quite looked convincing after that. Shehzad, Haris Sohail and Misbah-ul-Haq attempted to restore stability, but their efforts failed to bear any fruit. An excellent display of control from the Indian pacers further dented their hopes of chasing down the target.
The middle-order collapsed dramatically as Pakistan found themselves at 103/5 from 102/2 in the space of just 9 deliveries. Shahid Afridi's run-a-ball 22 was the sole support that the skipper received from the other end.
Shami struck an early blow by picking up the wicket of Younis Khan
Eventually, Misbah's lone battle came to a halt in the 46th over when they surrendered to Ajinkya Rahane at midwicket.
With the skipper's wicket, Pakistan's resistance came to an end. Mohit Sharma completed the formalities in the next over, bringing a decisive end to Pakistan's ordeals. Although it was the bowlers who kept their nerves and went on to secure the win, Virat Kohli was adjudged the man of the match for their calm century.
Extra Cover: SK Flashback: When MS Dhoni deposited Clint McKay into the stands to stun Australia
India, winning the match by 76 runs, continued to dominate over Pakistan in ICC tournaments. The head-to-head number now read 6-0 in World Cups and 9-0 in ICC tournaments in favour of India.
It's August, meaning it's football time, and it's difficult for NBA items to cut through the news cycle. But because we love Stephen Curry here at The Big Lead, a mention of this nonsense seems necessary:
Dahntay Jones, a 36-year old designated goon for the Cavs, was asked about the 2nd best point guard in NBA history, and Jones said the Curry wasn't a top 10 player in the NBA.
Via a podcast with Barstool Sports:
“People get mad at me, because I don't declare them a top-10 player in the NBA, which is fine,” Jones replied. “I've got them on the outside – like 11, 12.”
It's difficult for me to even feign outrage over this because it's so insanely dumb. Two titles. Two MVPs. Basically every three-point NBA record in addition to being the driving force of the league's obsession with the 3-pointer.
Pro Test 180 This amount of work will benefit you gain some extra strength formula. If you're already actually fit that works by helping cover their weights increases in size may not come on like someone just starting but isometrics are great supplemental exercises to using weights. It leaves hair infused with moisturization. I recommend letting it sit in damp hair for up to 30 min. It comes to $9.99 for finding a 6 ounce jug. That i get around 2 treatments with one jug.
Visit it! to get more information >>>>>> https://guidemesupplements.com/pro-test-180/
Before you light fireworks consider...
LAS CRUCES, New Mexico - While millions across America celebrate Independence Day, the sound of fireworks could potentially trigger painful memories for the veterans who risked their lives to defend it.
"Your hair stands back up on the back of your neck and you kind of flash back quickly to Iraq or Afghanistan," said retired Command Sgt. Maj. Kent Maddox, who now lives in Las Cruces.
Maddox told ABC-7 their family has moved 15 times in their 30 years of service defending the country. During their three decades in the army, Maddox has had tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.
"I've been around IED explosions, incoming rocket fire, incoming artillery fire," Maddox said. "Really, just a lot of fear of the unknown."
Maddox was diagnosed with combat-related anxiety disorder this year. They told ABC-7 they might have an initial reaction to a loud firework, but he's quickly able to get their bearings and return to reality.
"It doesn't linger for me very long," Maddox said. "I'm very blessed to not struggle with it like I know a lot of other veterans do."
For Maddox, it becomes more difficult the louder and the closer the fireworks are to their home. They said the frequency of the noises can be alarming to some veterans.
"When kids will light all the fireworks and they all go off simultaneously, that can sound like gunfire to some folks," Maddox said.
The veteran acknowledged Las Cruces as a "phenomenally awesome and supportive community for veterans." They encouraged anyone in the Borderland to strike up a conversation with a neighbor who has spent time overseas.
"If you're friendly with your neighbors, go talk to them and ask, 'Is it okay if we do a little bit of fireworks across the street?'" Maddox suggested. 'It's just being part of the community and part of the neighborhood, understanding the people you have there. I think the veterans would appreciate that."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Trump administration is reportedly set to name US Navy Adm. Harry Harris as ambassador to South Korea.
Harris was already nominated to be ambassador to Australia.
Mike Pompeo, currently the nominee for secretary of state, is reportedly behind the move.
The Trump administration is planning to fill the long-vacant US ambassador position in South Korea with US Navy Adm. Harry Harris, who was originally set to take over as ambassador to Australia, according to multiple reports.
A senior White House official told Washington Post columnist Josh Rogin that the administration wanted to renominate Harris, the outgoing Pacific Command chief, for the South Korea job.
Harris had already been approved by the Australian government, but the White House late on Monday asked the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to postpone Harris' confirmation hearing, which was supposed to take place on Tuesday morning. Harris' successor at PACOM, Adm. Phil Davidson, was confirmed for that role by the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday morning.
Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo is reportedly behind the switch. The White House official told Rogin that Harris has confirmed to Pompeo they are willing to take on the ambassador role in Seoul. An official familiar with the matter told CBS News the move was likely to happen, though President Donald Trump has yet to give the go-ahead.
play US Pacific Command chief Navy Adm. Harry B. Harris, with Fan Changlong, vice-chairperson of China's Central Military Commission, in Beijing, November 3, 2015. (REUTERS/Andy Wong/Pool)
The impetus for the change appears to be the need to fill a critical diplomatic role, especially ahead of potential talks between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in are set to meet on Friday.
Kim has already met with Pompeo, in their role as CIA director.
Charge d'Affaires Mark Knapper has been leading the US Embassy in South Korea, but Trump has faced criticism for not filling the ambassador position there.
Victor Cha, a highly respected academic and an official in the George W. Bush administration, was under consideration for the role last year, but the White House scrapped their candidacy in December, reportedly over theirs privately expressed disagreements with Trump's policy on North Korea.
Harris, who is well respected by members of both parties, is planning to retire this year after four decades in the Navy. Their potential confirmation as South Korea ambassador will still take time, however, in part because of the need for more vetting. While they have a background and interest in US-Australian affairs, they have less experience with North Korea and South Korea, despite numerous visits to the latter as part of their PACOM duties.
While Pompeo is reportedly pushing for the change, they themselves still needs Senate confirmation to take over at Foggy Bottom. Their approval by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which appeared in doubt, came through on Monday evening, and a vote by the full Senate could come before Friday.
The reshuffle could also have an impact outside of the US and South Korea. Redirecting Harris to Seoul may hurt feelings in Canberra, and in China, where state media has attacked them for years, may bristle at their new post.
Staff Reporter
Muttahida Qaumi Movement Pakistan Chief Farooq Sattar said on Wednesday if their party's reservations were not settled then they will
boycott upcoming elections.
They were talking to media in Karachi, Farooq Sattar said that the victory for a voter is that they receive a symbol and all MQM supporters have the election symbol of the kite.
They said that the people want Rabita Committee to hold a rally but the other group was not interested in elections.
MQM's mandate is being given to others, they said, adding, “We are not being minus, we have been misused.”
They said that the upcoming elections cannot ensure stability and whatever bad things happened to them have been in front of everyone.
They said that their party will continue the demand for a separate province and there should not be two but 100 administrative units.
They said that the MQM's every leader is wishful for a separate province and everyone wants to fight for their rights.
Sattar lamented that census wasn't carried out in the right manner and their party faced discrimination even before the elections.
The service plaza on Interstate 90 in Westborough will be without fuel for about four weeks as new fuel tanks are installed, MassDOT said.
"As a result of fuel tank removal and new tank installations, motorists will be unable to refuel with gasoline or diesel at this location for approximately four weeks," MassDOT announced Friday.
The next place to fuel up on I-90 westbound is about 8 miles away, MassDOT said.
Signs are in place to notify drivers.
Though there will be no fuel, food and restroom services will still be available, according to MassDOT.
A full list of service plazas is online here.
2:18 Bucking horse dies after running into wall at Fort Worth rodeo Pause
1:20 "This one's kinda hard not to love:" Rocco, the Grand Champion Steer
0:26 Storms drop heavy rains on Tarrant County
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from them
2:49 Harris not sure he'll be back with Mavs
1:58 Rangers closer Sam Dyson talks after latest blown save
3:17 Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday's loss
0:31 Arlington Police's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 13
MOSCOW: England became the last team to qualify for the World Cup quarter-finals after a dramatic penalty shootout as favourites Brazil and fancied France trained their sights on their last-eight opponents.
England's victory against Colombia takes Gareth Southgate's team into what looks like a winnable match against Sweden, who edged out Switzerland 1-0 earlier on Tuesday.
Both teams are in the bottom half of the draw in Russia, along with the host nation and Croatia, with England the only former winners of the four teams.
The top half contains more heavyweights, with 1998 champions France taking on two-time winners Uruguay and Brazil set to face Belgium.
On a dramatic night in Moscow's Spartak Stadium, England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford made a key save from Carlos Bacca before Eric Dier's spot-kick gave England their first-ever win on penalties at a World Cup at the fourth attempt — ending the jinx that has dogged them for so long.
The Sun tabloid coined theirs save the “Hand of Jord”, harking back to Diego Maradona's “Hand of God” incident in 1986, when the Argentine used their hand to put the ball into the net against England.
“It's the headline we have waited a lifetime to write… England wins on penalties (Yes really!),” the paper said.
Southgate said they were already looking forward to Saturday's quarter-final against Sweden in Samara, with a last-four clash against either Croatia or Russia up for grabs.
“This was special but I want us to go on,” said Southgate, whose own penalty miss saw England lose to Germany in the semi-finals of Euro 96 at Wembley.
“Sweden is another team we have a poor record against. We have underestimated them for years. They have created their own story and made history. I don't want to go home yet.”
Janne Andersson's Sweden have recovered well from a heartbreaking group-stage defeat by Germany, seeing off Mexico before edging out Switzerland 1-0 in the last 16.
RB Leipzig midfielder Emil Forsberg grabbed the only goal of a tight encounter midway through the second half to send their country into the quarters for the first time since the 1994 side who finished third in the United States.—AFP
New details surrounding Chevrolet's worst-kept secret, the next-generation mid-engine Corvette, should be more than enough to perk up enthusiasts' ears.
The rather detailed information comes from a Car and Driver report, which pegs three engines for the sports car turned supercar. At launch, the C8 Corvette will receive an upgraded version of the current 6.2-liter LT1 V-8 found in the current Corvette Stingray. However, horsepower will allegedly increase from 460 to 500 to make up for some added weight.
Moving right along, we arrive at the juicier details. Chevrolet will reportedly stick a 5.5-liter DOHC flat-plane crank V-8 engine under the hood, and it will produce at least 600 hp. Expect a redline much higher than in past Corvettes. Soon thereafter, C/D reported, the same 5.5-liter V-8 engine will receive two turbos to send horsepower to about 800. We previously were treated to CAD images showing a twin-turbo V-8 engine for the mid-engine Corvette. Now, it seems quite likely we were staring at the 5.5-liter V-8 referenced in the latest report.
CAD images of the mid-engine Chevrolet Corvette - Image via Michael Accardi Enlarge Photo
Not enough? No problem for Chevrolet and General Motors engineers. Sitting atop the engine hierarchy will be a 1,000 hp all-wheel-drive hybrid setup, according to C/D. The basis of the powertrain will remain the 5.5-liter twin-turbo V-8 engine, but a 200-hp electric motor will power the front wheels, while the internal-combustion engine will send power to the rear. That's where the 1,000 hp figures comes into play.
2020 Chevrolet Corvette (C8) spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Despite all of the spectacular engineering work, the report claims Chevrolet will keep the mid-engine Corvette an everyman's sports car with supercar levels of performance. Thus, the C8 Corvette will likely be largely made of aluminum with various components made from magnesium and carbon fiber. Fiberglass will make up most of the body panels and total weight should come in around 3,500 pounds.
That all sounds like great news, but it appears there is bad news for the #giveashift crowd. According to C&D's intelligence, no manual transmission is planned. Instead, a new Tremec 8-speed dual-clutch will be the only transmission.
Before wrapping up the load of enlightening details, C&D also noted that we will likely see more of the car in the spring of 2019.
WALTHAM -- Boston Celtics guard Terry Rozier grinned when asked about teammate Marcus Smart's potential return for a Game 5 showdown between the Celtics and Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday.
According to Celtics coach Brad Stevens, speaking to reporters prior to the Celtics' shoot around on Tuesday, Smart was cleared on Monday for a return to action in Game 5 if they feel up to it -- a determination the Celtics will make prior to the game.
But it's Marcus Smart. If he's cleared, it's difficult to imagine a scenario in which they miss the game.
Rozier has a hard time imagining it too.
"You're always trying to get that out of me," Rozier said, their enormous smile going nowhere. "I think he's playing. You didn't hear it from me."
Smart's return could have a huge impact on the series. Per the NBA's stat site, the Celtics -- who finished the regular season with the league's best defense -- have had the second-worst defensive rating of any team in the playoffs. A four-game sample size is too small to draw conclusions from, but the Celtics have clearly missed Smart's defensive prowess guarding Khris Middleton in particular.
"I love when we play," Rozier said. "He brings that toughness, they bring that edge, they have everybody on the same level wanting to play just how they play, so that's always helpful, and I'm excited if he's playing tonight."
Al Horford said Smart's return will have a big impact.
"It helps a lot," Horford said. "He's a huge part of our team. And obviously we've been able to deal without him, but having them back just makes us that much more versatile. They can guard multiple positions, they know the positions. So there's no question about it that they help us a lot."
Horford added that watching the last few games has been difficult for Smart.
"It's been very tough for him," Horford said. "He's been great with our group though, always giving us their input, there supporting. And he's staying in my ear about things that I need to do on the floor, ways I can get open and things like that. They just sees the game so much clearer. It's always nice to have them around."
It doesn't matter if you are local and are looking to rent studio space or are planning on visiting and seeing shows, the Twin Cities have a lot to offer to ceramic artists.
Galleries and Museums
1 Northern Clay Center
2424 Franklin Ave East, Minneapolis, MN 55406
www.northernclaycenter.org
• Gallery and salesroom of contemporary and professional ceramics. Year-round community classes and events, artist demonstrations, workshops, and public outreach. Re-granting organization for fellowships and grants for local, national, and international ceramic artists.
• MN NICE (Minnesota New Institute for Ceramic Education)
Advanced certificate program providing personalized instruction for artists who are serious about taking the next step in their ceramic education.
2 Minneapolis Institute of Art
2400 Third Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55404
www.new.artsmia.org
• Collection of 20th-century fine craft on permanent display, including West Coast Abstract Expressionist ceramics. Extensive collection of historical Chinese, Korean, and Japanese ceramics on permanent display.
3 Weisman Art Museum
University of Minnesota Campus, East Bank
333 E River Pkwy, Minneapolis, MN 55455
www.weisman.umn.edu
• Collection of 20th-century ceramics from both national and local artists, extensive collection of Mimbres pottery.
4 Stillwater, MN/Hudson, WI
• Tourist destination about 45 minutes east of the Twin Cities metro area. These two quaint towns on the St. Croix River located directly across from each other, connected by a historic lift-bridge, are known for their galleries featuring handmade craft objects.
5 Phipps Center for the Arts
109 Locust St., Hudson, WI 54016
www.thephipps.org
• Frequently has exhibitions and events featuring local and statewide ceramic artists.
6 Minnetonka Center for the Arts
2240 North Shore Dr., Wayzata, MN 55391
www.minnetonkaarts.org
• Offers year-round ceramic classes from beginning to advanced levels. Well-equipped ceramic studio with cone-10 reduction and atmospheric firings available. Large gallery space with several exhibitions yearly, sales gallery featuring ceramics.
7 Clay Squared to Infinity
34 13th Avenue NE, Suite 109, Minneapolis, MN 55413
www.claysquared.com
• Handmade tile by local and national contemporary tile artists.
8 Gallery 360
3011 West 50th St., Minneapolis, MN 55410
www.gallery360mpls.com
9 Grand Hand Gallery
St. Paul, 619 Grand Avenue, St. Paul, MN 55102
www.thegrandhand.com
Ceramic Arts Neighborhoods
There are two Arts Districts in the Twin Cities. Here you can find ceramic artists and potters mixed in with painters, photographers, and sculptors. Below are buildings listed where you're sure to find ceramic studios and galleries, as well as a list of each neighborhood's annual events.
1 Northeast Minneapolis Arts District managed by Northeast Minneapolis Art Associate, www.nemaa.org
Northrup King Building, Arts District First Thursdays, Fall Fine Arts Show, Art a Whirl
2 Lower Town Arts District, St. Paul managed by St. Paul Art Collective, www.stpaulartcollective.org
Schmidt Artist Loft, St. Paul Art Crawl (Fall and Spring), Lowertown First Fridays
Artist Funding
There are four sources for support for artists (including ceramic artists) in the region. Some of these are state-wide as well. Annual grants, informational seminars and webinars, and professional services are offered (public/non-profit).
• Minnesota State Arts Board, www.arts.state.mn.us
• Metropolitan Regional Arts Council, www.mrac.org
• Jerome Foundation, www.jeromefdn.org
• McKnight Foundation, www.mcknight.org
Post-Secondary Ceramics Programs
1 University of Minnesota, Twin Cities
MFA program for ceramics and sculpture. BFA ceramics courses from beginning to advanced taught by Tom Lane, Tetsuya Yamada, and 8 ceramic lecturers.
2 St. Olaf College
BA in studio art, classes in ceramics. Home to the Ron Gallas Cup Library. Ceramics classes taught by Paul Briggs and Kate Fisher.
3 Carleton College
Undergraduate majors in studio art. Courses in ceramics taught by Kelly Connole, Juliane Shibata, and Mike Helke.
4 University of Wisconsin-River Falls
BFA program in studio art/ceramics. Courses from beginning to advanced. The program is led by Rhonda Willers.
Organizational Resources
• The American Craft Council, St. Paul
https://craftcouncil.org
Offers education resources, conferences, public lectures, student programing, and national awards.
• Springboard for the Arts, www.springboardforthearts.org
Offers career planning and informational services for art organizations.
• Minnesota Artists, www.mnartists.org
Website for artists looking for local, statewide, national, and international opportunities.
Area Clay and Raw Materials Suppliers
1 Minnesota Clay Co.
2960 Niagara Ln N., Plymouth, MN 55447
www.mnclay.org
2 Continental Clay
1101 Stinson Blvd NE, Minneapolis, MN 55413
www.continentalclay.com
Special Events and Exhibitions
• American Craft Show, St. Paul organized by the American Craft Council
A juried, fine-craft exhibition that features over 225 artists.
• Uptown Art Fair
Art sale and festivities that attract over 400,000 visitors annually.
• Stone Arch Bridge Festival
Minneapolis riverfront arts festival that takes place over Father's Day weekend.
• Edina Art Fair
Art fair featuring over 280 artists from the US and Canada.
Pottery Tours
• St. Croix Valley Pottery Tour (45 minutes north of Twin Cities)
www.minnesotapotters.com
Now in its 25th year, an annual pottery tour with 7 hosts on the tour and close to 50 participating potters.
• Cannon River Clay Tour, Northfield MN (45 minutes south of Twin Cities)
New pottery tour hosted by 10 artists from the Cannon Clay community.
the author Nicolas Darcourt is currently a Visiting Assistant Professor in the Art and Art History Department at Gustavus Adolphus College and is living and making ceramic work in the southwest metro area of the Twin Cities, Minnesota. Learn more at https://nicolasdarcourt.com.
Drake had a typically busy weekend — they played two sold-out arena dates, won two Grammy Awards, and might have been caught up in a suicide bid.
A newspaper in England reports that Toronto's own rap superstar offered to help talk down a man who was standing on a Manchester overpass early Saturday in what's been described as a suicide attempt.
The Manchester Evening News reported that Drake's tour bus was caught before 6 a.m. in a traffic jam caused by road closures as police tried to talk to the man standing on the Mancunian Way “on the wrong side of the barriers.”
Insp. Phil Spurgeon told the newspaper: “One officer was approached by a male from a tour van caught up in the traffic congestion, claiming to be part of Drake's entourage.
“He offered for Drake to speak to the male on the bridge, if that would help. The offer was declined with thanks.”
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
The pushrod engine is a rather archaic piece of engineering, but automakers have stuck by it to this day. Notably, Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles and General Motors still shove pushrod V-8 engines under the hoods of hundreds of thousands of vehicles.
Why has the pushrod engine failed to die, especially when compared to dual-overhead camshaft setups? Jason Fenske of Engineering Explained is here to provide five reasons why the pushrod engine has stuck around.
It starts with low-end torque. Although pushrod engines typically don't boast sky-high redlines, they do produce oodles of low-end torque. That's because pushrod engines typically use two valves per cylinder, which improves air velocity. At low rpm, when the airflow is more restricted, having only two valves for air to flow through speeds up the flow of the intake air. Higher air velocity leads to better combustion and, ultimately, more torque. Transversely, that airflow becomes restricted at higher rpm because two valves per cylinder doesn't allow enough air to flow.
Secondly, pushrod engines are downright simple. Without complex construction, like DOHC engines, automakers can shelve engineering headaches. As Jason says, sometimes the simplest designs are the most reliable, and if a solution can be achieved with a simpler design, it makes greater sense. Digging deeper into a 3D-printed model, Jason puts simplicity on display. A pushrod engine features a single camshaft close to the crankshaft. Thus, a belt, gear, or chain doesn't have to travel very far to rotate the camshaft. A DOHC V-8 has four camshafts, four drive gears, and two chains, among other components.
Jason combines the next two reasons into one section: size and weight. Again, the 3D-printed model shows how a pushrod engine is much more compact than a DOHC engine. A single camshaft in the center of the V-8 engine makes for small cylinder heads, which means the engine doesn't have to be very wide or tall, and it is often lighter than a DOHC engine. That helps when packaging the engine under the hood of a vehicle. It can also lead to suspension improvements and an improved center of gravity. By comparison, the DOHC is wider and taller and often heavier because those two cams sit atop each cylinder head and require larger heads.
Last but not least, the final reason is cost. Jason quotes a Car and Driver interview from 2004 with GM's chief engineer for small-block engines, who said the pushrod V-8 engine design was roughly $400 less expensive to build than a DOHC engine at the time. While $400 isn't a ton of money for an automaker flush with cash, that figure has certainly grown in the last 14 years. When you multiply that figure or an updated figure by hundreds of thousands of cars, trucks, and SUVs, the cost advantage quickly becomes clear.
The pushrod engine may be behind the times in terms of technology, but there are at least five good reasons why it continues to exist.
Rochester Police are searching for multiple suspects, they said, who were involved in an early morning burglary.
According to RPD, the burglary took place on the 2100 block of Elton Hills Drive NW at 2 a.m. Monday. Inside the place, was a 29-year-old woman and 31-year-old male. They told police they were sleeping in the basement when they woke up from noises coming from upstairs.
When the man went to investigate, they found multiple burglars going through the place. One of the burglars had a gun and told the victim to get on the ground. The victim followed the orders and the burglar ran out the back door. The victims told police they saw four more male suspects run out the front door and head east on Elton Hills Drive.
The burglars were able to steal video games, a cell phone, tablets and cash.
The suspect with the gun is described as an African American male who was wearing a black hoodie and a mask.
Another suspect is described as a white male who was wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans and a mask.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
New ‘Top Gear' hosts Chris Harris, Matt LeBlanc and Rory Reid Enlarge Photo
Is there any hope for a “Top Gear” revival now that the show's former hosts are causing up a storm on Amazon's “The Grand Tour” rival? With Chris Evans out and Chris Harris in, we say there's a good chance.
And the first trailer out for the new season with Harris, who will star alongside the returning Matt LeBlanc, looks promising. The short clip also features Rory Reid who, along with Harris, has been promoted from the “Extra Gear” spinoff to the main show.
Harris and Reid will be busy boys as they'll continue to appear in new episodes of “Extra Gear” as well. And don't worry, ‘Ring queen Sabine Schmitz will still make regular appearances, as will Eddie Jordan and the Stig.
The first episode of the new season, number 24 for the show's current format, is confirmed to air in the United Kingdom on March 5. We'll get them on BBC America starting March 13.
There aren't many details on what's in store but the teaser clip above gives us a sense of the chemistry between the new hosts. There doesn't appear to be the same magic as there was with former hosts Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May, though perhaps that will change as the seasons roll on.
As for “The Grand Tour,” the first season has just wrapped up. Season two will soon start filming and should be released towards the end of the year.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Antwain Johnson had 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting and Nick King had their seventh double-double of the season to help Middle Tennessee hold off Charlotte for a 78-73 win on Saturday night.
King, a graduate transfer from Alabama, finished with 24 points and 12 rebounds and Johnson added three steals. Tyrik Dixon added 10 points, including a late 3-pointer, on 4-of-5 shooting for Middle Tennessee (18-5, 10-1 Conference USA). The Blue Raiders have won five in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Johnson hit a jumper to give Middle Tennessee a 12-point lead with six minutes to play, Jon Davis scored 10 points during a 14-5 run that trimmed Charlotte's deficit to 73-70 with 1:32 remaining. Dixon answered with a 3 and, after Najee Garvin converted a 3-point play with 49 seconds left, King capped the scoring with two free throws.
Davis had 20 points and Garvin scored 17 for Charlotte (5-16, 1-9).
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has reached settlements in the past week with two companies over alleged violations in Maryland of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The first settlement is with Plastipak Packaging, Inc, a plastics manufacturing company which will pay $90,000 to settle allegations that it retaliated against a ...
Ex-wife says had no say in marriage or divorce with Imran as someone else's [Maneka's] opinion carried more weight
The alleged third marriage of Imran Khan with Bushra Maneka has also been confirmed by former wife of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan, Reham Khan, as they claimed that “her sources had confirmed that Imran had remarried”.
Reham, who had remained silent during the month-long controversy of Imran's alleged third marriage, broke their silence on Saturday while speaking to a foreign news outlet.
Also a civil rights activist, they said that there is a pattern in Imran Khan's marriages as even in case of their marriage, it was “kept hidden and lied about”.
“Even now, it is quite evident that the marriage has been solemnised but why is it being said that only the marriage proposal has been sent across.”
Reham also called out Imran Khan for keeping their marriage hidden for a certain period. They said: “I am not habitual of lying… [our] marriage was not disclosed for two months and eight days.”
They said that their marriage ceremony was performed on October 31, 2014. “There was an emphasis that our nikkah [marriage ceremony] rituals be performed on October 31, 2014, and the same date was chosen for the divorce in 2015,” they said, adding that they had no say in the marriage or divorce dates.
Commenting about their own marriage with Imran Khan and the role of a ‘third party' in their marital life, they said: “I had no say in the marriage or divorce [dates], maybe someone else's opinion carried weight.”
Reham's indication towards a third party being involved in their [Imran-Reham] marital life was also reported by some media outlets' reports during the period of controversy surrounding Imran Khan's alleged third marriage. According to media reports at that time, Bushra Maneka was the reason behind the divorce of Imran Khan and Reham Khan.
Moreover, Reham questioned the acquittal of Imran Khan by the Supreme Court in the disqualification case, saying, “I don't know what criteria did the Supreme Court used to give so much concession to him.”
“The Supreme Court in Pakistan has given them the label of Sadiq (honest) and Ameen (truthful),” they said while speaking to an Indian news channel.
Echoing the sentiments of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N), they said: “A few recent decisions of our judiciary seem to give a lot of concession in some cases and none whatsoever in others.”
They also threatened to spill the beans out regarding certain other things, saying that they will have to break their silence over certain things in their knowledge.
“There were many matters that were and are in my knowledge and I have remained silent about them but now that everything is out in the public and everyone is talking about it, I feel like I will soon have to break my silence about them.”
Amanda King
Communications Director
Gift Completes Funding for Whitewater and Kayak Features in Poudre River Downtown Park
Fort Collins, CO – Jack and Ginger Graham have donated $1 million dollars to benefit the Poudre River Downtown Park.
The Graham's philanthropic gift completes funding for the whitewater and kayak features – commonly referred to as “Reach 3” – of the Poudre River Downtown Park Master Plan. The Master Plan was approved by City Council in 2014. The Plan brings together three distinct river environs: natural areas, storm water management, and parks and recreation. It includes a whitewater and kayak park, trails, put-in and take-out points for kayakers and tubers, a children's park, and a pedestrian and bike bridge to connect the north and south sides of the River to create new opportunities for local businesses in and north of downtown.
The Grahams are the owners and co-founders of Ginger and Baker; Jack Graham was a Athletic Director at Colorado State University and the visionary behind the construction of the just-completed on-campus stadium.
“The Poudre River Whitewater Park demonstrates that conservation and preservation can successfully intersect with development and community recreation,” said Darin Atteberry, City Manager, City of Fort Collins. “A park along the Poudre River has been discussed for over 25 years, and will now become a reality thanks, in part, to the generosity of the Grahams.”
“The Poudre River holds a very special place in our City's history. It has been in need of some TLC for decades and the environmental repairs and restoration of the River, coupled with the recreational features the Plan includes, will bring needed energy and economic development to the River District and Downtown Fort Collins. The Poudre River Park is going to be another great place for our community to come together,” said Jack Graham. “We were motivated to give now so that the work would begin in 2018. We hope other community members will contribute so that the entire project is completed and available for everyone to enjoy.”
“Reach 3 is the culmination of years of community passion and dedicated visionaries, and includes something for everyone,” said Ray Caraway, President and CEO, Community Foundation of Northern Colorado. “The Graham's extraordinarily generous gift ushers in an exciting future for the Poudre River as a centerpiece for our community.”
“The collective dedication of our residents is awe-inspiring.” said Atteberry. “The voters supported this project as part of the Community Capital Improvement Program (CCIP), and the Graham's stepped up with a full and bold commitment to expand the river's use to families, naturalists and our community.”
Construction is scheduled to begin in August 2018.
The Canadian Cancer Society says last year's merger with the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation has paid healthy dividends, taking the charity from running a substantial deficit to a solid surplus. The charity was carrying a $24.8-million shortfall on its books prior to the Feb. 1, 2017 merger.
Thousands of Canadians participate in the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation CIBC Run for the Cure across the country. It brought in about $17 million last year. ( SARJOUN FAOUR / Sarjoun Faour )
But the revamped organization, which operates under the Canadian Cancer Society banner, has posted a nearly $8-million surplus as of Jan. 31 for the year after it joined forces with the Breast Cancer Foundation. “That is really the result of a tremendous amount of efficiencies and savings that we've done through a series of tactics throughout the year, primarily in the area of operating and fundraising costs,” said president and CEO Lynne Hudson, who previously held that title with the foundation. To attain those savings, the amalgamated charity moved to a consolidated business model, creating a national board of directors with representatives from each province and centralizing operations like IT, human resources, communications and marketing at head office, instead of having those functions organized separately in multiple regional offices, as was the case premerger.
Article Continued Below
The CCS also targeted redundancies in the combined entity, cutting a quarter of staff — going from about 1,060 to just under 800 — and closing 27 offices. The reduction has left it with 65 offices across all 10 provinces. “We did not want to lose that pan-Canadian grassroots and community presence,” Hudson said of the organization's commitment to provide services and programs in all parts of the country. “We feel that passionately, as cancer patients are coming to us and looking to us for support. It's where our volunteers work and operate.” Sara Oates, executive vice-president of finance and operations, said the charity had to take a hard look at itself in order to turn around its financial picture.
“We really pushed ourselves to look at the organization differently and really re-examine every type of costs,” they said. Like many others in the philanthropy sector, the CCS found itself contending with dwindling revenues as a result of falling donations — a phenomenon dubbed “donor fatigue” that arose in part from the proliferation of health charities competing for benefactors' dollars.
Article Continued Below
“Last year, obviously, we weren't living within our means,” conceded Oates. “We were running a deficit ... We were spending 112 per cent of what we raised last year, and it's really not sustainable.” Still, a year after the merger, the CCS was able to bump up the percentage of how much it designated for “mission costs.” The proportion allocated to funding for research, services and programs for cancer patients and their families and advocacy efforts rose to 58 per cent — up three percentage points from the previous year. “The 58 per cent represents a total of $103 million,” said Oates, with 47 per cent of that money going to research and 50 per cent to programs and services. “And that's an increase we're really, really proud of.” Over the years, the society has faced criticism that its administration and fundraising costs were disproportionately bloated, sapping the amount it could earmark for cancer research — among the prime reasons Canadians donate to the 80-year-old charity. Hudson said the organization has cut the proportion it spends on those costs by 10 percentage points, to about 36 per cent of donations. “That is a substantive change and was part of what very much drove our cost-cutting efforts this year,” they said. Fundraising alone takes a huge bite from CCS coffers: In 2016-17, 41 per cent of revenues went to campaigns and events aimed at securing donations, from small amounts given by individuals during the April daffodil drive and Relay for Life pledges to more significant gifts tapped from large corporate benefactors. Last year, the joint CCS-CBCF whittled those costs down to a third of its spending budget. “I think that for any organization to make a movement of 41 per cent to 33 per cent in the space of one year is unprecedented, quite frankly,” said Oates. “And I think that kind of movement puts us not just in line with others that are comparable in the health-care sector, but really moves us ahead of the pack.” Kate Bahen, managing director of Charity Intelligence Canada, agreed, saying they are “thrilled” to see the turnaround in the Cancer Society's fortunes. “From a donor's point of view, these are phenomenal results,” said Bahen, whose organization provides in-depth analyses and ratings of more than 700 Canadian charities on its website. “Two years ago, for every dollar you donated, 50 cents went to the cause ... (Now) every dollar you donate, 61 cents goes to the cause,” they said after crunching the numbers in the CCS's Jan. 31 financial statement. “That's a tremendous improvement in a very short period of time.” There's no doubt taking the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation into the CCS fold paid off: The CBCF contributed about $28 million in fund balances with the merger, while the CIBC-sponsored Run for the Cure — an event started by the foundation — brought in about $17 million last year. Hudson said marrying the two charities, which were “quite different” both organizationally and culturally, created a synergy by capitalizing on each of their strengths. The Breast Cancer Foundation had a big-city presence, while the Cancer Society had community-based operations Canada-wide; CBCF employees were more familiar with corporate approaches to fundraising and centralized operations, while the CCS was more grassroots, they said. “Both could learn and leverage the best of both worlds.” Bahen said the CCS is unique among the many cancer charities in Canada because not only does it fund research, but it also “helps people who have cancer.” Though previously given an “average” rating by Charity Intelligence because it was considered “massively inefficient” with costs “in the red zone,” seeing this leaner Canadian Cancer Society should change the story for prospective donors, they said. “I think it's going to go up in our ratings now.”
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Jammu and Kashmir Anjuman-e-Shari Shian, the Jammu and Kashmir Ittehad-ul-Muslimeen and Peerwan-e-Wilayat Jammu and Kashmir has expressed profound grief and sorrow over the sad demise of prominent Shia cleric of the territory, Agha Syed Maqsood Rizvi, who passed away after brief illness in Iran on Wednesday.
The Chairman of Anjuman-e-Shari Shian, Agha Syed Hassan Al-Moosvi Al-Safvi, the Chairman of Jammu and Kashmir Ittehad-ul-Muslimeen, Maulana Abbas Ansari and Peerwan-e-Wilayat Patron-in-Chief, Maulana Sabt Mohammad Shabbir Qumi, President, Maulana Shabbir Ahmad Sofi and General Secretary, Agha Syed Yasub in their statements praised the religious services of the deceased and expressed solidarity with the bereaved family.
Meanwhile, the ulema and members of Jamia Imam Raza, Srinagar, in their statements condoled the sad demise of Agha Syed Maqsood Rizvi and prayed for their rest in eternal peace.—KMS
Nations are not built by governments alone, but also by citizens, President Ram Nath Kovind had said after taking office. Photo: Reuters
Nation-building is usually identified with the achievements or failures of individual leaders. However, the two other building blocks of a successful nation state get far less attention than they deserve—the commitment of its citizens as well as the quality of its institutions.
President Ram Nath Kovind alluded to this undervalued truth in their speech soon after moving into Rashtrapati Bhavan in July: “Nations are not built by governments alone. The government can at best be a facilitator, and a trigger for society's innate entrepreneurial and creative instincts… Each citizen of India is a nation-builder.”
So let us then remember the extraordinary people who have helped build India in the seven decades since we broke free of the shackles of colonialism.
There are the scientists who worked on the critical space, atomic energy and missile programmes. There are the agronomists who helped launch the Green Revolution in India. There are the engineers who built large national projects. There are the civil society activists who have been our moral compass. There are the educationists who built new centres of learning. There are the soldiers who have defended our borders. There are the entrepreneurs who have built enterprises that created millions of jobs. There are the civil servants who maintained the iron frame—and pushed for policy reform. There are the judges who have protected our constitutional freedoms. There are the artists who have sought to create a vibrant national culture.
The road over the past seven decades has not always been a smooth one. There were the inevitable rough patches—the economic, social and intellectual failures. However, there is no doubt that India has come a long way since 15 August 1947. The credit for that needs to be more widely distributed.
A country that is obsessed with political agitators should pay more heed to the karmayogis who have helped make India what it is today. For example, think of where we would have been as a free nation without the likes of Homi J. Bhabha, Vikram Sarabhai, H.R. Khanna, V. Kurien, Ela Bhatt, Nani Palkhivala, R.H. Patil, Kailash Satyarthi, Bhimsen Joshi, C.N.R. Rao and thousands of others like them. They are as many national heroes as the political leaders who have held positions of power.
However, even the most talented individuals need to work within an institutional framework that allows them to do their best—be it a laboratory, a bureaucracy, a business enterprise, a civil society group or a regulatory body.
It is said that a great institution is one that encourages even ordinary people to do extraordinary work. A successful democratic nation operates through institutions rather than by depending on a few individuals.
India has far better institutions than should be expected from its level of development. A lot of credit for this goes to the first governments led by Jawaharlal Nehru.
A lot changed after the 1970s. The institutional decay that has seeped in needs urgent attention from all those committed to the nation-building project. This is especially true of our public institutions, which have not kept pace with the rapid changes in the rest of society.
Lant Pritchett of Harvard University has famously described India as a “flailing state”—or a state which has a few sound elite institutions but has institutional failure elsewhere, and where the action of the state apparatus that deals directly with citizens (police officers, engineers, teachers, health workers) is abysmal. Many experts have also spoken about the lack of state capacity when compared to a country such as China.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has at times touched on the issue of institutional strength. In a speech they gave at the NITI Aayog nearly a year ago, they had quite rightly said: “There was a time when development was believed to depend on the quantity of capital and labour. Today, we know that it depends as much on the quality of institutions and ideas.”
India now has the unstable combination of a vibrant economy, social mobility and institutional decline. It now needs a new generation of quality institutions—and institution builders—to nurture the creativity of its people as well as protect their constitutional freedoms.
Who are some of the tallest institution builders India was fortunate to have in the last 70 years? Tell us at views@livemint.com
Mount Juliet Estate will be the title sponsor of ‘The Accumulator' international show jumping class for the 2017 Dublin Horse Show.
The €24,600 competition has seen previous winners such as Billy Twomey, McLain Ward, and 2016 winner, USA-based Cork rider Shane Sweetnam. This year the competition will take place on Saturday, August 12.
Michael Duffy, CEO of the RDS said: “We're delighted to have Mount Juliet Estate as sponsors of this great competition for the next three years. They have already shown their commitment to Irish equestrianism through the development of their superb facilities in Thomastown and this sponsorship confirms their intent. The RDS continues to operate the show on a not-for-profit basis in order to make it the best show possible for the sport horse industry, so sponsorship such as this is vital for the financial well-being of the event.
“The class itself is a very popular one, as it demonstrates the athleticism and focus of top-class international show jumpers in a really engaging and exciting competition.”
Mount Juliet Estate is a 500-acre country estate – one of Europe's finest – with a gorgeous Georgian house set at its heart, just outside medieval Kilkenny. Amongst a wealth of outdoor activities, the Estate's 400-year old equestrian tradition stands out. The recently refurbished Equestrian Centre has pasture, park and woodland nearby. The centre has two all-weather arenas, a full set of FEI approved show jumps and a 30-acre cross-country course, in addition to trails spread across the 500-acre estate.
Christine Murphy, General Manager of Mount Juliet Estate said: “At Mount Juliet Estate we are deeply proud of our equestrian history, with references to the great champion horses born and bred on the Estate to be found everywhere throughout the hotel.
That equestrian tradition continues today, and our excellent facilities and exceptional state of the art Equestrian Centre mean that horses are still synonymous with Mount Juliet Estate. Sponsoring The Accumulator at Dublin Horse Show for the next three years is a symbol of our ongoing appreciation for all aspects of Irish equestrianism. We are delighted to be part of the Dublin Horse Show, a classic Irish sporting, social and family event, and we are really looking forward to presenting the winner of The Accumulator sponsored by Mount Juliet Estate with their prize on Saturday August 12!”
2017 will be the Dublin Horse Show's 144th edition and it continues to be one of Ireland's largest sporting, social and family events. It first took place in 1864 to foster the equine industry in Ireland, with the first show being held on the lawns of Leinster House. The show remains true to this founding mission and during the five days of the Dublin Horse Show, August 9-13, over 1,500 horses and ponies compete in 132 competitions and classes with close to €1,000,000 in prize money.
Still, the victory was vindication of sorts for Gardiner, who was with Toronto five years ago when it blew a 4-1 third-period lead in dropping a 5-4 decision to Boston in the seventh game of that first-round series.
"In both scenarios we were down 3-1 and came back," Gardiner said. "Just have fun with it, the pressure is kind of off us.
"We're going to be going into that building, it's going to be rocking and we'll be ready to go."
In a one-game scenario, Babcock said the approach becomes a simple one.
"As the series goes on and as the playoffs go on, the games dummy down," they said. "What I mean by that it is just simplified.
"Simple plays and spend as much time in the offensive zone as you possibly can are what you want to do. Little things like winning faceoffs and taking care of the puck are so important. What we're going to ask of each guy is to do their individual part. Know your job and do it."
Toronto defenceman Morgan Rielly said the team that executes best will enhance its chances of advancing.
"I think that's what happens typically in these games," they said. "Both teams know one another pretty well, both teams have a pretty good idea of what the other team brings.
"It's just a matter of going out there and being motivated and being competitive and executing."
Babcock agreed, although Toronto should also be a confident bunch coming off the consecutive wins.
"In the National Hockey League any time it's not going your way you've got to dig your way back," Babcock said. "I think because we had a foundation of confidence and were a good team we were able to do that.
"Saying that, it's a brand-new slate, here you go. The puck's going to get dropped and who's going to execute early and get on top of the other team? I think that's one of the keys in Game 7 for me. I think our guys — I don't think, I know — are excited."
By Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press
On 3 February 2018, House Speaker Paul Ryan expressed the notion that a $1.50 per week pay increase demonstrates the Republicans' recent tax cut to be a success. The Speaker touted via Twitter — in response to an Associated Press report about the tax bill's “beginning to deliver bigger paychecks to workers” — a Pennsylvania secretary's comment that the extra $1.50 they gained a week as a result of GOP efforts would cover their annual Costco membership:
The Wisconsin Republican's tweet drew a good deal of criticism and mockery on Twitter:
I think Paul Ryan might not know how costco works. Like you still have to pay for the groceries too, not just the membership. https://t.co/AUW8wGqj40 — Ian Salyers (@IanSalyers) February 3, 2018
I actually thought this had to be a Paul Ryan parody account https://t.co/ncAK7HDpul — Ellen Stark (@ellenstark) February 3, 2018
I was pleasantly surprised to have an extra 75 cents on my paycheck per week so I can use that money to donate to Randy Bryce's campaign to absolutely demolish Paul Ryan. — Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 3, 2018
Remember, if you don't think benefits like an extra $1.50 a week and free Hostess snacks are good enough, you're the one who's out of touch. — Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 3, 2018
The tweet was then deleted from Ryan's Twitter timeline:
Paul Ryan doesn't want you to see this deleted tweet where they said that the GOP's trillion dollar plus giveaway to the rich is justified because a secretary got a buck fifty a week out of the deal. pic.twitter.com/7gtoyCB0wh — Ian Millhiser (@imillhiser) February 3, 2018
Many critics and analysts warned ahead of the tax bill's passing that it would primarily benefit wealthy Americans.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Five schools in the Bristol region have received hoax bomb threats which are being investigated by police.
It comes after hundreds of schools across the UK received the same threat, with some evacuating their pupils.
The threats, which police say they are treating as a hoax at this stage, came this morning as schools were re-opening after a night of snow.
Bristol Free School were placed on lock down and students searched. One pupil said: “We are in the middle of a lockdown. We haven't been told anything by the teachers or police, but they are searching our bags.
“All of the other year groups are affected. We were told there were a number of incidents in Bristol this morning.
“I spoke to my father who rang the police and my dad told me many schools across the country have received several threats.
“The police are currently searching our bags and persons for unknown items. We have been told not to leave the classrooms, and have been told very little.
“We are scared and confused and have no idea what is going on.”
A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset police said they were investigating the threats, which were made to schools in the force area.
They added: “We are being made aware of threats made to five schools today, March 19.
“These threats are being treated as hoaxes at this stage but we are thoroughly investigating each one.
“The police take hoaxes extremely seriously. They divert police resources and cause disruption and alarm to the public.
Exterior view of SsangYong Motor Company's Tivoli SUV. (SsangYong Motor Company)
SsangYong Motor announced Wednesday that the company posted its highest sales volume in 14 years last year, resulting in an operating profit of 28 billion won ($25 million) and net profit of 58.1 billion won.The company, which is the fourth-largest South Korea-based automobile manufacturer, sold a total of 155,844 units worldwide in 2016.“Last year, the company was able to recover its market share thanks to the Tivoli and escape from the loss-making situation by posting profits for the first time in nine years,” said CEO Choi of SsangYong Motor, in a press release.“This year, we will successfully launch the large-sized premium SUV, the Y400 and expand our product line-up to further increase our sales and continue the profitable trend,” they added.SsangYong also posted record-high fourth quarter sales, raking in more than 1 trillion won in revenue during the quarter alone -- the first time since the company's establishment.It was up 8 percent in terms of sales volume and 2.7 percent in revenue compared to the same period in 2015.The company's strong growth in sales was mostly driven by the Tivoli models, which grew by 34.7 percent year-on-year to 85,821 units, according to SsangYong Motor. The strong performance is also widely credited to global sales of the Tivoli surpassing 9,000 units in December.By Julie Jackson (juliejackson@heraldcorp.com)
If you're getting ready to trot down the Centerline, the following list of Stages of Panic is a great preparatory cheat sheet. did such a fun job earlier this spring with their article The 7 Stages of Panic When Your Trainer Raises the Fences on Eventing Nation. Here's a brazen knockoff of their idea from a dressage perspective.
1*. The “No Biggie” Stage.
At first arrival, things seem just peachy. The energy at the showground is a little higher than for a normal schooling day, but it's fairly quiet and seems like a smallish, easy show.
Rider's attitude at this point: Whatever. No biggie, you've got this.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Classic sitcom Only Fools and Horses might not be completely consigned to the repeats graveyard.
After helping to pen spin-off series The Green Green Grass a decade ago, creator John Sullivan's son Jim isn't finished yet.
Jim teased: “I've always said that Only Fools - the series as we know it - was laid to rest with my dad. However, that is not to say that the show and its characters cannot, and will not, be explored in different mediums.
“All I can say at the moment is: watch this space. Is it a question of protecting my father's legacy? Absolutely - that has always been, and always will be, my priority.”
John wrote the 2014 Fools and Horses Sports Relief special, staying true to the roots of the show their dad, who died in 2011, created. There are a number of other characters from the sitcom who could have spin off shows we reckon.
But it hasn't been easy for Jim following in the footsteps of their beloved father.
They admit: “I love to write, but much of that is now in connection with the series, such as the Del Boy autobiography They Who Dares.
“Writing the Sport Relief sketch was a great experience but I felt pressure to get it right and do justice to the characters.”
(Image: BBC)
You'd be a plonker not to take advantage of the doors being open as John realises, so he's keen to give film writing a go.
They added: “If the idea was right, I would love to try my hand at sitcom.
“But I'm also interested in film.
“Being my dad's son is a bit of a double-edged sword.
“It would be natural to compare (and that is one hell of an act to follow) but at the same time I have had opportunities that I probably wouldn't have had if my dad wasn't who they are.
“I could never dream of achieving what my dad did, and that's fine.
“I'd like to find my own way and do my best.”
We say give it a go Jim you know it makes sense. And if the sitcom is a hit...this time next year you'll be a millionaire!
To celebrate their 25th birthday the Gold channel are airing two new UKTV originals this month.
David Jason: My Life On Screen is on at 6pm on August 26 and The Story Of Only Fools And Horses follows at 8pm on August 29.
Right now you can save 40% on the Withings Wi-Fi connected scale, dropping the price down to just $78. This scale is a great way to easily track your weight loss or gains and help you stay on track to hit those 2017 goals you set for yourself. Normally priced at $130, you won't want to miss out on this $52 savings on the scale that can track your weight, BMI, body fat, muscle, bone mass and more.
If you are looking for a great way to track your progress and keep yourself motivated, be sure to pick one of these up now! Odds are it won't last long at this price, so be sure to act quick!
See at Amazon
South Korea's trade surplus extended its winning streak for the 64th month in a row in May as the country has been basking in brisk outbound shipments on an upturn in global demand, customs data showed Thursday.
The country's trade surplus came to $5.68 billion last month, down sharply from a surplus of $12.9 billion tallied a month earlier, according to the data from the Korea Customs Service.
(Yonhap)
Asia's fourth-largest economy has posted the consecutive monthly trade surplus since February 2012.It logged $6.34 billion in trade surplus with Southeast Asian countries in May, including a surplus with Vietnam worth $2.91 billion, while it recorded an excess of $2.59 billion in trade with China, its largest trading partner.Trade with the United States recorded a surplus of $864 million, more than halving from $1.78 billion tallied a year ago, amid the Seoul government's efforts to reduce its surplus with the world's largest economy.South Korea's trade surplus with the United States rose to $23.25 billion in 2016, doubling from $11.64 billion in 2011, a year before the Seoul-Washington free trade pact took effect.The data showed that South Korea's trade with Middle Eastern nations and Japan recorded deficits of $3.77 billion and $2.17 billion, respectively.The country's exports have been on a sharp roll since November last year on the back of brisk overseas demand for Korean-made semiconductors and vehicles.In May, exports jumped 13.3 percent on-year to $45 billion, while imports rose 19.1 percent on-year to $39.3 billion. (Yonhap)
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Rich Wells has been named vice president (VP) of operations for the U.S. Gulf Coast and site director for Dow Texas Operations. Wells succeeds Earl Shipp, who retired from Dow Sept. 30.
Wells has been with Dow since 1982 when they joined in Freeport. They most recently served as vice president and site director for Michigan Operations.
For more information, visit www.dow.com or call (989) 636-1000.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
“Green beans” sales at the Big Chief Market in Mayfield resulted in the arrest of the store's owner on drug charges, police said Monday.
Three times in the last month, Eric Ofcharsky, 44, of 18 Andrew Drive, Scott Twp., sold the opioid-based painkiller, Oxycodone, to a confidential police informant, according to an arrest affidavit. The informant told police they used “green beans” or “greenies” as code names for the green-colored pills. Twice this month, Ofcharsky also sold the stimulant drug, Adderall, to another undercover informant, according to the affidavit.
Police charged Ofcharsky on Monday with illegally distributing and possessing Oxycodone and Adderall and illegally using a cell phone to make a drug deal.
The market, which is well-known to residents, does not have a pharmacy or a license to sell either drug, Mayfield Police Chief Joseph Perechinsky said.
“It's a landmark,” the chief said. A relative continues to operate the market, they said.
Magisterial District Judge Paul Ware set Ofcharsky's bail at $150,000 and sent them to Lackawanna County Prison when they could not post it.
Mayfield and Carbondale police, acting as part of the Lackawanna County Drug Task Force, jointly conducted the investigation that led to Ofcharsky's arrest.
The informant who bought Oxycodone twice texted Ofcharsky's cellphone asking if Ofcharsky had “green beans” or “greenies.” Both times, Ofcharsky texted back a “thumbs up” emoji.
Each time, drug task force officers gave the informant an undisclosed amount of cash to buy the pills and the informant drove to the rear of the market at 616 Poplar St. There, the informant went inside through a rear door and emerged with 15-milligram Oxycodone pills in unlabeled pill bottles obtained from Ofcharsky, according to the affidavit. Undercover drug agents followed the informant.
Police gave no details of how the other informant arranged the Adderall buys, which went off almost identically. The informant drove to the rear of the market, and went inside to meet Ofcharsky. Both times, they walked to a warehouse Ofcharsky used at 620 Poplar where Ofcharsky produced pill bottles with 30-milligram Adderalls.
Police said more charges might be filed against Ofcharsky or others.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9147; @BorysBlogTT on Twitter.
No, whitening the genital is not cool and it is nothing more than a phallic "fashion" with dangerous hazards and after effects, say plastic surgeons.
The recent male genital whitening fad in Thailand has become viral and experts believe that the process has dangerous risks. The procedure uses lasers, acid, or chemicals which can leave burns, scars, taut skin. It might not turn out to be genital beautification after all.
"Most of the substances that are used to whiten are quite aggressive," Milanese plastic surgeon Massimiliano Brambilla, who specializes in genital procedures told AFP.
As per reports, a Bangkok clinic attends 100 men a month who visit the clinic for genital whitening service worth US$650 for five laser sessions. International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS) produced a data which shows Thailand in rank 21 in terms of cosmetic procedures performed in 2016. The data also showed a global increase in the genital beautification procedures and that Labiaplasty or trimming of the inner female genital "lips" or labia minoria is by far the fastest growing surgery sector. There has been a 45 percent rise since 2015.
According to plastic surgeon Fabien Boucher from France, genital whitening procedure is nothing but "pornographisation of society" as it involves "intimate" procedures by providing the genitals an unrealistic look.
One of the major reasons why genital whitening is popular in Thailand is because of the Thai culture as the Asia-Pacific region is a big market for skin lighteners. Boucher says that none of the products used in the process has been developed uniquely for genitals and no one knows how the products might react.
The Thai health ministry has warned users of the procedure against skin infection and threat to reproduction. Moreover, no one can guarantee safety.
Congressional Republicans Hope To Pass Tax Overhaul Bill By Dec. 25 Congressional Republicans are working to merge House and Senate versions of a GOP tax bill. They're hoping to reach their first major legislative milestone by Christmas.
Register now for Tour de Menlo scheduled for Saturday, August 19
The Tour de Menlo offers three Peninsula routes for cyclists of all abilities. Riders have their choice of 65-, 46- and 35-mile routes, all well-marked and beginning at Menlo-Atherton High School on Saturday, August 19.
After taking different routes initially, all riders eventually will head south on Stevens Canyon Road to the final rest stop at Madrone Park. Riders can rest and enjoy refreshments before heading back to Menlo Atherton High School for lunch in the courtyard.
The ride is sponsored by the Rotary Club of Menlo Park Foundation and the Almanac. All proceeds are used to support need-based Rotary scholarships, numerous other Rotary Foundation projects and the Almanac's Holiday Fund, which contributes more than $150,000 a year to 10 local nonprofits. Second Harvest Food Bank, LifeMoves (formerly Innvision-Shelter Network) and St. Anthony's Dining Room are among the beneficiaries of the Holiday Fund.
The 65-mile route is by far the most popular, taking riders up to Belmont and the first rest stop on Polhemus Road. Then, after climbing up to the bike bridge, riders head south to Cañada Road in Woodside and then to the second rest stop at the Portola Road firehouse near Alpine Road.
Riders on the 46-mile route also stop at the firehouse and then both routes circle around to Page Mill Road, with the longer route climbing up to Altamont Road and the others over to Arastradero Road and Los Altos. All riders meet south of Los Altos as they roll out Stevens Creek Road to the final rest stop at Madrone Park, before heading back to Menlo-Atherton via Foothill Expressway.
After riders on the 35-mile route turn south on the Alameda de las Pulgas and Santa Cruz Avenue, they ultimately use Foothill Boulevard and then Stevens Creek Road to reach the Madrone Park rest stop, where the route makes a 180-degree turn to return to Menlo-Atherton High School for lunch. The 35-mile route is virtually flat. but gives riders a good workout.
Registration and more details are available online.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CLAYTON OVER / STAFF PHOTO Scranton Police are investigating an armed robbery Friday at Roseanna's Pizza in West Scranton.
SCRANTON — City police are investigating an armed robbery at a West Scranton eatery Friday night.
The incident at Roseanna's Pizza & Catering, 501 N. Hyde Park Ave., happened about 7:25 p.m. The robbers, described as two men in their 20s, both held handguns as they entered the building through a side door, city police Lt. Marty Crofton said. One of the men put a gun to an employee's head. The suspects took the cash register and fled, Crofton said.
The men ran to a waiting car on Swetland Street, Crofton said. A third man drove the car. The vehicle took off west on Swetland Street and was last seen traveling north on North Bromley Avenue, Crofton said.
The getaway car is described as a dark-colored sedan, possibly maroon, Crofton said. No further information was available Friday night.
Anyone with information about the robbery or the suspects is asked to call city police at 570-348-4134 or leave an anonymous tip on the city police website.
Contact the writer:
cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5363;
@ClaytonOver on Twitter
James strongly denounced a report that said they would consider playing for the Warriors if the NBA champions were able to restructure their roster to accommodate the four-time league MVP. On Thursday, ESPN, citing anonymous league sources, reported James would meet with the Warriors this summer if they cleared the salary-cap space to sign him, assuming they will opt out of their contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers and become a free agent.
“It's nonsense, and it's a nonstory,” James said Friday following the Cavaliers' practice. “I think it's a discredit to what I'm trying to do here. It's a discredit to my teammates and the coaching staff here. My only focus right now is trying to figure out how we can become a championship-calibre team in these next few months. It's been so many stories about me in the last few months, in the last few days, about where I'm going and where I'm at and what place I'm in.
“I'm here, I'm right here, I'm right now and this is my present and this is where I'm at.”
James said they awoke Thursday to an alert and messages on their phone about the report and “the first thing I did I started laughing, actually.”
The 14-time All-Star said they soon became upset, however, knowing the damage that kind of story can cause. James was most bothered by their teammates having to wonder about their commitment in getting the Cavs back to a fourth straight NBA Finals.
While others can speculate about James' future intentions and how any move might tarnish their legacy, they made it clear that no one speaks for him.
“If you don't hear something coming from my voice, then it's not true,” they said. “I don't give a damn how close they are, I don't care if it's my kids, or my wife or whatever. If it's not from me, it's not true. I just want you guys to know that my focus right now is on the Cavs and how we can get back to the Finals for a fourth straight year. That's my focus. And everything else is going to get talked about, but it's not a distraction. But like, I think it's just unfair to my teammates that come here every day. I mean, I can handle it myself. But it's unfair to those guys.”
James often uses social media platforms to comment on stories or make statements. They didn't post anything on Twitter and Instagram on Thursday because they felt it was important for them to respond in person.
“You know how real this is right now,” they said. “Like, this is my focus. Nothing else is stopping me from trying to get this team back to the Finals.”
The speculation about where they plan to continue playing after this season is only going to increase. James understands that, and while them joining forces with Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry and the other Warriors might make for entertaining sports talk radio, it's not grounded in any truth.
James holds the Warriors' organization in high regard, but not to where they would ever consider being a part of it.
The 33-year-old has said previously they would like to finish their career with Cleveland, the home state team they left previously as a free agent in 2010 for Miami. If they decline their $35.6 million contract option this summer, he'll be a free agent again but that would not preclude them from re-signing with the Cavs.
That's months away and James is certain there will be other stories linking them to other teams.
“I know exactly how it works,” they said. “There are 30 teams right now that at the end of the day probably want to sit down with me at the end of the season, right? Correct. It's so easy to make a story out of that.”
In the short term, James and the Cavs are dealing with the loss of All-Star forward Kevin Love for two months. Love broke their left hand on Tuesday, and while they won't need surgery, their eight-week recovery timetable means they won't be back until just before the playoffs.
James is coming off a bad stretch — for them — in recent weeks. Their statistics have dropped across the board, and they recently had a career-high 11 turnovers in one game while averaging 4.5 turnovers in January.
“I haven't had a great couple weeks, but the couple weeks I've had would put guys in the All-Star Game,” said James. “I'll be all right. I'll get you better numbers, I promise you.”
City Reporter
Important buildings in the provincial capital have been illuminated as part of the Independence Day celebrations.
Flag-hoisting ceremonies and all other arrangements have also been finalised to mark the day in a befitting manner.
A meeting was held in this regard here on Sunday to review the arrangements. Punjab Minister for Local governments Mansha-Ullah Butt presided the meeting.
The meeting was told that a control room had also been established at local government complex here to get the latest updates on various activities of Local Government institutions all-over the province.
Famous singers will sing national songs at the special musical events. An art exhibition and Azadi Walk is also part of the activities.
Various dignitaries will participate in the I-Day ceremonies on the special instructions of Punjab chief minister.
Students of various educational institutions have also chalked out different activities including painting competitions among students of Fine Arts departments. Big pictures of heroes of the Pakistan Movement and other historic events have already been displayed at various prominent places in the city.
A folk dance festival has also been arranged. National songs competition will be arranged under Chief Minister's talent hunt programme at district and division levels and the winners will be awarded prizes.
All employees of government institutions and other people will decorate flags on their dresses.
Poetic sittings will also be arranged. The Punjab Institute for Language Art and Culture has also arranged a special transmission regarding the Independence movement which will be broadcast at FM-95 radio.
Kapil Dev warns 'over-fit' Virat Kohli of possible burn out
The World Cup winning captain called Kohli a mixture of Sachin Tendulkar and Vivian Richards during a book launch.
@aadyasharma20 by Aadya Sharma News 15 Feb 2017, 13:38 IST
What's the story?
World Cup winning captain Kapil Dev has marvelled at Virat Kohli's incredible levels of fitness, but has also warned the current Indian skipper of getting burned out due to their excessively strenuous training schedules.
"Cricketers are the least fit of all sportsmen. But Kohli has also set the benchmark for fitness. Sometimes I think they are over-fit. When you train that hard, your muscles can burn out faster. With that much fitness training, you're worried about getting injured also”.
In case you didn't know…
India's captain in all three formats, Virat Kohli has undergone tremendous transformation from their chubby-face days, and has evolved themselves into a super fit athlete, a process that started with a sudden realisation after the 2012 IPL.
As a batsman, they have been in jaw-dropping form, with their purple patch refusing to dry season after season and format after format. In their last four Test series, Kohli has scored a double century in each, becoming the first batsman in Test cricket to do so.
Also read: Virat Kohli sacrificed butter chicken and rolls to become top batsman, says coach
The heart of the matter
Heaping praise on Kohli's current form and fitness during the launch of “Numbers Don't Lie”, a book by Aakash Chopra and Impact Index, Kapil Dev said that all was going well for Kohli at the moment, even decision referrals. They said they were pleased by the 28-year old's approach to the game, drawing a clear distinction between Kohli's style of play and that of their peers, saying that the Indian captain has “excellent technique” and can pick the length very early to play a shot.
They also said that it is scary how Kohli is rocketing towards greatness, terming them to be a mix of Vivian Richards and Sachin Tendulkar. They also said that if Kohli continues in the same vein, they might be actually spoken ahead of Donald Bradman in the future.
What's next?
Kohli, Test captain, awaits Australia's incoming team as part of the last leg of their 13-Test home season, the first of which begins at Pune on February 23. At 895 points in the batting rankings, Virat Kohli is closing in on the 900-mark, and will become only the second Indian after Sunil Gavaskar (916) to cross the landmark. Their mentor, Sachin Tendulkar's highest career-ranking was 898.
Sportskeeda's take
Although praise for Kohli has been pouring in from all quarters, and adjectives have started looking jaded from being overused, Kapil Dev's remarks are a stark reminder of the fact that being in superb form for such long periods might eventually (god forbid!) take the juice out of Kohli mind and body at some point in the future.
On Monday, Jan. 22, the Port Washington Police Department issued warning tickets to cars that were not parked “head in” at the Port Washington train station. I have been using this station almost every day for the past four years, and cars have been parking “back end in” for all this time. The reason for this practice is that it is so difficult to back out of a parking stall in the evening rush hour—the station parking lot is chaotic between commuters returning to their cars, drivers picking up passengers and passengers parking to take an evening train to the city.
The requirement for head-in parking made some sense when the town issued parking stickers which were placed on the rear bumpers of cars (although the parking passes were placed on the rear-view mirror).
However, now that they have gone to a license recognition system, the need for head-in parking no longer seems to exist. Commuters have enough headaches to deal with given the continuing problems the LIRR has been experiencing. At least let us get home with a little less of a hassle.
—William Marman
Everyone in Bachelor Nation is support Becca Kufrin's quest for love, but it was so tough to fathom them sending Joe Amabile — aka Grocery Store Joe — home during the first episode. Now, Grocery Store Joe is publicly reacting to their Bachelorette elimination. Everyone knows that only one person can get Becca's final rose, but how did Joe get eliminated before they even had a chance to move into the Bachelor mansion? Injustice.
On May 28, Joe posted a clip from a Seinfield episode with Kramer discussing a dating rejection with George and Jerry. They didn't caption the Instagram post, but in the video someone — presumably Joe — is laughing in the background, so it looks like they have a sense of humor when it comes to their reality TV rejection.
In the clip, Kramer says, "It's over. They dumped me." They tell George and Jerry, "She said I was a hipster doofus. Am I a hipster doofus?" Kramer continues, "She said I'm not good-looking enough for them Not good looking? Look at my face. Am I beautiful?" No one wants to be dumped, whether it's a fictional character or someone looking for love on reality TV getting the boot only a few hours after showing up.
Joe may be laughing about it at this point, but viewers did not find it funny when they were sent home. Bachelorette fans were very disappointed that Joe didn't get a rose from Becca and they had no problem tweeting their reactions.
During the May 28 episode, Joe introduced themselves by saying, "I deal in produce, but one thing I haven't produced yet is love," according to the Chicago Tribune. The key word there might be "yet." Bachelor in Paradise Season 5 airs this summer, and it's pretty much a given that most of the contestants will be from the most recent seasons of The Bachelor and The Bachelorette. Maybe Grocery Store Joe will make a Bachelor franchise comeback and find love at a resort in Mexico.
Nothing has been officially confirmed, but host Chris Harrison hinted at it multiple times on Twitter. If that doesn't give the viewers (and Joe) some hope, then nothing else will.
On May 28, Chris proved that they know exactly what viewers care about when they tweeted, "#BachelorNation quickly falls in love with #GroceryStoreJoe." They also made it official that everyone will be referring to the Bachelorette contestant as "Grocery Store Joe" from here on out.
Then Chris mentioned the one thing that fans wanted to hear about: Bachelor in Paradise.
Same here, Chris. Same here.
One viewer tweeted at Chris, "Chris, the only journey we want to see now is theirs – straight to becoming the next Bachelor!" That's quite the jump from getting eliminated on the first night of The Bachelorette, but stranger things have happened in this franchise.
Chris quoted the tweet and told the fan, "Maybe a quick stop in Paradise first #GroceryStoreJoe." Yes. Yes. Yes.
A different Bachelorette fan tweeted, "I'm on west coast so I haven't watched yet but this tweet sounds like mr grocery is headed to paradise." After all the hype from their previous tweets, Chris played it cool with a tweet in response to this viewer:
Unfortunately for Grocery Store Joe (and their instant fans) their journey on The Bachelorette was very short-lived, but at least they went out on a high note. Becca wasn't feeling him, but viewers sure are. Even if they never appears on another Bachelor show again, they will remain in good favor with the fans... but hopefully they do end up on Bachelor in Paradise this summer.
Facebook has filed a patent application for a technology that will automatically detect the users' socio-economic status and segregate them in one of three classes -- working class, middle class or upper class.
According to the patent, the social media giant wants to build a system that collects users' personal data, such as education, homeownership and internet usage, in order to predict their socio-economic status, Dailymail reported on Saturday.
The patent, that was made public on Friday, suggested an algorithm that might improve Facebook's targeting capabilities, helping it serve up more relevant advertisements to users.
"By predicting the socio-economic groups of users, [Facebook] is able to help the third party present sponsored content to the target users," the patent read.
"Third parties are able to effectively promote their products or services, and the online system can provide a more engaging user experience to users," it added.
Facebook would ask the users what is their age and from there, it would throw questions that would be seemingly relevant to users of that age group.
"In the filing, 20 to 30-year-olds are asked how many Internet devices they own, while 30 to 40-year-olds are asked whether or not they own a house," the report said.
However, it is still unclear if the patent will ever actually be used for user targeting.
The social media giant might also consider other information like a person's travel history, what kinds of devices the user owns, how many Internet-connected devices they own and what their highest level of education is, to know the socio-economic status.
Interestingly, Facebook has skipped the income question acknowledging that users might not be comfortable telling about how much they earn per year, the report said.
"Online systems often do not have information about the income of users, for example, because the users are typically not inclined to share income information, which may be sensitive information, on online systems," the daily quoted the patent as saying.
Facebook could also refer to the "actions performed by the user on Facebook."
Yerevan /Mediamax/. Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan has visited Heroes' Square in Tbilisi and placed flowers at the memorial in the scope of their official visit to Georgia. Afterwards Pashinyan headed for the government building, where they had a private conversation with their Georgian counterpart Giorgi Kvirikashvili. The two Prime Ministers talked about the agenda and further development of Armenia-Georgia relations.
Their conversation was followed by an extended meeting between the official delegations of the two countries, during which Mr Kvirikashvili stressed that their government was ready to work on growing Armenia-Georgia relations and expanding the ties in various sectors.
“We carefully followed recent events in Armenia. The friendly Armenian people demonstrated unity in the face of a crisis, which resulted in peaceful transition of power through democratic means. I want to assure Armenia we will do everything to give new impetus to our relations and realize their full potential. We have a great chance to open a new phase in relations between two friendly nations today,” said Kvirikashvili.
Nikol Pashinyan highlighted the deeply-rooted historical ties between Armenia and Georgia.
“It is no coincidence that I chose Georgia as a destination for my first official trip to another state. Close ties, friendship and mutual respect have brought us together for thousands of years. I believe the friendship between our countries and peoples will create a firm foundation for further strengthening of political dialogue,” said Pashinyan, stressing that they and Kvirikashvili share the same views on bilateral relations.
Nikol Pashinyan also emphasized that development of relations with Georgia remains a priority in Armenia's foreign policy. Pashinyan assured their Georgian colleagues that the new Armenian government is interested in giving fresh quality to a rich partnership with the friendly neighbor. The Armenian Prime Minister was certain that during this visit, the parties would outline new opportunities and vectors for cooperation for the benefit of both states and nations.
“I would like to emphasize that we are ready to discuss the agenda of our bilateral relations in a frank and open atmosphere, which is becoming of two brotherly, neighboring states. I am sure our relations will remain grounded on the principle that any issue can be solved between us,” said Pashinyan.
In conclusion, Pashinyan invited Giorgi Kvirikashvili to visit Armenia.
Shortly after the LG G7 was announced, it was said that AT&T wouldn't be carrying/selling the phone in the U.S. and would instead offer "a new LG device this summer only from AT&T." Now, it's been confirmed that that phone is the LG V35 ThinQ.
AT&T and LG recently announced the new handset, and it lines up perfectly with a leak that surfaced in early May. The V35 ThinQ is essentially a modernized version of the LG V30 from last year and offers almost all of the same specs found with the G7.
The front of the V35 is home to a 6-inch 18:9 Quad HD+ (2880 x 1440) display, but it swaps out the G7's LCD panel for an OLED one. Even better, there's no notch to be found.
The V35 is almost identical to the G7 — save for the OLED screen.
Around back are the G7's excellent dual 16MP rear cameras, the primary one using a standard 71-degree angle with f/1.6 aperture while the second one is a 107-degree wide angle sensor with f/1.9. For the selfie camera, you've got a single 8MP 80-degree sensor with f/1.9 for the aperture.
Under the hood of the V35 ThinQ is the Snapdragon 845 CPU, 6GB RAM, 64GB of expandable storage, and a 3,300 mAh battery. Android 8.0 oreo is present out of the box, there's support for Band 14 for lightning-fast data speeds, and is AT&T's latest phone to support the FirstNet service for first responders.
LG has also confirmed that the V35 will be available on Project Fi, and according to the Project Fi website, will cost the same at $899 (or $37.46/month for 24 months with 0% interest).
Pre-orders for the LG V35 ThinQ open up this Friday, June 1, with official sales opening online and in-stores Friday, June 8. The phone will cost $30/month for 30 months on AT&T Next, bringing the final price to a staggering $900.
Now that everything's official, do you feel like spending that kind of cash for the V35?
LG G7 ThinQ hands-on preview: All about that bass
Swift action is required to protect wildlife habitats before the elephant literally winds up in the room. Photo: AP
Mumbai: In a bid to raise awareness about the shrinking space for wild elephants in the country, a “gaj yatra” campaign has been launched in Mumbai.
The campaign was launched on Sunday by an NGO, the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), at the Siddhivinayak temple in Prabhadevi area where railways minister Suresh Prabhu was present. The “gaj yatra”, partnered by the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), will take the form of a roadshow that will move through 12 elephant range states over the next 15 months, with elephant-sized artworks created by local artists and craftsmen as the centrepiece, a statement issued by the trust said.
Besides, a “gaj mahotsav” will be organized at different venues along the way, with concerts, parades, street plays and activities for children in particular. On the occasion, noted actor and WTI's brand ambassador Dia Mirza said that for the “gaj yatra” to succeed, it must be a people's movement. “I hope that over the next 15 months it will capture the country's imagination, corporate India and people to come together and help secure 101 corridors for India's wild elephants,” they said.
India has about 30,000 wild elephants, which constitute over 50% of the species' estimated global population, the release said. The growing resource needs of India's human population have led to the destruction and fragmentation of wild habitats across the country, depleting the area available for elephants to roam and causing the loss of their traditional migratory paths, it said.
Elephant corridors are vital natural habitat linkages that enable the pachyderms and other wildlife animals to move through the degraded habitats lying between larger protected forests freely, without being disturbed by humans, it said. WTI has been working with the government's Project Elephant, state forest departments, and national and global NGOs to secure and protect the country's 101 identified and mapped elephant corridors, the release said.
Mumbai mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar and WTI CEO Vivek Menon were also present at the campaign launch.
Ed Sheeran is bringing their North American Stadium Tour to the Rose Bowl on August 18th and ENERGY 97.3 has your tickets! Listen all weeklong and when we tell you to call, be caller 20 at 833-288-0973 to win! Tickets are on sale now at Ticketmaster.com.
Spoilers ahead for Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Season 4 Part 1. Season 4 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt breaks from the main action for an episode focusing on one DJ Fingablast (Derek Klena) as they try to uncover why their DJ idol is in jail and then to prove their innocence. The catch: that idol just happens to be the Reverend (Jon Hamm) who kidnapped Kimmy and the other girls. In a particularly ridiculous half-hour, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's true crime parody (Episode 3 of the new season) totally captures the carefully orchestrated drama of those documentaries.
Not to go full "Stefon from Weekend Update," but this episode has everything: an adorably clueless protagonist/filmmaker who quietly walks onscreen at the very beginning to deliver a mysterious monologue that sets the stage, a dramatic opening credits sequence full of blurry trees and shots of birds, and plenty of flashbacks recorded on terrible quality early '00s handheld cameras.
The doc follows the DJ as they hunt for DJ Slizzard — the man who influenced them to become a DJ in the first place back when Fingablast (or, uh, Doug) was a kid — in the hopes that Slizzard will agree to perform at their wedding. When they head to Indiana to find the man himself, Fingablast discovers that Slizzard in jail for the kidnapping of Kimmy and the others, and sets out on a mission to discover what exactly happened.
Eric Liebowitz/Netflix
If you've browsed Netflix anytime in the past few years (and you have, if you're watching Kimmy Schmidt), you've encountered your fair share of true crime documentaries. There's been a boom of them lately — Making A Murderer; Wild, Wild Country; Evil Genius; Amanda Knox — you name it. Mostly all of them follow a lot of the same themes and utilize some of the same filmmaking methods, many of which Kimmy Schmidt aptly put to use in this episode.
There are news reports clipped in amidst prison footage, police interrogations, security camera footage from grocery stores, and also DJ Fingablast's own handheld camerawork. He's shown pensively skipping stones in a lake while they contemplate all the things he's learned about Reverend Richard, and all the while their voiceover plays, pondering where the doc should go next.
DJ Fingablast even brings a little Catfish into the mix as they put on a disguise and woos the Reverend from afar, eventually appearing at the prison dressed as a woman. They eventually are brought to the Reverend's side, becoming convinced that he's innocent and is wrongfully in jail. Then, it gets even weirder. They lay out the case on bulletin boards with string connecting all the different parts of the plan to clear the Reverend's name; in almost every way, the DJ hilariously embodies the kind of dedicated, passionate voice that's usually narrating these kinds of films.
Netflix on YouTube
The urgency, the mystery and the absurdity all mesh seamlessly together for some of the funniest moments of the season, and a major part of its appeal is that you've seen so much of this before. Complete with in-prison interviews with the Reverend, and a cryptic ending that doesn't tie up any of the loose ends of the ongoing story, the doc concludes with DJ Fingablast walking away in slow motion, asking everyone to think about what they've just witnessed.
It's not often that a show with only half-hour episodes will feature an entire installment completely absent of its main characters, but Kimmy Schmidt pulls it off. Kimmy, Jacqueline, Titus and Lilian aren't present for the bulk of this episode, and their stories aren't further explored in its narrative, but the doc does grant the context and the conflict necessary for Kimmy to continue fighting against the Reverend.
Between poking fun at the hugely popular true crime genre and paying a respectful homage to it as well, Episode 3 of Kimmy Schmidt's newest season is a welcome departure from the rest of the show.
PITTSFIELD - A 21-year-old Springfield man who is facing charges related to distribution of heroin and unlawful possession of a firearm entered an innocent plea Tuesday at their arraignment in Berkshire Superior Court.
Quamel J. Batchelor of Noelle St., Springfield, is charged with possession of heroin with intent to distribute, conspiracy to violate drug laws, possession of a firearm in the commission of a felonky, illegal possession of a firearm, illegal possession of a loaded firearm, and improper storage of a firearm.
The charges stem from a motor vehicle stop in Pittsfield on Jan. 31.
Batchelor, their brother, Jason T. Batchelor, 18, and Akeem Anderson, all of Springfield were arrested when police found drugs in their car, according to the Berkshire Eagle.
Police found 52 packets of heroin and a .45 caliber handgun inside the car.
Jason Batchelor and Anderson have not yet been arraigned in superior court.
Judge Daniel Ford ordered Quamel Batchelor to be held in lieu of $1,000 bail at the Hampden County Correctional Center.
My wife and I went to a “New Parent” class over the weekend and learned all sorts of stuff about raising a newborn. So being that I'm a first time parent (rookie) and U-Turn Laverne is a seasoned veteran, I quiz them on things I learned to see if they remember from raising their 3 kids. Listen to see if they passed below.
A nonprofit organization that has orchestrated a wide-reaching campaign against foreign drug imports has deep ties to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, the powerful lobbying group that includes Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer.
The nonprofit, called the Partnership for Safe Medicines, has recently emerged as a leading voice against Senate bills that would allow drugs to be imported from Canada.
Both the lobbying group and the nonprofit partnership have gone to great lengths to show that drugmakers are not driving what they describe as a grass-roots effort to fight imports, including an expensive advertising blitz and an event last week that featured high-profile former FBI officials and a former Food and Drug Administration commissioner.
However, a Kaiser Health News analysis of groups involved in the partnership shows more than one-third have received PhRMA funding or are local chapters of groups that have received PhRMA funding, according to PhRMA tax disclosures from 2013 to 2015.
Forty-seven of the organizations listed in the ads appear to be advocacy organizations that received no money from PhRMA in those years.
A PhRMA senior vice president, Scott LaGanga, previously led the Partnership for Safe Medicines for 10 years. At PhRMA, LaGanga was responsible for the lobbying group's alliances with patient advocacy groups, and they were simultaneously listed as the executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines on each of that group's annual tax filings since 2007, the earliest year for which they are available from ProPublica's Nonprofit Explorer.
LaGanga wrote a 2011 article about the partnership's origins. Published in the Journal of Commercial Biotechnology, it described "public-private partnerships in addressing counterfeit medicines." Their PhRMA job was not disclosed in the article.
From 2010 to 2014, the organization hosted a conference called the Partnership for Safe Medicines Interchange. In a video from a 2013 event, LaGanga thanks pharmaceutical companies, most of them PhRMA members, for sponsoring the event.
In February, LaGanga moved to a senior role at PhRMA and stepped down as executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, just as the group's campaign to stop import legislation was revving up.
The partnership's new executive director, Shabbir Safdar, said LaGanga resigned from the group to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest.
"That's why Scott's not executive director anymore," they said. PhRMA declined to make LaGanga available for an interview.
Considering Legislation
The Senate push to allow Americans to buy pharmaceuticals from Canada comes as more patients balk at filling prescriptions because of soaring drug prices. Prescription medicines purchased in the U.S. can run three times what they cost in Canada, data from the company PharmacyChecker.com show.
In 2016, about 19 million Americans purchased pharmaceuticals illegally from foreign sources through online pharmacies or while traveling, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll. Many survey respondents cited pricing disparities as the reason.
A bill cosponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) would provide a mechanism for Canadian drug manufacturers to sell to U.S. consumers and pharmacies. Sanders introduced the bill in February. In January, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) also introduced a bill to allow drug imports from Canada.
In the House, Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) introduced a similar bill to Sanders', along with 23 other Democrats.
The U.S. drug industry has strongly opposed efforts to open the borders to drug imports, but the PhRMA lobbying group is not mentioned in the nonprofit partnership's recent advertising blitz against the proposed legislation. The nonprofit says its grass-roots effort is supported by 170 members, including professional organizations and trade groups.
The nonprofit describes PhRMA as a dues-paying member with no larger role in shaping the group's activities. Partnership spokesperson Clare Krusing would not say how much each member contributes. PhRMA spokesperson Allyson Funk declined to say whether PhRMA funds the partnership.
"PhRMA engages with stakeholders across the health care system to hear their perspectives and priorities," Funk said. "We work with many organizations with which we have both agreements and disagreements on public policy issues, and believe engagement and dialogue are critical."
Campaigning Against Drug Imports
The partnership recently launched its ad campaign, warning against the alleged dangers of legalizing Canadian drug imports. It includes television commercials, promoted search results on Google and a full-page print ad in The Washington Post and The Hill. The group's YouTube page shows recent commercials targeted to viewers in 13 states.
"We don't disclose specific ad figures, but the campaign is in the high six figures," Safdar said.
The commercials ask voters to urge their senators to "oppose dangerous drug importation legislation."
The newspaper ad reads, "Keep the nation's prescription drug supply safe. Urge the Senate to reject drug importation measures." Its headline declares that "170 healthcare advocacy groups oppose drug importation," noting a letter to Congress signed by its members. The ad lists 160 members who signed the letter, and PhRMA's name is not included.
"Having a big membership allows the coalition to present what looks like a unified show of grass-roots support ... but it does raise questions about which members of the coalition are really driving and funding the group's policy-making," said Matthew McCoy, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania who studies patient advocacy groups.
The list of groups includes at least 64 trade organizations representing the biomedical industry, professional associations representing pharmacists, a private research company and two insurance companies.
One group that signed the letter, the "Citrus Council, National Kidney Foundation of Florida Inc.," represents a single volunteer, according to an email from the group. A spokesperson for the National Kidney Foundation of Florida said the volunteer's views contradict the position of the umbrella group, and said the foundation supports "any sort of drug importation that allows our patients to have access to drugs at the best price."
Two of the hepatitis patients' advocacy groups that were listed, the National Association of Hepatitis Task Forces and the California Hepatitis C Task Force, are run by the same person, Bill Remak. Remak said the groups receive small amounts of PhRMA funding.
"I don't enjoy having to take this extreme position of saying we shouldn't import at all, but until we have some oversight regime, some way of protecting consumers, it's a really tough call," they said.
"Current drug importation proposals do not appear to have equal safety and chain-of-custody accountability laid out adequately for patient safety concerns," said William Arnold, president of the Community Access National Network, which is also listed in the ad and is an advocacy and support group for people living with HIV/AIDS or hepatitis in Washington, D.C. Their group did not accept money from PhRMA between 2013 to 2015, the Kaiser Health News analysis found.
Concerns About Safety And Price
Last week, the partnership hosted a panel at the National Press Club featuring former FBI director Louis Freeh and former FDA commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach. The discussion focused on the alleged health and legal dangers of online pharmacies.
"You can talk about lowering prices, but if a drug comes with a high probability of toxicity and death, that comes at a high cost to the patient," von Eschenbach said. "That's what's at issue with drug importation."
Each speaker argued that the bill co-sponsored by Sanders would be harmful to patients. Around the same time that bill was introduced, the partnership also sent emails to member organizations seeking help to stop such a measure.
Speakers at the partnership event claimed importation would lead to a flood of counterfeit medicines laced with arsenic, fentanyl and lead paint.
"These drugs are manufactured in jungles, in tin drums, in basements. ... Those are the sort of sanitary conditions we're talking about here," said George Karavetsos, a former director of the FDA's Office of Criminal Investigations.
Both von Eschenbach and Karavetsos have ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Von Eschenbach left the FDA in 2009 to join Greenleaf Health, which counsels pharmaceutical clients, before starting their own consulting company, and Karavetsos counsels pharmaceutical clients at DLA Piper, a Washington, D.C., law firm.
In an interview, Josh Miller-Lewis, Sanders' deputy director of communications, refuted Karavetsos' arguments. They said Canadian drugmakers can apply for licenses, and all drugs would have to come from FDA-inspected plants.
Politico reported in October that PhRMA is bolstering its war chest by another $100 million per year, suggesting to many industry analysts that drugmakers are gearing up for a ferocious fight.
"I think it's safe to say pharmaceutical corporations are prepared to spend some fraction of their multibillion-dollar profits to fight drug importation and any other policy that might end the plague of overpriced medicine," said Rick Claypool, research director for Public Citizen, a watchdog group critical of the drug industry.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent newsroom that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
DDA's integrated sports promotion policy approved
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) An integrated sports promotion policy of DDA was today approved by Delhi Lt Governor Anil Baijal which includes provision for free coaching camps for self-defence training for girls and women in consultation with city police, the urban body said.
Baijal, also the chairperson of the Delhi Development Authority, chaired a meeting of its Sports Management Board (SMB) at the Raj Niwas, during which the decision was taken.
It was also decided that all facilities of DDA sports complexes would be made "disabled-friendly", the DDA said in a statement.
If a person with special needs or old persons require to be accompanied by attendants to visit the facilities, "DDA would not charge from the user, fees for up to two attendants for each such person."
"Free coaching camps would be organised for self-defence training for girls and women in consultation with Delhi Police," it said.
In the meeting, it was also decided that sports facilities would be developed at sectors 8, 17, 19-Ph I, 23-Ph-II at Dwarka; sectors 33 and 34 at Rohini; and Sector A-7 at Narela.
Besides, individuals who have secured first, second and third position (gold, silver or bronze medal) in national and international events would be allowed free utilisation of DDA sports complexes, it was decided.
"Facilities for sports popular among, rural youth like wrestling, boxing, weight lifting, kabaddi, shooting, athletics, archery, etc., would also be provided at some of these sites," the statement said.
Lands which cannot be developed for their intended purpose due to site constraints could be identified for development of sports or recreation facilities, like jogging tracks, yoga sheds, etc., which would allow their public utilisation as well as upgrade these areas and prevent encroachment, it said.
Facilities at all DDA sports complexes during non-peak hours would be utilised for conducting school level competitions/tournaments in various sports activities throughout the year.
"DDA would also approach Sports Authority of India (SAI) for utilisation of its sports infrastructure for organising regional, national and international level tournaments and championships," it added.
Proposals have also been invited from eminent coaches and sports persons to provide coaching in various sports disciplines at DDA sports complexes. Coaches would be selected after evaluation of technical and financial bids, the DDA said.
"Since, many schools do not have playgrounds, coaching agencies would be engaged for utilisation of the facilities by school children from neighbouring schools during non-peak hours," it said.
"Presently 10 per cent coaching for EWS category is mandatory in coaching contracts. The policy was amended for coaches to train more trainees in this category and DDA would pay the coaches share of fees for additional trainees. The DDA would provide kit for the EWS trainees," the statement said
A Lusaka based attention seeking pastor Jimmy Kumwenda has said musician Chef 187 has no relation with God and clearly destined to burn in hell over their music.
Jimmy who appeared controversial last week after calling all those that attended the Boyz II Men concert as adulterous sinners this morning appeared on Qfm breakfast where they condemned the song Isenge which features Chef187 × Abel Chungu.
They said it must be a joke for anyone to think Chef 187 is going anywhere in life for mocking God with their song because they have no right standing with them and can therefore, not preach in anyway.
They warned that Chef 187 will die shortly should they continue mocking God with such songs because they are of the world and has no relation with God whatsoever.
Marawi: An Australian journalist says they are fine after being hit by a bullet in their neck while covering the Philippine military's assault against militants aligned with the Islamic State group in a southern city.
A tweeted video showed ABC journalist Adam Harvey wearing a neck brace and putting on their helmet after receiving treatment today in Marawi. They told reporters they were fine and that they were to get an X-ray.
Harvey was hit at the provincial capitol building, where government officials hold briefings on the progress against the militants who've laid siege to Marawi since last month.
Also Thursday, a suspected militant bomber was arrested in Cagayan de Oro City, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) from Marawi.
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay says Mohammad Noaim Maute was under investigation.
Essential News from The Associated Press A A A
Death toll rises to 12 in London apartment building inferno
By GREGORY KATZ and DANICA KIRKA , Associated Press
AIM
Share Google Digg Del.icio.us REddit NewsVine Mixx Yahoo A resident in a nearby building watches smoke rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham) A resident in a nearby building watches smoke rise from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. A massive fire raced through the 27-story high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, sending at least 30 people to hospitals, emergency officials said. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham) Parts of the building still burn hours after a deadly blaze at a high rise apartment block in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people with around 50 people being taken to hospital. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant) A person peers out of a window from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham) A person, bottom right, peers out of a window from a building on fire in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London. The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham) The high-rise apartment building where a massive fire raged overnight is seen in London, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Fire swept through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday, killing an unknown number of people with around 50 people being taken to hospital. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) . . 1 of 5 . . More News
Video
People, Places and Companies: Sadiq Khan, Theresa May, United Kingdom, London AIM
Share Google Digg Del.icio.us REddit NewsVine Mixx Yahoo
AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most people will be well aware of Love Saves The Day's huge line-up by now with plenty of the biggest names in dance music and beyond descending on Bristol's Eastville Park.
On both days of the May Bank Holiday thousands of revellers will witness the likes of Fatboy Slim, Sampha, Loyle Carner, Tom Misch and many more at the popular blowout.
The festival runs from midday to 11pm on both days, but for those who don't want the fun to end there will be two big after parties taking place at superclub Motion – and the line-ups have just been revealed.
The Saturday night will be headed up by the ever-popular Jackmaster, who will be bringing their infectious blend of house, disco and techno while the equally esteemed Artwork will also be playing the main room.
In the adjoining Marble Factory, Bristol's favourite bass duo My Nu Leng will be heading things up alongside Zinc, Special Request and Gotsome, while The Tunnel will welcome Jus Now, Roska and more.
Sunday night's billing will be equally weighty with more internationally-renowned acts playing across all rooms. The main room will host a masterclass in house music as Hot Since 82 and Heidi go back to back.
The Marble Factory will be every drum & bass fan's dream as High Contrast, Lenzman, Enei head up a Run takeover and The Tunnel plays host to a secret headliner along with the fast-rising Moxie.
Tickets are on sale here.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
TMZ reports Craig Raymond Turner, the oldest son of music star Tina Turner, worked in real estate in California's San Fernando Valley, and took their life yesterday by shooting themselves at their home in Studio City, CA.
Tina had Craig when they were 18. Their father, was saxophonist Raymond Hill, a member of Ike Turner's band, When Tina married Ike, Ike adopted Craig.
At the time of Craig's death, Tina was making a trip to Paris Fashion Week in Switzerland.
Authorities say Craig, age 59, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Deepest condolences to the Turner family and Craig's friends.
Inside Look at The Bachelorette on ABC
ABC NEWS–“The Bachelorette” is back and you can see it Monday nights here on ABC Columbia. It's garnered quite a following already.
Here's an exclusive look at next weeks episode and a look at the season premiere with the newest Bachelorette Becca.
ABC'S Good Morning America's Michael Strahan takes a look.
WWE News: John Cena's incredible SummerSlam record
The Cenation leader is on a six-match losing streak at SummerSlam.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran News 14 Aug 2017, 12:44 IST
Cena is on a six-match losing streak at SummerSlam
What's the story?
John Cena has been WWE's biggest star in the last decade and is "The Face That Runs the Place", but Cena has one dubious record that he'll want to change this coming week.
WWE.com's article highlights Cena's losing streak at SummerSlam, where they have not picked up a win in their last six matches at the pay-per-view.
In case you did not know...
John Cena has been a mainstay in WWE for the last ten years. During their run in the promotion, the 16-time World Champion has won almost all the major championships, with the Intercontinental Title being the only exception.
Apart from this, they won the Slammy Award on 10 different occasions and is a two-time Royal Rumble winner and one-time Money in the Bank winner.
The heart of the matter
From 2011 to 2016, Cena has not won a match at "The Biggest Party of the Summer".
In 2011, they suffered a defeat at the hands of CM Punk, and in the next year, they lost in a triple threat match against Punk and Big Show.
Daniel Bryan defeated Cena in 2013, and Lesnar, Seth Rollins and AJ Styles added to that inglorious streak in 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively. The last time Cena won in SummerSlam was back in 2010 when they were a member of Team WWE that defeated Team Nexus.
If we don't count this team victory, Cena's losing streak goes up to eight matches as they lost their singles matches at 2008 and 2009 editions of SummerSlam as well.
What's next?
"The Face that Runs the Place" faces Baron Corbin at this year's SummerSlam. The match was booked after Cena failed to become the No. 1 contender for the WWE championship. The event is scheduled for August 20th at the Barclays Centre in New York.
Author's take
WWE highlighting the losing streak of Cena works as a great marketing technique. The stakes are higher due to this reveal. As for the fans, this new information makes the match more intriguing as most will be cheering for Cena to break the jinx.
Rejects accusations judiciary acting as ‘part of a plan'; We have to hold many kingpins accountable
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Chief Justice of Pakistan Justice Mian Saqib Nisar promised to not let democracy get derailed in Pakistan. “I am making a pledge and promise to you from this forum that Insh'Allah we will never let democracy be derailed in Pakistan.” Chief Justice Saqib Nisar said this while addressing the National Judicial Policy making Committee (NJPC) meeting here on Saturday.
“The day that will happen, I will not be here that's my promise,” they remarked. The CJP further remarked that the judiciary and the courts pose no threat to democracy.
“There is some kind of rhetoric and impression being given that there is a threat to democracy or we have become part of it. We are not part of it. We will never be part of it. We have buried the ‘doctrine of necessity' in the Sindh High Court Bar Association case and there cannot be a better judgement in the history of Pakistan,” the top judge added.
The remarks come a day after former prime minister Nawaz Sharif said that the courts have validated martial laws in the country on the basis of the ‘doctrine of necessity'. Moreover, the top judge urged the community of judges to join their campaign of dispensing justice. “I bow my head to you to become part of my campaign and start delivering justice. We have to enforce the fundamental rights of the people. This is our responsibility,” they urged.
“Constitution is the supreme document of any country,” they remarked, adding that parliament has the authority to make laws. “Our job is to uphold the sanctity of the law.”
Integrity, honesty, uprightness are the virtues of a good judge, stressed CJP Saqib Nisar, adding that the judges should not worry about getting more benefits. “We are one of highest paid government servants… so let us deliver.”
They urged the judiciary to continue working with passion and intelligence. The CJP pointed out that the hurdles being faced by the lawyers are not “insurmountable”.
“I have seen many passionate judges, who worked in unfavourable conditions. This [court proceedings] should not be considered as work. The Chief Justice of Canada resigned and said this work was their passion but now it seems like a job. I don't want a job,” said the Chief Justice of Pakistan.
“We have to work hard for country's progress and improvement,” they stressed.
The CJP reiterated that the judiciary is working independently. “Forget about those people who think that there is planning here. Your judiciary is not only independent outward but inward as well.
Every single judge of mine is independent. In-house there is no pressure on anyone. This is the culture we have developed,” they added. The laws should be updated with time, they remarked, adding that rather than waiting for what law will come next we have to dispense justice as per country's law and Constitution.
“We have to hold many kingpins accountable,” they said. The top judge also remarked that judiciary is an important pillar of the state. “We are part of judiciary and judiciary is an important organ of the state. There will be an imbalance if this organ does not work,” they said, adding “Trichotomy of power is the spirit of democracy.”
Reminiscing the olden times, the CJP said that the lawyers used to follow certain decorum to not affect the judge's attention in court. “The lawyers made no noise in the courtroom; they used to bow before the bench and pulled their chairs quietly.”
Over the issues pertaining to the staff and administration control of judiciary, the CJP remarked: “Your staff should be under your administrative control. But, your control should not be under the federal government but your chief justices. We will work out a plan for this as per country's law.”
The meeting, which is being held in Supreme Court, seeks to overview the performance of the judiciary in the country.
The committee last met on January 13 in the apex court's Karachi registry and will continue in today's meeting its deliberations on measures being taken to check delays in court cases besides getting rid of the huge backlog.
The chief justice, in their addresses to gatherings as well as in meetings, has vowed to introduce reforms in the sector to ensure speedy justice.
Addressing media on January 13, Justice Nisar had said the judiciary needs a major overhaul to ensure provision of inexpensive and speedy justice to the people.
“We [the judiciary] are being accused of accepting some cases, of being a part of an anti-democracy campaign, but the judges must not come under any pressure,” they said. “The judiciary is not part of any ‘planning' and we will not let anyone suffer from injustice,” they added.
Conceding that the judiciary had “made some mistakes in the past”, the chief justice said that in order to move forward, the institution will have to hold itself accountable as well.
While stressing the importance of dispensing justice that “satisfies the public,” Justice Nisar urged the judges to regard their legal profession with passion instead of considering it a mere job.
“It is true that you should have a good home and peace of mind,” they began. “A Supreme Court friend of mine, whose name I will not take, told me that they stopped fighting their buddhi [wife] the day they became a judge.”
“So you need to get rid of stress, and that should not be hard as I am sure most of your wives are nice, because under stress, you will not be able to pass good judgements,” they advised.
Defending the multiple cases that have been registered in the Supreme Court since they started taking suo motu notices, Justice Nisar said that they had never tried to exceed their authority. The only reason behind taking a suo motu notice of certain issues, they explained, was to ensure that the basic rights of the citizens are protected. They then appealed to the judges to never let any emotion influence their verdicts.
There is no difference between a judge of a lower court and the chief justice, they said. Judges can only be distinguished from their peers by the “level of attention” they pay to details of the cases they hear, before passing verdicts, the CJP declared.
The CJP admitted that the judiciary was facing numerous challenges but urged everyone in the legal profession to do the best they can in the given circumstances.
Referring to a meeting they had with China's chief justice, Justice Nisar said that the secret behind China's rapid progress is that the citizens worked for their nation. They encouraged the judges to work towards building a better future for the coming generations. “No one can stop a nation that has good leaders and a strong justice system from progressing.”
The CJP lauded the tribunal court judges, saying that they value and respects them just as much as those in the “mainstream”. “Tribunal judges should not consider themselves ignored,” they said.
Justice Nisar addressed a room full of judges of all courts where they informed them of their fundamental duties, and requested them to keep aside personal achievements for a year and only work towards bringing justice.
Justice Nisar said that a judge of the high court draws a monthly salary of Rs. 0.9 million and Rs. 40,000 daily while the salary of a supreme court judge is even higher. They advised the judges to work enough to prove their earning.
“Fundamental rights of the people cannot and should not be compromised, it is our duty as judges and lawyers to ensure that justice is being delivered,” they said.
Commenting on the nature of the job, they informed accountability and anti-terrorism court judges that “there will be people who threaten the system and might claim that they will make your children's lives difficult, but you have to bring these people to accountability,” the CJP said in a hidden jibe to Pakistan Muslim League-N Senator Nehal Hashmi's ‘anti-judiciary' speeches.
“Perpetrators of white collar crime, and people who threaten us need to be brought to accountability,” they futher added.
All judges need to follow Article 4 of the constitution, the CJP stressed. Article 4 states, “Right of individuals to be dealt with in accordance with law etc”.
“There should be punishment for judges who don't comply by Article 4 of constitution,” they added. Commenting on the current inflow of cases, the CJP said, “cases have come to me whose judgments haven't been passed in years, these cases come to me, and when I act severely, the cases go in retrials. The lawyers want to argue more and keep the cases going. I urge you to not do this. Please rule in favour of justice no matter what.” The CJP urged all lawyers present to take an oath and promise that when they exit this meeting, their prime agenda will be to deliver justice under the command of the law and obey it unconditionally.
I encourage every possible voter to go to a candidates' meeting somewhere in your riding and see what is being offered by the various parties. It doesn't matter if the featured issues are of interest to you or not. What matters is that you get to see the contestants demonstrate their skill and ability to you in a public forum.
Who is knowledgeable and conversant on the issues? Who responds compassionately to questions directed at them? Who is able to think on their feet and respond without notes or prompts? Who do you think will honestly represent you in a party caucus next month and next year? Who do you think might be skilled and prepared enough to actually get the nod if cabinet positions are available? Who do you think is going to listen to you after this election and three years down the road?
Not all of the candidates are well prepared. They're not all thoughtful or understanding. They're not all interested in your well-being, let alone that of every other citizen of this community. They're not all capable of standing up for your interests in a caucus meeting. They all need your vote. Pick the one who is going to represent you well in the coming years.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Massachusetts Attorney General's Office are asking for help identifying a man in connection with an alleged 2015 beating of four men by off-duty Springfield police officers following an argument at Nathan Bill's Bar and Restaurant.
The agencies released an image depicting a white man wearing jeans, white sneakers and a T-shirt. Agents and task force officers are attempting to speak with the man, who is not accused of any wrongdoing, about a "violent assault that occurred in the Springfield area in 2015," the FBI said in a press release.
The FBI did not release any details about the assault in question. But a source familiar with the ongoing probe into the alleged Nathan Bill's police beating, who requested anonymity to speak about an active investigation, confirms the image was drawn from security footage that had been shown to the alleged victims during interviews with the FBI.
#FBI Boston & @MassAGO are asking for help in identifying this individual who is not accused of any wrongdoing. Agents & task force officers would like to speak with them about a violent assault that occurred in the Springfield, MA area in '15. Call 857-386-2000 with information. pic.twitter.com/xBINUvDKCP -- FBI Boston (@FBIBoston) April 23, 2018
"We do not want to create a sense of alarm by releasing this photo," FBI Boston Special Agent in Charge Harold Shaw said in a statement. "Our job as law enforcement is to track down any and all potential witnesses relating to criminal behavior in an ongoing investigation. We hope someone in the community has information that will help us identify him."
An FBI spokesperson declined to comment beyond the contents of the press release, saying it is not FBI policy to confirm details about ongoing investigations.
The existence of the image is the first public evidence that federal and state authorities have obtained security footage related to the fight that includes potentially identifiable individuals. Springfield police investigators reviewed a video from a nearby Bank of America in 2015, but the footage was unclear and did not include identifiable faces.
A statewide grand jury began hearing testimony about the alleged beating in February and is still ongoing, raising the possibility of criminal charges in the case over a year after the Hampden District Attorney's Office announced it could not proceed with charges due to weak eyewitness identifications.
The Nathan Bill's case, as it became known by internal investigators, has dogged the Springfield Police Department and frustrated the alleged victims for over three years.
On the night of April 7, 2015, Paul Cumby, their cousins Jackie and Jozelle Ligon and their friend Michael Cintron went out for drinks at Nathan Bill's Bar and Restaurant -- a family-owned pub on Island Pond Road popular with neighborhood residents, police officers and local politicians hosting fundraisers.
According to accounts given to internal investigators, an off-duty officer, Daniel Billingsley, began arguing with Jozelle at the bar, accusing them of whistling at a woman in their party.
Uniformed officers responded to the verbal argument, and later confirmed to internal investigators that Billingsley and fellow officers Melissa Rodriguez, Christian Cicero, Anthony Cicero and Igor Basovskiy were in the bar at that time. The Ligon's group left the bar peacefully after Billingsley made it clear they were not welcome, they told investigators.
The Ligons and Cintron waited in the parking lot of Murphy's Pop Stop as Cumby, who had driven their truck to the bar, took a walk and spoke to their girlfriend on the phone, according to the lawsuits filed by the victims and interviews with investigators. Cumby reunited with their cousins as a large group of men, led by Billingsley, allegedly bore down on them and instigated a fight, according to a civil suit.
Cumby was knocked unconscious, suffered loosened teeth and had their leg broke in the altercation. The Ligon brothers were also beaten after Jackie began exchanging blows with the men to defend their brother, according to their account.
The fight prompted a 911 call but did not immediately prompt an extensive investigation. The initial police report, filed by Officer Darren Nguyen, did not mention the alleged role of off-duty officers in the fight, described the victims as "uncooperative" and understated the extent of Cumby's injuries.
After Cumby filed a citizen's complaint in May of 2015, the police department's Major Crimes Unit launched a criminal investigation. The Hampden District Attorney's Office announced it would not file charges in February of 2016, saying that while the Ligons, Cumby and Cintron were victims, their identifications of their attackers were not clear enough to stand up in court.
Russia will impose without hesitation symmetrical measures against the United States if it were to limit the travel radius of Russian diplomats in the country, Andrei Klimov, the head of the commission on state sovereignty protection of the Russian Federation Council, told Sputnik on Monday.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Earlier in the day, the Izvestia newspaper reported, citing diplomatic sources, that the United States was considering limiting the range of movement of Russian diplomats from 25 miles to 10 to 15 miles. Moreover, every Russian diplomat would be obliged to notify the State Department three days prior if they intended to travel outside their posting for greater distance.
“In case of such limitations, Russia will give a mirror response without hesitation. The political leadership of the country will make the decision, there are different ways to react, but in this case there most likely will be such response measures,” Klimov said.
© Sputnik/ Alexei Kudenko US Refused Setting Up Fourth Consulate General in Russia a While Ago – Moscow
In December, then US President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats and banned Russia from accessing two of its diplomatic compounds. The decision came as a response to Russia's alleged interference in the US election, which Moscow has repeatedly denied. In late July, Russia responded with calling on the United States to cut down the number of diplomats and technical staff of diplomatic missions in Russia to 455 people, cutting it by 755 people, on par with Russia's diplomatic representation in the United States, by September 1.
On August 7, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that Washington would take retaliatory measures against Russia's move to reduce the US diplomatic mission in Moscow by September 1.
Marty Hurney has learned some things since their last time around as the general manager of the Carolina Panthers. This older, wiser version of Hurney has done a solid job of guiding the team in their second tenure so far.
However, the true test of an executive comes in the NFL draft.
On that account, Hurney has some ideas about how to tweak their strategy for finding quality prospects in the early rounds.
According to Bryan Strickland at the team website, Hurney says he's thinking about maintaining a best-player-available approach even into the second and third round as opposed to drafting for need as they had in the past.
We might have leaned toward need more (in the past), but if you keep that first-round philosophy (of the best available player) in the second and third rounds, then you'd like your top three-round picks to come in and if they don't start in their first year at least fill a role and contribute. Keeping that philosophy after the first round – that's something I've been going through in my mind.
While the Panthers have plenty of rosters needs to fill, this is an ideal draft class to stick with a BPA plan.
Related 4 offensive line prospects for the Panthers after Round 1
More than 100 people gathered at Mead Farm, one of the original East Rockingham settlement properties and the developing home of Peel Riding for the Disabled, to celebrate the opening of the club's outdoor arena last week.
Baldivis MLA Reece Whitby, Tourism Minister Paul Papalia, City of Kwinana Mayor Carol Adams and councillor Sandra Lee and representatives from the Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions joined volunteers in exploring the proposed site layout and homestead surrounds.
Representatives from Woolworths in Armadale, Baldivis, Harrisdale, Harvest Lake, Kwinana, Southern River and Wellard were also present for the opening of the arena, for which they had raised funds.
Last year Peel RDA received $750,000 under the State Government's Local Projects, Local Jobs program for the project.
The money, which will be distributed over three years, will help the group establish a long-term home base and transform the dilapidated homestead, Lealholm into a centrepiece of the property.
On display at the opening were plans and artists' drawings for the restoration of the homestead.
Peel RDA volunteer co-ordinator for Mead Farm Kristin Hosken said planning had begun for the start of the carriage program on-site later this year as soon as approvals and facilities were in place.
“As funding becomes available, horse fencing and caretaking arrangements will be finalised,” they said.
“During this development phase, our ‘weed warriors' welcome help to change years of neglect into a property that complements our beautiful bushland surroundings.”
Mr Papalia said the group had deserved an established home base for many years and it was very gratifying to support a worthy group which delivered vital services to people in Rockingham, Kwinana, Mandurah and as far away as Serpentine. “Peel RDA is doing wonderful work to restore this heritage cottage for the entire community,” they said.
“The end result could see a brilliant new venue for weddings or other significant events and/or a new hospitality site, as well as local tourist attraction.
“I am hoping Peel RDA can recreate the original purpose of Riding for Disabled, which was established after World War I to treat what was then termed ‘shell-shocked' veterans. I would love to see a walking with horses program delivering support to thousands of young veterans who suffer from PTSD.” Peel RDA hopes to host a public open day at Mead Farm on May 6.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 3:08 am |
People walk past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Monday. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian stocks bounced on Monday after three straight losing sessions, tracking a firmer Wall Street, while the dollar was capped by tensions on the Korean peninsula and doubts that the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates again this year.
Spreadbetters expected the upward momentum for equities to continue in Europe, forecasting Britain's FTSE to open 0.2 percent higher, Germany's DAX to start 0.25 percent higher and France's CAC to open up 0.3 percent.
U.S. stock futures rose 0.3 percent, suggesting a higher open later in the day.
Asian markets were largely unfazed by a slew of activity data from China which was softer than forecast, though still largely solid.
The world's second-largest economy had been widely expected to lose a bit of steam in coming months after a surprisingly strong first half. But economists do not expect a hard landing, with the government keen to ensure stability ahead of a Communist Party leadership reshuffle in the autumn.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.8 percent. It had lost 3 percent over the previous three sessions as tensions escalated between the United States and North Korea.
Australian stocks rose 0.75 percent and South Korea's KOSPI climbed 0.6 percent.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng was up 0.9 percent and Shanghai added 0.7 percent.
Geopolitical risks were expected to remain a key theme for the global markets in the near term, as North Korea celebrates Liberation Day on Tuesday to mark the end of Japanese rule.
Investors also braced for tensions ahead of Aug. 21, when an annual joint U.S.-South Korean military exercise is due to begin.
“Due to caution towards a further escalation in tensions over North Korea, U.S. yields and equities are expected to decline and the yen is likely keep appreciating this week,” said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
Japan's Nikkei bucked the trend and fell 1 percent as a stronger yen overshadowed much better-than-expected second-quarter economic growth.
“Once geopolitical risks settled down, investors will likely revisit the fact that Japan's fundamentals are strong,” said Hikaru Sato, a senior technical analyst at Daiwa Securities.
The three major U.S. stocks indexes snapped three days of losses and ended higher on Friday, as investors bet on slower U.S. rate hikes following weaker-than-expected consumer price data. But gains were muted by increasingly aggressive exchanges between Washington and Pyongyang.
U.S. Treasury yields, which already declined on the North Korean concerns, fell further on Friday on the soft U.S. consumer prices data. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield touched 2.182 percent on Friday, its lowest since late June, before pulling back a little to 2.204 percent on Monday.
Friday's data showed the U.S. consumer price index edged up just 0.1 percent last month after it was unchanged in June. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI rising 0.2 percent in July.
The dollar index against a basket of six major currencies crawled up 0.1 percent to 93.145 after it slipped about 0.4 percent on Friday.
The greenback rose 0.4 percent to 109.585 yen after slipping to 108.720 on Friday, its weakest since April 20.
The yen showed little reaction to second-quarter gross domestic product data which revealed that the economy expanded for a sixth straight quarter led by private consumption and capital expenditure.
While growth was faster than expected, accelerating to a 4.0 percent annualized rate, it is not expected to nudge the Bank of Japan into dismantling its massive stimulus program any time soon, as inflation remains stubbornly weak.
The euro was flat at $1.1815.
Crude oil prices dipped following data showing a slowdown in Chinese refining activity growth.
Brent was 9 cents lower at $52.01 a barrel.
Gold hovered near a two-month high, benefiting from the U.S.-North Korean tensions and Friday's weak U.S. inflation data. The dollar's recent weakness was also seen to be helping gold.
Spot gold was a shade lower at $1,287.51 an ounce after reaching $1,291.86 on Friday, its highest level since June 7.
Other precious metals such as silver and platinum were also buoyant.
Looking for a new ride? Then check out the great selection of used vehicles on display at Unlimited Auto Mart in Falmouth!
Specializing in only the best used cars, trucks and motorcycles at affordable prices, Unlimited Auto Mart is sure to have something to fit your style and budget.
ATVs will be added to the selection of great deals in the near future.
Owner/operator Bill Jolley, formerly of Jolley's Auto Sales, brings fair deals, a good sales reputation, and over 20 years of experience in the business to the table.
“Buy here, pay here” not available but financing can be obtained through local banks and financial institutions.
“There is a huge need for good quality cars and bikes in the Pendleton County and Northern Kentucky area. My love and passion for the two ultimately led me to this new yet very familiar business venture. I encourage everyone to stop by and check out the wide selection on display. There are all models of cars and trucks and a variety of different bikes,” said Jolley.
Unlimited Auto Mart is located at 166 Ridgeway Avenue (old Dollar General Store), in Falmouth, Ky.
If you have questions or for more information, call 859-380-5387.
A grand opening will be announced at a later date.
Bolton v Leeds
Bolton takes on Leeds on Sunday 6th August, 2017, with kickoff at 16:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports.
Both of these sides have a bit of history to think on when the nights are cold and the trophies a long way away, but this term it's all about trying to get out of the Championship and back into the big time, where we are constantly being told the money is very, very good. Leeds need some money, and have for years, but they have looked like they might be good enough to make the jump of late too.
Whoever wins still has 45 matches to go, but starting with three points is never a bad thing.
Bolton v Leeds is LIVE on Sky Sports.
A militant group in the Niger Delta region known as the Adaka Boro Avengers (ABA), has called on the group managing director of NNPC, Maikanti Baru, to apologize to the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Ibe Kachikwu for disrespecting them and their office.
The group in a statement released today by their spokesperson, General Edmos Ayayeibo, said that if Baru fails to apologize to Kachikwu, they would resume the vandalization of pipelines located at Bonny, Nembe and Forcados trunk lines.
The group demanded that Baru should tender an open apology to Kachikwu and also drop their appointees on the NNPC board within two weeks. According to the group, the oil sector does not belong to the Fulanis.
"Nigeria's oil sector doesn't belong to the Fulani alone. It belongs to every citizen in this country. The Nigeria unity has broken and the center can not hold again" they said.
The group also called on President Buhari to immediately restructure the country and find ways of delivering on all their electoral promises.
"It as come to our notice that president Muhammadu Buhari, and their All Progressives Congress led administration doesn't care about the unity of Nigeria.
We expected the number one citizen of this country to address the issues affecting every region of Nigeria on independence day, rather, they aggravated the relative peace in the various regions, especially in the Niger Delta.
President Muhammadu Buhari speaks to the country as if we are in a military dictatorship. We voted for them not to blame PDP, but to do what they were promising the people of Nigeria during their campaign, tagged Change.
The US was the first country to send a manned spacecraft on the surface of the Moon.
Donald Trump is set to sign "Space Policy Directive 1," ordering NASA to lead a space exploration program aimed at sending US astronauts back to the Moon and eventually to Mars, White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said Monday.
"He will change our nation's human spaceflight policy to help America become the driving force for the space industry, gain new knowledge from the cosmos, and spur incredible technology," Gidley said in a statement.
According to the spokesperson, the move was prompted by recommendations from the National Space Council.
MOLINE, Ill. (Feb. 14, 2017) — To commemorate 50 years of the articulated motor grader at CONEXPO-CON/AGG in Las Vegas, John Deere will display a restored JD570 model that was reconditioned by two retired John Deere Dubuque Works employees, Don Bagby and Jerry Bode. Introduced in 1967, the JD570 pioneered many of the innovations and developments seen on motor graders today, including articulated frame steering, hydraulically controlled machine functions and the rollover protective structure (ROPS).
“While we often focus on the present and future of equipment at CONEXPO/CON-AGG, we wanted to tip our cap to the JD570 and the role it played in the evolution of motor grader development,” said Luke Kurth, product marketing manager, motor graders, John Deere Construction & Forestry. “The JD570 is a true testament of innovation and durability, and we can thank it for many of the features we see on our G-Series motor graders today.”
Prior to the JD570 introduction, graders of the time were straight-frame machines with solid rear axles and typically only featured front-axle steering that led to poor maneuverability. The addition of frame articulation enabled operators to work more efficiently, especially in confined areas, than any previously built grader. Its steering methods enabled operators to “crab steer,” allowing for completely new uses. The grader's front wheels could be articulated to move on slopes, on windrows and in ditches, while the back wheels stayed on solid footing.
An immense effort went into the design and development of the saddle as well. The result was a design that would allow the operator to place the blade into a 90-degree bank, or any other banking position, in less than one minute without leaving the operator's seat. The saddle was secured to the mainframe with a unique tapered-pin design that was held into engagement by hydraulic pressure — also a grader industry first.
The JD570 was also the first grader, and possibly the first piece of construction equipment, to have a cab and canopy with the integral ROPS available from the factory. The year prior to its development, John Deere introduced the first commercially available ROPS for farm tractors and subsequently shared the patent for this important safety feature with the industry at no charge.
The 83-horsepower motor grader incorporated a power shift transmission with eight forward and four reverse speeds, with a top speed of 21 mph. The innovative machine came equipped with a 12-foot moldboard and a 17-foot, 4-inch wheelbase and weighed in at 20,278 pounds. It also had a turning radius of just 18 feet. Production of the JD570 ran until 1971, when it was updated to the “A” series. The power train configuration became the foundation of John Deere graders up until 1997. The machine also was the first motor grader to be compatible with snow wings.
We've put together this handy guide to cover “rent vs. lease vs. buy” questions. Included are three decision trees along with a recap of pros and cons of each option. How to Choose Between Rent vs. Buy. Download it now!
To learn more, visit the JD570 display at CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2017, March 7 – 11, 2017, at booth N12525. Show attendees will also have the opportunity to purchase a commemorative 50th anniversary golden 872GP scale model.
Hot Sheet: Digital Demand Jan. 23 to 29, 2018-Star Trek: Discovery tops the charts, with CTV's Cardinal taking the #10 spot.
The Digital Demand Hot Sheets do not reflect views on proprietary SVODs like Netflix, CraveTV or Amazon Prime. The shows listed have been ranked using Parrot Analytics' global measurement standard, Demand Expressions, which measures demand and engagements through tracking of file-sharing and P2P platforms, social media chatter on sites like Facebook, Twitter and Tumblr, and other online engagement. The content is weighted by importance. For example, a video stream is scored higher than a like on social media.
From Parrot Analytics, the top streaming shows for the week of Jan. 23 to 29.
VIEW PDF HERE
VIEW PDF HERE
The procedure, created by Congress in 2011, resembles a trial in federal court but is conducted by an executive-branch agency.
Supporters say it helps combat “patent trolls,” or companies that obtain patents not to use them but to demand royalties and sue for damages.
Opponents say the procedure violates the Constitution by usurping the role of the federal courts, violating the separation of powers and denying patent holders the right to a jury trial.
By a 7-to-2 vote, the Supreme Court ruled that the procedure was a permissible way for the agency that administers patents to fix its mistakes.
Stephanie Martz, general counsel of the National Retail Federation, said the court's ruling was “a major step toward stopping patent trolls and their attempts to commit extortion against retailers and other businesses that have done nothing wrong.”
“Making it clear that many cases can and should be resolved by fixing patents at the patent office rather than rushing to court to sue for infringement makes it much easier for our members to fight patent trolls,” Martz said in a statement.
But Adam Mossoff, a law professor at George Mason University, said in a statement that the Supreme Court had taken a wrong turn.
The decision, they said, “destabilizes the foundation that patents provide to the U.S. innovation economy, as stable and effective property rights are the necessary platform from which inventors, venture capitalists and companies create the new products and services that have made life a modern miracle.”
The case grew out of a dispute involving Oil States Energy Services, which owned a patent for protecting wellhead equipment during hydraulic fracturing while drilling for oil. A competitor, Greene's Energy Group, successfully challenged the patent under the procedure, called “inter partes” review, which is Latin for “between the parties.”
An administrative tribunal created by the 2011 law, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, ruled that the patent was invalid. According to a brief filed by the federal government, the tribunal had, as of July, canceled all or part of more than 1,300 patents.
Oil States appealed its administrative loss to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which is part of the judicial branch, arguing that its constitutional rights had been violated by the tribunal procedure. The appeals court rejected the arguments.
On Tuesday, the Supreme Court agreed.
“This court has recognized, and the parties do not dispute, that the decision to grant a patent is a matter involving public rights — specifically, the grant of a public franchise,” Justice Clarence Thomas wrote for the majority. “Inter partes review is simply a reconsideration of that grant.”
Justices Anthony Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Samuel Alito, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan joined the majority decision.
Thomas wrote that it was irrelevant that the administrative proceedings resembled an adjudication.
“This court has never adopted a ‘looks like' test to determine if an adjudication has improperly occurred outside” a federal court created by Article III of the Constitution, they wrote. “The fact that an agency uses court-like procedures does not necessarily mean it is exercising the judicial power.”
In dissent, Justice Neil Gorsuch said the majority had done damage to the power and independence of the federal judiciary.
“Until recently, most everyone considered an issued patent a personal right — no less than a home or farm — that the federal government could revoke only with the concurrence of independent judges,” they wrote. “But in the statute before us Congress has tapped an executive agency, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, for the job.”
“Supporters say this is a good thing because the Patent Office issues too many low-quality patents; allowing a subdivision of that office to clean up problems after the fact, they assure us, promises an efficient solution,” they wrote.
“And, no doubt, dispensing with constitutionally prescribed procedures is often expedient. Whether it is the guarantee of a warrant before a search, a jury trial before a conviction — or, yes, a judicial hearing before a property interest is stripped away — the Constitution's constraints can slow things down.”
Chief Justice John Roberts joined Gorsuch's dissent in the case, Oil States Energy Services v. Greene's Energy Group, No. 16-712.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times.
ADAM LIPTAK © 2018 The New York Times
Bristol City suffered their first defeat of the season on Saturday but things could have been so different if the Robins had taken their chances.
The visitors hit the woodwork three times and had some 25 shots on goal, but could only find the net once, with the home side winning after Jacques Maghoma rifled in in the 71st minute.
And following the game Blues boss Harry Redknapp talked up both Bristol City and counterpart Lee Johnson.
(Image: Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images)
"I think they're an excellent team - I saw them against FC Twente in pre-season and I was really impressed. I came back and said 'some of the football they played was incredible'," said Redknapp following the game.
"They're a team that's been built up over time. They've got strength in depth - they've got options everywhere: four centre-halves, strikers, lots of options...
"They're a good team but we beat them in the end," they said.
"First half I thought they were better than us. We had to hang in there - I just wanted to get to half time.
"They [the Robins] were playing through us and around us in the first half... We couldn't get near them. We thought we'd thicken up the midfield with another midfield player, and I thought it worked," they said, referring to bringing on former Robin David Cotterill late in the game.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Responding to a question from the Bristol Post on Cotterill, the 70-year-old manager denied that the former Ashton Gate loanee had been chosen due to being motivated to play against their former side.
"He's been okay to be fair, he's worked hard in training, they were on the bench today and I looked at the bench and I haven't got a lot of strength in depth and I had no strikers on the bench.
And told that they impressed Harry Redknapp - who interrupted the after-match press conference to make sure they could chat with Lee Johnson after the game - Johnson laughed, following the defeat at St Andrew's.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
"Listen, he's walked away with the three points... I know we're a good side and it's a tough league," responded the City boss.
Bristol City now head back on the road to take on Brentford on Tuesday evening.
Staff Reporter
Chief Minister Punjab's Strategic Reform Unit (SRU) is playing a significant role in changing outdated laws to protect women's rights.
Talking to media here on Wednesday, SRU Director General Salam Sufi said that Pakistani society had great potential of change. There is a need to make consecutive efforts to exploit this potential and SRU is committed to do so, they added.
They said that SRU had got the law to control violence against women passed from the assembly by successfully doing advocacy for it. They said that some people initially opposed this law without even reading it. “We engaged Ulema from all schools of thought and other people and convinced them about this law and its importance.
They said ultimately SRU succeeded in its point of view and the law was passed. Sufi said that effort of SRU was acknowledged not only in the country but also in abroad and they were awarded with a “Voices of Solidarity Award”. This award has so far been given to only 5, 0r 6 people in the world.
Responding to a question about soft image of Pakistan, they said that there was a need to highlight true image of Pakistan. Pakistan is a peace loving country. They said that there are many other countries where incidents of violence against women are much more than Pakistan but they are not highlighted in the media like Pakistan.
“The rate of crimes against women in America and Europe are much more than Pakistan but the way of reporting there is different”, they added. They said: “In Pakistan if some incident of violence against women is committed the whole country or the whole society is blamed and it is projected that such acts are a routine in Pakistan which is totally wrong and an act against Pakistan”.
They said that the misreporting is playing very serious role in making bad image of our country. There is no logic of engaging whole society for an act of individual or of few persons. Quoting examples of Mukhataran Mai and Qandeel Balouch, they said that the violence against them was individual act and it should be taken as it was.
Private Eye editor Ian Hislop is a recognisable face on our TV screens. They talk to Chris Bond about the election, Donald Trump and why satire can still pack a punch.
As well as eliciting a sharp intake of breath, last week's shock general election result had political pundits and pollsters frantically trying to fathom out how, and why, they had got it so wrong. Again.
Ian Hislop, seen here in Sheffield last year, says satire remains important today. (YPN).
Perhaps Michael Gove was right after all when they opined during last year's fractious Brexit campaign that people in this country “have had enough of experts”.
The irony's not lost on Private Eye editor Ian Hislop. “I had to admit that I seemed to know as little about what was going on as everybody else,” they say, with a self-deprecating chuckle. “It's the third time now that those in the know proved to know nothing at all.”
Even so, on reflection they feel it was a positive result. “I think it was the British public saying they don't like being told what to do. During the last couple of years I've been saying to people that I'm not predicting anything because you just don't know. I think what happened this time was ‘Project Fear' ran out of steam. People do get bored of being afraid.”
He's critical of the way much of the mainstream press covered the election and feels they aren't serving their readership. “They've got to do better. I'm a great champion of print but it's no good saying ‘no one buys newspapers', because you just want to say ‘well, look at them'.
“They kept saying that if you vote the wrong way you have no idea what is going to happen and people's reaction was ‘well, no we don't'. And I think that's the overall lesson. People like Lynton Crosby and the theorists of how you win elections were wrong.”
During the election, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn attracted huge crowds on the campaign trail just as their predecessor Michael Foot did back in 1983, when they gave rousing speeches in front of 30,000 people at rallies. The difference this time was that Corbyn fared much better.
“Michael Foot kept saying they were bound to win because of the number of people turning out. I can't remember who it was but one of their colleagues said to him, ‘yes Michael, but the people who don't turn out are at home watching the television and they don't like you very much', and they were right.”
Equally, despite proving their critics wrong and performing far better at the ballot box than had been predicted, Corbyn still lost. “You can get overexcited if you look at the actual vote. Corbyn did much better than anyone thought they would but it wasn't enough to win and in terms of numbers it's no better than a number of their predecessors who weren't given accolades.”
That said they believe the election marks a real shift in the political balance of power, particularly towards younger voters. “I don't want to patronise young people but I'm on record as saying ‘you didn't vote on Brexit and the big losers there are you, so next time there's a vote why not go out and do it,' and they did.
“Fifty seven percent of the population goes to university now and they're aware of what's going on, and they are looking at Brexit and thinking ‘this is a terrible idea for us'.”
They say one of the most interesting aspects of the election was the blind tasting of manifestos. “If you read things like nationalisation of the railways and interfering with the energy market, many people would have thought these were good ideas and might well have thought this was the Tory manifesto, it wasn't clear.
“The Tory ideas about shifting wealth from the older generation to the younger generation in any other circumstances would have been quite brave, but in this case was bloody stupid.”
Hislop is best known for being a team captain, along with Paul Merton, on the BBC's long running and hugely popular satirical news quiz Have I Got News For You, and they were in Sheffield this week discussing the role of satire and ‘post-truth' with Jolyon Rubinstein, co-creator of the satirical TV show The Revolution Will Be Televised, as part of Sheffield Doc/Fest.
Much has been made about satire and whether in the so-called ‘post truth' era, a phrase used to try and capture the gut-instinct, anti-establishment politics that swept Donald Trump and Brexit supporters to victory, it still packs a punch.
Hislop is unequivocal in their conviction that it does. “If no one knows what's going on then it means there's more to say. You have to work harder and you have to find the targets but periods of change like this are usually good for satire.”
This is backed up by the fact that Private Eye's UK sales are at an all-time high, up 25 per cent compared to five years ago, which they put down to the Brexit vote and Donald Trump becoming US President. “The reaction to their win has been pretty sensational. Most mainstream TV channels have got a satire show on that's really good. Sometimes Saturday Night Live is really good and sometimes it's terrible. At the moment it's great and it hit a nerve.
“Donald Trump doesn't tweet late at night about how awful the Democrats are, they don't care. What they hate is Saturday Night Live because it makes their own supporters think they might be an idiot and if he's an idiot then they are for voting for him, and that hurts - that's when satire gets useful.”
As well as holding those in power to account, they say that the job of satirists is to act as curators in helping to bring attention to news and stories that might have slipped under the radar. “It's about focusing on a story that a lot of the time may not be hugely interesting or may seem complicated and framing it in a way that's funny and that's one of the things satire can do.”
People often hark back to a supposedly golden era of satire during the Sixties and shows like Beyond The Fringe and That Was The Week That Was and their brand of anti-establishment comedy.
But Hislop doesn't buy into this. “People are very nostalgic and the older I get the more obvious it is. I hear young people talking about Spitting Image and saying how extraordinary it is. I look back having written on the first series and at the time I thought it was terrible and wondered was anyone actually watching? So I'm careful about looking back through rose tints.”
At the same time, though, they believe that satire has something worthwhile to say about society. “It might go in and out of fashion, but I don't think it goes away. I don't want to overstate its importance but I do think it's a very useful way of looking at the world.”
They mention the DUP whose leaders are finalising the details of an agreement with Theresa May to help prop up their minority government. “People say ‘oh, they're the unionists.' No, there used to be unionists who were in the middle, the DUP are the ones on the right. It's a different lot, this gang.
“So a bit of historical memory mixed with the idea of finding things funny rather than scary... I think there's still something to be said for that.”
Great British satire at its best
There have been some terrific satirical TV shows over the years, here are three of the best:
Yes, Minister - Witty, clever and brilliantly subversive, it pitted the hapless Jim Hacker (Paul Eddington) against their Permanent Secretary, Sir Humphrey Appleby (Nigel Hawthorne) with Bernard Woolley, played by Derek Fowlds, stuck in the middle.
Spitting Image - At its peak, the show pulled in 15 million viewers who tuned in to see politicians and celebrities routinely cut down to size.
The Thick of It - Created by Armando Iannucci it has been described as the 21st century's answer to Yes Minister. In Malcolm Tucker, played to perfection by Peter Capaldi, it had one of the greatest all-time TV characters.
The man who taught thousands of kids -- and adults -- about grammar and math through song has died.Bob Dorough, the creator of 'Schoolhouse Rock' passed away at age 94.His granddaughter Corin Wolf didn't disclose their exact cause of death but told CNN that Dorough was diagnosed with cancer last year.From "Conjunction, Junction," to "I'm Just a Bill," Dorough's upbeat tunes helped educate thousands of viewers about simple math functions, rules of grammar and the legislative process.'Schoolhouse Rock' songs premiered in 1973 and ran on ABC from 12 years. The show came back on air in the 1990s for five more years. Today, the songs live on in YouTube videos -- some with millions of views.Dorough, a jazz pianist and vocalist, wrote their first 'Schoolhouse Rock' tune after a New York advertising executive approached them in 1971. The executive said their sons couldn't multiply and asked Dorough to set the multiplication tables to music.Dorough ended up writing "Three's a Magic Number." Many others followed.Dorough believed the songs resonated with so many because, "even though they were in a 'rock' or 'pop' bag, my jazz sensibilities and the fine musicians I used for the audio recordings made the songs seem unusual to the Saturday morning cartoon listener," they told CNN in 2013.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull still hasn't bothered to pick up the phone and check how Darwin is managing post-Cyclone Marcus.
Today, 20 schools in the Greater Darwin area remain closed due to power outages and safety concerns, and public servants are slowly returning to work.
Power and Water has returned services to more than 21,000 homes, but 7448 are still without power.
Despite the widespread chaos, Mr Turnbull has not contacted Chief Minister Micheal Gunner to offer support or financial aid.
“I have heard from Bill (Shorten) — they gave the best to the people of Darwin and Palmerston — I haven't heard from the Prime Minister yet,” Mr Gunner said yesterday.
“I spoke to Jay Weatherill today who passed on their best wishes, too — we've got 140 army engineers on board and several hundred infantrymen coming on later which will be very helpful.”
OPINION: “We're fine thanks, PM”
The NT News understands Mr Gunner contacted Federal Defence Minister Marise Payne himself, to say thanks for the support of the Australian Army, and discuss potential additional resources.
Mr Gunner dodged questions about if they were worried about the lack of communication from the Federal Government. “I've just been getting on with it,” they said.
NT Emergency Services chief officer Jason Collins said the clean-up of trees would take “weeks if not months”.
“We are still in an emergency situation,” they said.
“We need people to be patient with that.”
Mr Collins reminded people to take care on the roads, as there was still a lot of debris around.
“We want people to make sure they have been restocking their cyclone kits.”
Mr Collins said the team was doing everything it could to make sure there were no residual impacts from Cyclone Marcus.
There have been no injuries or deaths from Cyclone Marcus.
Federal Country Liberal senator Nigel Scullion said the ADF, Army, Navy and Air Force was on the ground ready to assist.
“As the Chief Minister knows, these longstanding arrangements can be activated at the request of the Northern Territory Government through the normal processes. This situation is no different,” they said.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 per cent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defence.
The Orange shot under 40 per cent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 per cent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defence (37.7 per cent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offence and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot they attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and they swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 per cent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
USA TODAY/ AP:
A Massachusetts museum dedicated to Dr. Seuss says it will replace a mural featuring a Chinese character from one of their books after three authors said they would boycott an event due to the “jarring racial stereotype.”
The mural features illustrations from the author's first children's book, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street.
The museum, which is located in the author's hometown of Springfield, said Thursday that the mural will be replaced by images from later books.
Three children's authors declined an invitation to the museum's inaugural Children's Literature Festival, which was set for Oct. 14 before being canceled. After the museum offered to take down the mural, the authors said they would attend, but the museum has not said if the festival is back on.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
An engine is a fairly stout piece of machinery. It has to be strong, seeing as it's a container for the explosions that occur constantly when your car is running. It's those explosions that create the power to move your vehicle. Fluids run through your engine to help keep the explosions happening efficiently, too, and they must be contained as well. So it's no surprise that an engine would put up a fight if you tried to cut it in half.
The YouTube channel "What's Inside" got a hold of an inline 4-cylinder engine and did what it does best: set out to cut it in half. More 600 million views show that people are interested in seeing things cut open to examine the internals. An engine is perfect for such a channel, but cleaving it in twain isn't an easy task.
That is, unless you have friends with access to industrial saws and presses.
The first four minutes of the video above are essentially a commercial for Mobil 1 Annual Protection motor oil. Skip that part to get to the good stuff. That's when the saws and presses come into play.
The engine puts up a hearty fight, as the stronger material used for the pistons chews up three saw blades. Once the engine is almost entirely cut in half, the team has to resort to wedging it farther apart using a heavy press. Finally, there's a bit of tubing holding it all together. Once that is cut, the whole gives way to two halves.
You get a good view of the cross-section of the combustion chamber, and you see that the crankshaft has been cut right in half as well. These guys don't know a lot about the internals of an engine, but we get to see a cool cutaway view and the path that oil takes when poured in from the top.
It's sad to see an engine go to waste, but at least they did it with a 4-cylinder and not a V-8.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Staff Reporter
With Eidul Fitr around the corner, many police personnel have entitled themselves to money that they extort from shopkeepers in the name of Eidi. One such incident was witnessed at Iqbal Market in Orangi Town. A CCTV camera footage shows two uniformed police personnel taking money from a shopkeeper. They took away Rs1,500 reportedly extorted as Eidi. After the CCTV footage surfaced, Orangi SP Abid Ali Baloch sprung into action, starting an investigation into the issue. Subsequently, both the personnel were suspended. According to the SP, both the personnel , Ijaz and Naseemuddin , were deployed at the market police station and were identified with the help of the CCTV footage. They added a departmental inquiry has been initiated against the police officers. This is not the first incident reported in the city. The system of personnel taking money from shopkeepers and drivers as ‘Eidi' becomes active every year when the festival is approaching. The custom exists in other parts of the country as well.
Government forces and their allies advanced Monday in the central province of Hama under the cover of intense airstrikes, approaching the outskirts of a rebel-held town a day after capturing a strategic town from opposition fighters and militants, Syria's state media and opposition activists said. ABCnews 3:01:00 PM CEST
After an incredibly crowd-pleasing reunion at Ultra Music Festival: Miami back in March of this year, any sign of new music or future reunions from Swedish House Mafia makes our heart beat a little too fast.
While Axwell Λ Ingrosso have been doing pretty well and making a name for themselves, we miss that signature Mafia sound!
Their billboard was set up to promote their new track "Dancing Alone" which features RØMANS who has produced songs such as Ella Mai's "Breakfast In Bed" and "Makes Me Wonder," Jonas Blue's "Mama," and Demi Lovato's latest single "Sober" to just name a few.
Check out the billboard here which displayed the "Dancing Alone" artwork but then showed an error message flashing those unmistakeable Swedish House Mafia white dots.
"Dancing Alone" also happens to have a very, very, Swedish House Mafia sound to it. Listen to it and see for yourself:
What do you think! Could the guys of SHM be reuniting?
Android icons have always been a mess. Adaptive icons want to fix that.
Android is an open system, and it's a diverse system, especially when it comes to its apps and their icons. Some icons are lifted straight from the iOS versions of the same app. Some icons have unique and fun shapes. Some icons are completely flat, while others have deep drop shadows. Your app drawer on Android can look like a bit of a design style melting pot, and with Android O's Adaptive Icons, Google wants to fix it — again.
This is the second year in a row that Google has refocused efforts to standardize and fix app icons in a new version of Android, but what exactly are these new Adaptive Icons? And will this succeed where previous efforts have failed?
Fixing Android Icons, Take 3
Let us begin with Google's previous attempts to fix Android's app icon problem. Google tried to bring some order to icons with Material Design, including a new template and list of guidelines for creating app icons. Google went even further last year with Android Nougat, pushing app developers to include a round icon in addition to their regular icon in an effort to achieve icon uniformity, at least on their own Google Pixel and other devices running Android 7.1.
This year's solution is Adaptive Icons. Adaptive Icons are a new way of formatting and submitting app icons so that they can be cut down into a variety of shapes depending on the device or launcher a person is using. This means that instead of your Google icons looking one way, your Samsung apps looking another way, and your third party apps being a mess, everything should be consistently shaped and there's even a chance for your app icons to animate in interesting ways.
How Adaptive Icons adapt to their devices
This is how it's supposed to look.
Developers submit Adaptive Icons in two layers, a transparent foreground layer and a solid background layer, which are then cut into shape by the launcher. By submitting an icon in two layers, developers can play with their icons and enable neat light and depth effects based on the way the two app icon layers interact and animate. These effects and the attention they can draw to an app are the carrot for developers. The stick is that if your app doesn't submit an Adaptive Icon while targeting Android O, you get your icon scaled down to fit inside the same mask the Adaptive Icons are using.
These effects and the attention they can draw to an app are the carrot. The shrinking of unthemed icons is the stick.
Manufacturers like Samsung have been skinning apps and sticking them inside their ugly, ugly icon pack masks for years now. It's not hard to see them jumping on Adaptive Icons in order to get some clean uniformity on their devices without being stuck only with the shape Google picked. Samsung can stick with those gag-worthy squircles and LG can use squares and HTC can use hexagons to be different. No matter the shape the manufacturer chooses, the background won't be plain white or some god-awful shade of teal; the background will be that background layer the app developer submitted.
Will it work this time?
Adaptive Icons have the potential to shake up Android home screens, app drawers, and Android theming in a lot of really fun ways. Users won't have to use an icon pack to get some consistency in their app drawer; manufacturers can keep their own style while keeping things even; and developers won't have to worry about their icon being shrunk and shoved into awkward, off-color masks. As a themer, I can only imagine what third-party launchers and icon pack makers could do with Adaptive Icon icon packs.
As with the circular icons last year, the only way this solution works is if app developers decide to take the time to build a two-layer adaptive icon. If they don't, — well, there are always icon packs.
Some very ‘entertaining games' have been played in the latest rounds of Fort William's table tennis league recently.
In division two, Joe Robson faced newcomer Ritchie Cesnulaitis, the latter of whom put up a good fight, levelling the match at one game all before Joe took the third game 11-5. Ritchie then fought back but narrowly lost the fourth game 13-11 and thus the match 3-1.
Joe then played John Steele and, despite some tight games ensuing, Joe took all three games to win 3-0. Neil Cameron and Aileen McFadzean also faced each other, with Aileen coming out on top 3-0. They then played John Steele in another close-fought match where John narrowly lost the first two games 9-11, but then took the third game by the same score. Aileen, however, won the fourth game to record a 3-1 victory.
In division one, Steve Crook continued their unbeaten run by defeating John Grant 3-0.
John also played Monte Bleasdale and as usual provided a stern test for the Fort's number two, but despite losing the first two games and then pulling the score back to 1-2, Monte took the fourth game 11-7 to record a 3-1 victory.
Rapidly improving Fiona Clarke continued their impressive form as they recorded a 3-1 victory over Jim Hinchley.
The club is always on the look-out for new members. If you are interested, please see the club`s website tabletennisfortwilliam.org.uk.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Happy Tuesday, folks.
It's no Friday but it's a damn sight better than Monday - so celebrate with some racing.
There are meetings at Ayr, Lingfield and Wolverhampton to get your little red pens stuck into.
Our man Newsboy has cast their eye over the runners and riders to give you all the hottest tips.
Please gamble responsibly!
AYR
12.40 SAINT FREULE
1.10 ALFRED OATS
1.45 MASSIN'S LADY
2.20 UN NOBLE
2.55 CELTIC FLAME
3.25 STORM NELSON
LINGFIELD
11.30 MOTHER OF DRAGONS
12.00 ARCANISTA
12.30 MERDON CASTLE (NAP)
1.00 SHOW STEALER
1.35 COSMEAPOLITAN (NB)
2.10 SHAMSHON
2.45 LITTLE BOY BLUE
3.15 POWERFUL DREAM
WOLVERHAMPTON
3.50 FIKHAAR
4.20 FRENCH
4.50 VIA VERGLAS
5.20 SATCHVILLE FLYER
5.50 BOKETTO
6.20 UBLA
6.50 INAAM
7.20 DIBLOAM
HAMILTON, Bermuda—A Pennsylvania college student who disappeared following a rugby tournament in Bermuda was found dead Monday after an intensive search of the British island territory.
Searchers found the body of Mark Dombroski, 19, at the base of a colonial-era fort in a park not far from where they were last seen walking by themselves on CCTV footage, officials with the Bermuda Police Service said at a news conference.
A cause of death was not released but forensic experts were still processing the scene where their body was found and an autopsy was planned, said Acting Commissioner James Howard.
“Bermuda Police Service extends our heartfelt condolences to their family and friends,” Howard said after a day of searching that included local authorities, volunteers and Dombroski's family.
Dombroski was a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia and had come to Bermuda to compete in a tournament. They disappeared early Sunday, with video footage showing them walking alone and looking at their phone as they left a bar where their friends had gathered.
Former Rep. John Dingell, D-Dearborn, took to Twitter over the weekend to condemn the violence in Charlottesville, Va. (Photo: Max Ortiz / Detroit News file)
Former Rep. John Dingell, D-Dearborn, took to Twitter over the weekend to condemn the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"I signed up to fight Nazis 73 years ago and I'll do it again if I have to," Dingell, who holds the record of being the nation's longest-serving member of congress, tweeted Saturday. "Hatred, bigotry, & fascism should have no place in this country."
What happened yesterday was radical terrorism, @realDonaldTrump.
Refusal to identify it, denounce it, & fight it makes one complicit in it. — John Dingell (@JohnDingell) August 13, 2017
As of Monday morning, their tweet had 749,000 likes and 260,000 re-tweets.
The tweet refers to Saturday's incident during a protest of a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
A 20-year-old man is accused of driving their car into a crowd of protesters, killing one woman and injuring 19 others. Authorities have charged the suspect with second-degree murder.
On Sunday, Dingell followed up with a tweet criticizing the president for their silence on the incident.
"What happened yesterday was radical terrorism, @realDonaldTrump," Dingell's message said. "Refusal to identify it, denounce it, & fight it makes one complicit in it."
Sunday's tweet had 19,000 likes and nearly 7,000 re-tweets.
Dingell, who retired in 2015, served more than 60 years in Congress. The 91-year-old has become known for their sharp wit and take-downs on Twitter.
Earlier this month, they took a swing at President Donald Trump by posting a photo of then-President Richard Nixon's resignation letter to U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in 1974.
"43 years ago today," Dingell tweeted. "Concise and to the point. You could even fit it in a tweet, @realDonaldTrump."
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w3BhU8
April 3 SKI Corp
* Says it repurchased 12,500 shares for 7.2 million yen in total, from March 1 to March 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on Sept. 20, 2016
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 340,900 shares for 171.5 million yen in total as of March 31
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/AJkOul
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
From today people will be able to spend more time gazing at their phones while on hols rather than looking at the sights as roaming charges in EU countries are abolished.
Travellers can now call, text and use their mobile data at no extra cost, regardless of the EU country they're visiting.
But there appears to be some confusion as to which countries are affected, what the ultimate impact of Brexit will be and the extent of the overall cost savings.
Luca Schiavoni, senior analyst at Ovum, believes the benefit to consumers is less clear than it may first appear.
They said there will inevitably be some cost to operators. "So the prices of other services could go up to offset the revenue loss. Previously when charges decreased each year, operators put the price of non-EU countries up."
One case in point is the example of Giffgaff. Customers holidaying in tax havens such as the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man will be charged £1 per minute – up from the current 0.5p rate – as they they are non-EU countries.
The company said: "I know this isn't ideal for people who are going to areas... Unfortunately the costs just don't add up otherwise. It's a very delicate balancing act between how much benefit people get and whether it's something we can sustain."
Analyst firm Juniper Research has estimated that globally mobile operators made $21bn (£19.4bn) in 2016, with that figure expected to plummet to $12bn (£12.4bn) next year. In 2015 UK mobile operators made $3.8bn (£2.7bn) in roaming revenues, out of total sales of $26.3bn (£18.4bn).
It therefore seems likely that operators will hike their fees in some other way to offset this loss.
Windsor Holden, analyst at Juniper, said they may try and make it up in domestic tariffs or international calls. "If you look at operator margins, there has been a 1-2 per cent decrease per annum over the last five years, so they have been feeling the squeeze for sometime."
Virtual problems
There has also been concern that the changes will put small providers at a disadvantage. Mobile Virtual Network Operators may be in a weaker position to negotiate deals with operators in other countries because they don't have direct access to the spectrum.
"The fear is that to compensate when they can't negotiate a good deal they will become less competitive in the domestic market and respond by putting up prices elsewhere," said independent analyst Matt Howett. "While [today] looks set to be a day of celebration, this will be one area Brussels will be keeping a watchful eye on."
Representative body MVNO Europe said more needs to be done by the regulators to address these concerns. Vice-president Innocenzo Genna said it is not just the issue of a lack spectrum but MVNOs are frequently smaller, which makes it harder for them to compensate the costs compared with the larger operators.
"Reducing wholesale caps is a simple measure that works to enable all operators to compete," said Genna. "We are in favour of the Roam like Home, what we are objecting to is the mechanism, which creates an imbalance between big and small operators."
Au Revoir
The other big unknown, of course, is Brexit. "It is currently unclear how Brexit will play out, what it will mean. If the UK becomes non-EU country roaming could be unregulated in which case we are back to square one," said Schiavon.
However, Howett said if the UK remains in the single market, the changes to roaming will still apply. "The UK government's position prior to election didn't seem to favour staying in the EU, but after the results of the election, that may change. The UK was one of the driving forces behind this legislation, so I would imagine there is a strong political will to ensure it continues."
But it also appears that Brexit talks are also bewildering Brits, with 25 per cent believing that the UK isn't part of the European Union, according to a survey of 2,000 consumers by Carphone Warehouse about the roaming fees.
(This confusion stretches into culture too, with 12 per cent thinking that only countries in the EU can compete in the Eurovision Song Contest.)
A number of the good folk of Blighty are also a little hazy as to which countries are in the EU – Norway (35 per cent), Switzerland (31 per cent) and Iceland (27 per cent) top the list for European countries incorrectly thought to be members.
And even for those who are more up to speed on their geopolitical geography, from August it will cost more to roam outside EU countries.
Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said: "Consumers should also keep in mind that, as announced by Chancellor Philip Hammond in March this year, roaming charges for countries outside of the EU will incur 20 per cent VAT on top of normal network rates from 1 August 2017," they said.
As always, it will pay to do some research. ®
Meghan Trainor's "dream" is to be as successful as Ed Sheeran.
The 24-year-old singer and songwriter has penned tracks for the likes of Jennifer Lopez, Fifth Harmony and Jason Derulo and though it "breaks [her] heart" giving away the songs she's written, they want to be as prolific as the 'Shape of You' hitmaker, who has written for the likes of One Direction, Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift and The Weeknd.
Speaking to BANG Showbiz, they said: "I have a lot of extra songs from this album and it breaks my heart that we have to let some go. But I'm always looking out for new homes for them. My mum is on the mission, she's like 'Zara Larsson should sing this one!'"
"I'm always looking out for people to sing my songs, that's the dream. To be like Ed Sheeran."
The 'No Excuses' singer admires Ed and their instinctive way of knowing how to craft a radio-friendly hit.
They explained: "He gets it. They get what radio needs and what everyone wants and that's something that I try to do too, thinking about how to make impressive music that translates on the radio but is also what the kids want to hear.
"There are a lot of politics and rules for the radio, and streaming these days they're like 'Please keep it at this tempo because then it will play forever' even if you don't want to do that tempo. But Ed Sheeran gets it and when I heard Shape Of You come out I was like 'well done. You got it'."
And although Meghan is influenced by Ed, they joked that they inspired them to release their popular ballad 'Perfect' after they thanked them for keeping "soulful" music alive.
They said: "And now this ballad - 'Perfect'- at first I didn't know because I thought it was too many words and I couldn't remember it right away but after hearing it over and over on the radio, I'm like 'Oh it's perfectly written and that's exactly what we need.'
"What's crazy is I remember they came up to me and said 'thanks for bringing soulful ballads back because I feel like I'm going to lose them' and now I hear this song and I'm like 'oooh, did I inspire you Ed Sheeran?' [Laughs] I mean I didn't at all, but maybe they had that song in their pocket and they were like, 'let's do this'."
Playbook: “If you hadn't heard — or somehow forgot — the government shuts down in 10 days. And the conversation brewing at the top levels on Capitol Hill is: will Republicans be successful at forcing Trump to fulfill a campaign promise in this must-pass bill, or will Trump have to work with Democrats to keep government open? Government-funding bills are always tough these days, and conservatives are going to want to extract some blood in exchange for their vote. Options conservatives are buzzing about: border wall funding, stripping money from sanctuary cities, defunding Planned Parenthood. But Democrats have power here, and can exert it to force Trump to ditch their right flank, and advocate for a clean spending bill. That will be quite the political pickle for the president.”
“The House Freedom Caucus — which has the numbers to dictate the debate on the right — will brawl for border funding, in some shape or form. That's unlikely to fly in the Senate.”
In Pictures: Yuvraj Singh's journey to 300 ODIs
The journey of one of India's most successful ODI cricketers in pictures.
@rajdeep1494 by Rajdeep Puri Tribute 15 Jun 2017, 10:38 IST
As India takes on Bangladesh in the much-awaited semi-final encounter of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017, we are going to witness history in the making. Yuvraj Singh will be walking out for the 300th time in a One Day International.
The man who's career was supposedly over after their battle with cancer and the man who was dropped from the side on multiple occasions. Yet, they had an answer to it all. Yuvraj's journey to 300 ODIs has been nothing short of spectacular.
Also Read: Virat Kohli congratulates Yuvraj Singh on reaching 300 ODIs
One of the biggest fighters in the Indian cricket team, Yuvraj has defied the odds time and again and proved themselves on the big stage. They have taken India to numerous victories over their illustrious career which has spanned over 15 years.
They become only the 5th Indian to do so and joins the likes of Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid, Sourav Ganguly, and Mohammad Azharrudin in the 300 club.
Let's take a look at Yuvraj Singh's magnificent journey to 300 ODIs in pictures.
Diplomatic Correspondent
Australian High Commissioner Margaret Adamson, Monday, launched an exhibition marking the 70th anniversary of the opening of Australia's resident diplomatic mission in Pakistan.
“Australia was quick to establish a High Commission in Karachi in 1948 after recognising the new country of Pakistan the previous year,” High Commissioner Adamson said. “The photos in this exhibition tell the story of how the relationship has developed since then.”
The images are drawn from a wide range of Australia-Pakistan engagement spanning development cooperation and humanitarian assistance, defence, education, sport, trade and cultural ties, as well as our people-to-people linkages.
“I am pleased the exhibition will be accompanied by performances from Australian Pakistani singer Umer Iftikhar,” High Commissioner Adamson said. “As an Australian graduate, Umer is a great example of how education can build bridges between nations and across cultures.”
Australia is a popular education destination for Pakistani students, with more than 12,000 studying there this year. Our thousands of alumni in Pakistan contributing to their nation's development, and their active connections to Australia, are an asset to both countries.
“As a friend and a partner of 70 years standing, Australia will continue to support Pakistan in the future through our development partnership, our security cooperation combating terrorism, violent extremism and transnational organised crime, and through growing trade and investment,” High Commissioner Adamson said.
Last September, the Gold Coast 2018 Queen's Baton Relay visited Lahore – the first stop in South Asia on its 388-kilometre journey from London to Australia's Gold Coast. “Being two sports-loving nations, I know Australian and Pakistani athletes and sports fans alike will enjoy the competition and spectacle of the Commonwealth Games in April,” High Commissioner Adamson said.
The photographic exhibition will visit Islamabad (19 March), Lahore (22 March) and Karachi (26 March) as part of Australia Day in Spring 2018.
Google's speech recognition can now understand 30 more languages.
Google's voice search is becoming more inclusive by picking up support for 30 new languages, including eight Indian languages. In all, over 1 billion people can now use voice dictation on Google's services, including the Google app and Gboard. Notable additions include popular Indian dialects like Gujarati, Bengali, Kannada, Marathi, Tamil, and Telugu, along with two of Africa's most-spoken languages: Swahili and Amharic.
Here's a list of all the new additions:
Amharic (Ethiopia)
Armenian (Armenia)
Azerbaijani (Azerbaijani)
Bengali (Bangladesh, India)
English (Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania)
Georgian (Georgia)
Gujarati (India)
Javanese (Indonesia)
Kannada (India)
Khmer (Cambodian)
Lao (Laos)
Latvian (Latvia)
Malayalam (India)
Marathi (India)
Nepali (Nepal)
Sinhala (Sri Lanka)
Sundanese (Indonesia)
Swahili (Tanzania, Kenya)
Tamil (India, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Malaysia)
Telugu (India)
Urdu (Pakistan, India)
To enable for these languages, Google worked with native speakers, collecting speech samples and asking them to read common phrases so it can train its machine learning models to pick up on intonation.
The server-side update is now live, and you can set your language in the Google app or on Gboard to get started. I was able to ask Google a question in Telugu and it understood the query perfectly. The new additions are now available in the Cloud Speech API as well, and will be added to other Google services — including Translate — shortly.
Finally, if you're using English U.S. as your language, you now have the option to search for emoji with your voice. For instance, you can just search for "rolling on the floor laughing emoji" on Gboard and it'll surface 🤣. Technology is a wonderful thing.
Beijing
China has named its former strategic missile force chief as defence minister, completing a shake-up of its top military brass that began in October last year.
General Wei Fenghe's appointment on Monday underscored the firm grip that President Xi Jinping now has over the People's Liberation Army (PLA), said analysts.
Gen Wei, 63, was the first officer to be promoted to full general when Mr Xi took office in 2012 and also the youngest to hold the rank at the time.
A career artillery officer, they rose through the ranks of the Second Artillery Force, which oversees China's land-based nuclear arsenal, and became its commander in 2012.
That year, Gen Wei was among the first in the PLA's senior leadership to both pledge allegiance to Mr Xi and actively execute their military reform agenda, which included a sweeping reorganisation of the PLA and its command structure.
Under their watch, the Second Artillery Corps was split into the Strategic Support Force and the PLA Rocket Force, with Gen Wei becoming the commander of the latter.
“Wei actually provided Xi with the plan to reorganise the Second Artillery Corps in an innovative way, even though it wasn't in their personal interests,” a source told the South China Morning Post.
“That sacrifice did not go unnoticed by Xi, and it also convinced other senior officials in the strategic missile force to make similar concessions.”
Liu He, a Harvard-educated Communist Party official, is expected to oversee the financial and economic sectors as vice premier.—Agencies
Two suspects have been nabbed in connection with the alleged abduction‚ rape‚ sexual exploitation and trafficking of a 17-year-old Lichtenburg girl.
Captain Tlangelani Rikhotso in the North West said an operation to save the girl was carried out by the Hawks' Serious Organised Crime Unit‚ assisted by the Mahikeng Tactical Response Team.
They were allegedly abducted at a hiking spot in Lichtenburg. It was not immediately clear when this occurred. This week the Hawks acted on a tip-off and‚ with the assistance of the TRT‚ went to the suspected house unannounced and arrested the two suspects.
Eric Morris
WITH the Middle East in a state of flux and old alliances reshaping and reforming, the challenge facing Saudi Arabia's crown prince may seem daunting. But there are lessons from the past they can draw on, most notably those offered by two of the greatest figures of the 20th century.
In 1921, King Abdul Aziz bin Abdul Rahman Al-Saud, known as Ibn Saud, the founder and first king of today's Saudi Arabia, first encountered Winston Churchill in Cairo.
It was a meeting between two visionaries who were destined to leave a more significant mark than anyone on the histories of their countries.
The meeting had been arranged by St. John Philby, father of the traitor Kim. The elder Philby was an Orientalist and British agent who had been sent to Arabia in 1920 to “assist” King Abdul Aziz.
Churchill was Britain's newly appointed colonial secretary, dispatched by Prime Minister Lloyd George to chair the Cairo Conference on the future shape of the Middle East. Among their advisers was another noted Orientalist, Thomas Edward Shaw, also known as John Hume Ross, but better known as T.E. Lawrence, or Lawrence of Arabia.
From the closely guarded conference venue in the Semiramis Hotel, Churchill ventured forth for their meeting with King Abdul Aziz, then aged 46.
King Abdul Aziz had already consolidated their hold over Arabia from their beginnings as the Sultan of Najd and King of the Hejaz. But there were border disputes with all their neighbors, and they turned to Churchill for advice.
Churchill encouraged King Abdul Aziz to secure their new territories. In 1925, Saudis became the rulers of Makkah and Madinah. Britain by now was paying King Abdul Aziz an annual subsidy of £60,000, the equivalent of just over $1 million today. In those days it was two-thirds of the Kingdom's annual income.
In 1932, King Abdul Aziz gave their surname to the lands they ruled, and Saudi Arabia was born.
King Abdul Aziz and Winston Churchill shared a number of great qualities. Each had the charisma and imagination to question the received wisdom of the time, to take on those who had a more narrow vision of the future and to stand up for what they believed — and the force of personality to see it through.
How two men Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman admires — their grandfather, King Abdul Aziz, and the British statesman Winston Churchill — met a century ago to plan the ‘new' Middle East.
King Abdul Aziz consolidated their hold on the Arabian Peninsula and sought to unite the tribes under one national flag. They fulfilled their dream by amassing vast oil wealth and was protected from external threats by the US.
The next in line to the Saudi throne is now Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the grandson of King Abdul Aziz. This charismatic 32-year-old crown prince has enjoyed a remarkable ascent in just over five years. What sort of ruler will they be?
Like their grandfather, who was an emir, a sultan and then a king from 1902 until 1953, Crown Prince Mohammed could be king for a long time. Like their grandfather and Churchill, for whom they have expressed great admiration, they are a man of bold vision and prodigious energy, and is not deterred by the need to address unpalatable issues.
Like their grandfather, they intend to embark on a bold path to create a new order in the Middle East with their country as the de facto regional power. Unlike their grandfather, they do not envisage a future based on oil or a Middle East controlled by Washington.
Like their grandfather, for Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman a close relationship with the US and UK is important. Even in this short period, with Donald Trump they have assiduously rebuilt the Kingdom's special relationship with the White House, which had languished under Barack Obama's presidency.
While the conflict has dragged on in Yemen, the crown prince has recognized the need to take a proactive approach to regional challenges — notably Iran. They have reached out to Iraq and has attempted to put an end to Qatar's mischief-making in the region.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's Vision 2030 is the most ambitious socio-economic reform in the Kingdom's history. It will wean the Kingdom off its oil dependency and its people from the life of a rentier state.
King Abdul Aziz built their country on the wealth generated by Aramco. Their grandson intends to invest some of that wealth to make Saudi Arabia a 21st-century economic powerhouse.
—Courtesy: Arab News
[Eric Morris is the author of “Churchill's Private Armies” and a former deputy director of studies at the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst.]
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of woman are planning on suing the NHS after vaginal mesh implants have made their lives a misery.
The mesh is fitted to treat pelvic organ prolapse post-childbirth and is aimed at improving a woman's bladder control.
But hundreds of woman have been left in crippling agony after the mesh wires have cut right through the walls of their vagina.
Made from polypropylene, the same material as a plastic drinks bottle, the women have reported the mesh slowly making its way to the outside of the vagina wall - cutting through them "like cheese wire".
One woman described it as "barbaric" and many have reportedly been left unable to walk or enjoy sex.
(Photo: Daily Record)
Kate Langley, was forced to stop working as a childminder when the pain became unbearable, according to the Victoria Derbyshire programme.
Speaking about a surgeon's examination of their fitted mesh wire, they said they "could see the tape had come through my vagina - protruding through.
"The mesh had cut its way through - like a cheese wire."
Kate had 53 hospital admissions in a desperate attempt to end the "barbaric" pain.
But their mesh implant is too close to a nerve to be fully removed.
Other woman have said their partners had even been injured by the protruding mesh while having sex.
One woman's pain became so severe, they were driven to thoughts of suicide when doctors told them they were imagining the pain.
Claire Cooper was told the source of their pain was their womb, before doctors eventually said their symptoms were in their head.
Forced to live with the excruciating pain, Claire "mapped out" how they would take their own life.
Them mesh implant has also affected their marriage, and claimed their husband was forced to become their carer.
Claire said: "We haven't had sex for four-and-a-half years. This stuff breaks up marriages.
"I wouldn't be at all surprised if there are mesh injured women that have taken their own lives and didn't know what the problem was.
"I want the procedure banned. I want the material banned."
Consultant urogynaecologist Dr Sohier Elneil said they see patients in the UK who have been left facing severe pain and unable to walk.
"The typical type of patient I see is a patient who is incapacitated by severe pain of a chronic nature. Often they are on high-dose medication, including opiates.
"They become so incapacitated that many of them are either walking by crutches or sitting in wheelchairs and perhaps more dramatically so, they become unable to look after their families."
(Photo: Harley Street Clinic)
Currently in the UK, there are around 100 types of vaginal mesh implants.
The UK regulatory body MHRA said it "sympathises" with the women affected.
MHRA say for the majority of women, the use of vaginal mesh implants is safe and effective.
An MHRA spokesperson said it was "committed to help address the serious concerns raised by some patients".
It added: "The greater proportion of the clinical community and patients support the use of these devices in the UK."
Ethicon said "these devices have helped millions of women".
(Photo: Nuffield Department of primary care health sciences)
It said it had "acted appropriately and responsibly in the research, development and marketing of its pelvic mesh products".
According to one expert, Professor Carl Heneghan, manufacturers have to provide little evidence before their product is clinically approved and made available on the NHS.
"The regulatory body... doesn't even look at the device," they explained.
My malaise passed. But I didn't. I left university without a degree and I still don't understand why I, who luckily made a success of writing for a living, couldn't cope with getting an unremarkable B.A. I'm sure they are still waiting for my Poli Sci 201 essay.
I was anxious, but not even clinically so. In going away to school, I had stepped away from a somewhat challenging family life, which seemed even more vivid to me from a distance, as if my real job was to sit still and review it.
I couldn't figure out where I fit in. This was in a time in which there was no social media, little pressure to succeed, and no lack of opportunity to do what you wanted with your life.
Now think of today, where childhood is a bit of a boot camp for success, social media tells you every day who is having a better life than you and professional opportunities for graduates no longer abound.
Think of today, in which stakeholder parents "invest" so much in their kids, emotionally and financially, that kids not only know they have to make a success of themselves, but they also have to fight for their autonomy.
Think of today, even of this week, in which generalized anxiety is no longer a metaphor for modern life. It is modern life.
Donna Ferguson, a psychologist who specializes at CAMH in post-traumatic stress disorders and anxiety, said in an interview that a perfectly legitimate question to ask in light of the massacre at a country music festival in Las Vegas is "Can I go to a concert and even be safe?"
One headline from last spring on the CBC website said this: "Ontario campus counsellors say they're drowning in mental-health needs." They still are. Some describe it as a "tsunami."
Ferguson doesn't have any miracle cures for anxiety. For some it is genetic, for some environmental and for some a passing moment that would be helped by quick counselling or even just by having someone close to talk to.
Ferguson's big worry is wait times. "We can't have them on waiting lists." They say they get calls frequently from universities who need help fast for particular students. "I take them into my practice or I find a colleague who will see them."
Ferguson takes part in mental health initiatives such as Bell's "Let's Talk" but they think these campaigns should happen more frequently.
You can't talk about mental health enough these days, at school and in the workplace, where adults far removed from student life suffer both from anxiety or depression, and from the stigma around it.
How do you build a kid who will be resilient in the face of anxiety? All the usual things. You help them become independent, encourage them to work while in their teens -- "I started babysitting when I was 11," Ferguson says.
And you do the most important thing of all. You listen.
Thanksgiving is here. Kids will be coming home, many of them burbling with enthusiasm about courses and campus life.
But some will be very quiet. They may not be able to say specifically what's wrong, but if they say they're not coping, believe them.
A quick response can make the difference "between living and dying," says Ferguson.
Or even just living and thriving.
Toronto Star
Benjamin Myers is an award-winning author, poet and journalist. Born in Durham, they moved to Mytholmroyd, West Yorkshire in 2009, where they live with their wife.
What's your first memory of being outdoors? There exists a photograph of me aged five or six, knee-deep in the River Swale somewhere near Richmond, plucking a crayfish out from beneath a rock while on a day-trip down from Durham.
What's your favourite part of the county and why? The Upper Calder Valley, where I live. It keeps revealing new hidden corners to me and the people have a steely spirit. My novel The Gallows Pole, published earlier this year, is about the Cragg Vale Coiners, an 18th century criminal gang who were based here, and my latest book These Darkening Days, about an outbreak of mass hysteria in the 1930s Halifax, has given me an excuse to explore every hidden cranny in the name of research.
What's your idea of a perfect weekend/day out in Yorkshire? I'd probably take a tour of some of my favourite outdoor swimming spots: Gaddings Dam near Todmorden, Lumb Falls near Hebden Bridge, Sparth Reservoir at Slaithwaite, Janet's Foss at Malham. Then some strong black tea and cake, shared with my wife Adelle and our dog, a Patterdale terrier called Cliff.
Do you have a favourite walk, or view? I probably have several hundred, but two spring to mind. The first is a walk up Scout Rock in Mytholmroyd. It's a wooded and rather secret escarpment landmark behind my house that has begun to take on almost mystical qualities for me, and the other is a view from a particular meadow high above Robin Hood's Bay. I'm afraid I can't reveal which one.
How do you immerse yourself in Yorkshire's cultural life? I worked in the music business in London for years, and have travelled widely with lots of rock bands while working as a music journalist, but The Trades Club in Hebden Bridge remains my favourite venue in the world. With passion and hard work, promoter Mal Campbell has made it internationally-renowned. It's also the antithesis of the corporate music venue.
Do you find yourself ‘selling' Yorkshire to non-believers? If so, how? I've written a series of novels set in Yorkshire, though they to tend explore the side of life rarely seen on Countryfile so I'm not sure the tourist board will be calling me up any time soon. I coined the phrase ‘the green cathedral' to convey the feelings I sometimes experience deep in the woods or up on the moors and I do post a lot of landscape photographs online which perhaps portray different aspects of Yorkshire in the best light, which people seem to enjoy.
Do you have a favourite restaurant or pub? The Robin Hood pub in Cragg Vale serves the world's best chips.
How has living in Yorkshire influenced your work? In ways I could never have predicted. It has given my writing focus, direction, a voice. It's endlessly inspiring.
Who is the Yorkshire man or woman you most admire? Boxer ‘Prince' Naseem Hamed has always been a controversial figure but in the 1990s they were a superstar. I admired their fearlessness, their tenacity, their rhetoric, their athleticism and the way they represented their community. To see them box was like watching ballet. Their speed and balance was almost superhuman, and their absurd sense of the theatrical made them an icon of their time. Also, they had the good sense to retire young.
If a stranger to Yorkshire had time to visit only one place, where would you send them? Because I'm drawn to remoteness, I'd say find somewhere away from civilisation and take some time to enjoy the space, silence and wildlife. You can get good food and culture most places in Britain these days, but silence is a rare commodity. Somewhere such as Keld in the heart of the Dales is a good place to start out from.
If you had to name Yorkshire's hidden gem, what would it be? The Piece Hall in Halifax has reopened and I'm pleased to see this monument to industrialisation being given a new life, a new purpose for the modern age.
What do you think gives Yorkshire's its unique identity? Beyond the stunning landscapes, it's very difficult to pinpoint a singular identity for Yorkshire – and that in itself can be viewed as a strength. Diversity of people, place and politics should never be reduced down to archetypes, and I think the notion of “telling it how it is” isn't necessarily always a good thing. I mean, what if you're an idiot? Humour is more important, and people in Yorkshire use their dry and droll humour as an armour against anything life throws at them. Beneath it though they're warm and community-minded.
Name your favourite Yorkshire author/artist/performer and tell us why? I like the actor Malcolm McDowell. From early films such as ...if, A Clockwork Orange and O Lucky Man! through Our Friends In The North to Mozart In The Jungle they always steal their scenes. We're spoilt for writers here too: David Storey, Pat Barker, David Peace, Barry Hines, the Brontë sisters. Glyn Hughes is a late, great poet who made a home in West Yorkshire too.
What are you working on at the moment? I'm writing a non-fiction book about, amongst other things, poetry, floods, nettles, geology, swimming, skulls, landslides, logging, badgers and much besides. It's called Under The Rock.
Benjamin Myers' latest book These Darkening Days is published by Mayfly Press, priced £7.99.
The city is warning people about possibly hostile behaviour from red-winged blackbirds in some parks just as the summer starts. Signs went up last week in parks alongside the waterfront, cautioning people about the aggressive behaviour of the red-winged blackbird – a small bird of 18 to 20 centimetres in size and weighing anywhere between 50 to 60 grams.
During their late-spring mating season, red-winged blackbirds have been known to squawk, peck and even dive-bomb people. But they're small and harmless, and giving them a little space will help keep the peace, the president of Bird Studies Canada says. ( Eduardo Lima / Star Metro ) Signs in parks along the Toronto waterfront warn people about red-winged blackbirds. ( Eduardo Lima / Star Metro ) Alanna Chelmick enjoying Budapest Park, one of the parks along the waterfront with signs warning people about red-winged blackbirds. People should respect the birds' territory, they said. ( Eduardo Lima / Star Metro )
City spokesperson Jane Arbour said the signs have been placed in Budapest Park, Lakeshore Boulevard Parklands, Little Norway Park, and the Toronto Music Garden. The decision was in response to 311 calls about the aggressive nature of the birds, such as squealing and attempting to peck people's heads. Similar behaviour has been seen during these birds' mating season in the past, they said. Red-winged blackbirds are common in urban areas. They can live in the city near wet areas and ditches, said Steven Price, president of Bird Studies Canada. “They're not any more aggressive than most birds would be if you came near their nests," they said, noting their defensive reaction is always prompted by a perception that someone is trying to be harmful to their nests. Mating season is from late May to end of June, and that's when they're more visible in parks, they said.
Article Continued Below
When a person gets very close – within three to four metres of their habitat – the bird will “jump and squawk and be annoyed at your presence,” they said. “Think of it this way: If someone walked in your front door and walked toward your children, you'd immediately put yourself in between, right? That's all this bird is doing.” Price said people walking in parks have no reason for concern about these birds. Just avoid disturbing them, be respectful of their space and maybe wear a hat to distract them and protect your head in case of a peck, they said. “It's entirely in our control to just move away and appreciate nature without disturbing it,” they said. Sitting under a shade at Budapest Park on Tuesday afternoon, Alanna Chelmick said they had never heard of anyone being attacked by a red-winged black bird. They believe it's the people's responsibility to mind their own business and let birds lead their lives unobstructed. “We are in their world here. We've got to respect their territory,” they said.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 2:54 pm |
Relatives and friends carry the body of Adiel Coleman, Hy”d, an Israeli who was murdered in a stabbing attack in Yerushalayim's Old City on Sunday. (Reuters/Ronen Zvulun)
Hundreds of grieving family, friends and government officials gathered on Monday in the small community of Kochav Hashachar in the Binyamin region for the levayah of Adiel Coleman, Hy”d, who was murdered by a Palestinian terrorist in Yerushalayim's Old City the day before.
In a heartbreaking hesped, Adiel's mother Yael, tbl”c, said: “We would like more. Everything good we want more. To enjoy your pleasantness — more. But no. G-d gives and G-d takes away. This was your time.”
“But the children will miss you,” they said.
“The children!” they cried out, breaking down in tears along with many in the crowd.
Standing next to one of their daughters, their mother said that their wedding will take place in a month. “They will not beat us. Last night we decided that we would continue,” they said.
Ephraim Cohen remembered their son-in-law as a “mentch” and compared them to a korban olah, brought for Pesach.
“You were ascending from the City of David (when you were killed) and now too, you ascend there as a burnt offering,” they said.
Adiel's sister Yoshivya recalled their infectious smile and laugh.
“Tell G-d, ‘Enough!' ” they said addressing their late brother. “It does not suit the Coleman family to be a bereaved family… Let us all demand redemption.”
In an interview on Army Radio, their brother Meir Coleman said: “This is here an incident that tells our story as a people, they came and killed a lovely man — we must not forget that we are at war with them,” they said.
Initial reports of the killing identified Coleman as a security guard, but friends later said they had worked in the archaeological digs in the City of David for the last five years, The Times of Israel reported.
The 32-year-old father of four was eulogized as well by Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel and Yerushalayim Mayor Nir Barkat.
“Our revenge is settlement and holding tight to the land,” said Ariel. “I hope we'll continue to advance construction in Yerushalayim and Yehudah and Shomron and make a clear decision that between the Jordan [River] and [Mediterannean] Sea there will only be one sovereign state — the State of Israel.”
“This land is ours. We received it from G-d, blessed is He,” added the Jewish Home party minister.
Barkat said: “Yesterday they succeeded in harming Adiel. The sorrow is deep and difficult but they'll never succeed in removing us from our path. We are determined…to continue to build in Yerushalayim and in the Land of Israel.”
Cosby Trial in Closing Argument Phase
Norristown, PA (WOLO) —Bill Cosby's fate is once again in the hands of jurors.
Closing arguments in the comedian's sexual assault trial took place Tuesday morning.
Cosby's accuser, Andrea Constand, testified last week detailing Cosby's alleged sexual assault on their back in 2004.
Cosby has long denied allegations and claims sex was consensual, and has pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated indecent assault.
Cosby's first trial on the charges ended last year in a mistrial.
Stay with ABC Columbia News for updates as this story continues to develop.
Concerns have been raised that a decision to introduce two mini roundabouts at Knaresborough's busiest junction will not ‘solve the problem'.
Seven years after Bond End was declared an Air Quality Management Area (AQMA), a decision to change the junction layout at Bond End was approved last Friday (January 26).
Executive Members of North Yorkshire County Council approved the report by the Bond End Steering Group which recommended the option over two others which have been investigated extensively.
But the decision has been met with mixed reaction, as the Mayor of Knaresborough, Coun David Goode suggested a lot of concerns still hadn't been addressed.
They said: “The estimated cost doesn't include whatever services they have to move so clearly they still have a lot of work to do.
“I'm also surprised they are saying they still have to do the safety assessment so all the residents that are impacted by the changes, none of that has been resolved as to how they are going to get out of their homes.
“It strikes me as strange that they can make a decision when they haven't fully determined the cost and haven't conducted a safety assessment.”
Coun Goode also highlighted that the report suggests the changes are only predicted to improve air quality in the short term, and that Bond End will still officially be an AQMA.
They said: Whatever they do, it still will not meet government targets for reductions in air pollution.
“It's potentially a lot of money that is going to be spent for some improvements in the short term but it still doesn't solve the problem that people desperately wanted fixing.”
However NYCC's Executive Member for Highways Councillor Don Mackenzie, reassured that the added cost of moving services would not stop the project and that safety assessments were all in hand.
They said: “We have to change the widths of the paths on High Bond End corner, but that does mean that some telecoms cabling will have to be moved.
“We don't know the exact cost of that but we are not expecting it to be such that we cannot go ahead. I have no personal concerns on that score.
“The safety checks have also been done, what we have said is they have not been concluding. We are deciding what types of pedestrian crossings are best placed at the junction.
“We will make sure the crossings that we put there are safe and protected.
“And the other thing is to look at how we can provide safe access for residents of Bond End to their properties.
“Perhaps putting up a notice for cars coming down High Bond End that people will be reversing out of their drives.”
Coun Mackenzie stressed that the air pollution issue at Bond End has been a subject ‘for years' and that now was not the time to delay further.
They said: “The report makes perfectly clear that this doesn't remove the air quality issue but it is a step in the right direction.
They added: “By 2028 I'm pretty sure it won't be a problem anymore because most vehicles will be electric.”
As they tried to put my smashed up car on the hoist of a tow-truck, there was this terrible crunching sound, metal bits and shards of plastic falling onto the street below.
My daughter and everyone else involved in the accident were fine, if shaken, and I had this terrible thought for which I still feel a significant measure of guilt.
"Hoooray!!!!!!"
As you may have read last week, my oldest kid put a serious dent in my ride earlier this month, colliding with another driver at an intersection not far from our home. Everybody involved in the collision, for which they were not at fault, walked away and that is, by far, the most important part of that story.
But here's the other thing: I kind of hated that car.
I bought it almost three years ago against my own better judgment, in spite of reviews from trusted magazines, contrary to advice from people I knew who owned the same model and — this is the one that really came back to haunt me — the express and clearly stated opinion of my wife.
But I was sick owning a succession of exceedingly practical, remarkably reliable and desperately boring cars from Asian-based manufacturers. I've always dreamed of owning a fancy car, a sporty car, an expensive car, but have never been rich enough to own one (or dumb enough to borrow what I needed to get there.) So last time, I bought something that felt kind of fancy and kind of sporty but was actually pretty cheap.
It was an exceedingly bad idea.
I'd hoped to avoid the reliability issues this particular car was notorious for but instead, I endured virtually every one. The alternator went just weeks after purchase. There were persistent issues with the electrical system. The wheel bearings went. Then, like a scene in a terrible TV comedy, a door handle broke off in my hands. I'm not sure I drove two weeks without a light on the dashboard, accompanied by some terrible bleating noise, tormenting me.
It was also exceedingly impractical. It was teeny-tiny, with just two doors and a cramped rear seat. My youngest daughter, already taller than their sister, was often relegated to the back because of expert sibling manipulation and had to fold themselves into a painful, awkward pretzel just to get in and out. Them protestations almost drowned out the bleating warning noises.
Are you sick of waking up in the middle of the night sweating, hot, and too uncomfortable to get back to sleep?
Some people are just naturally hot sleepers, but that doesn't mean we need to suffer every night. And while a damp washcloth might do the trick for a few minutes, there are more sustainable options that won't leave your pillow wet all night.
This Penguin pillow cooling mat is a simple solution - and right now it's only $16.95 on Amazon, marked down from $25. Essentially, it's a gel-filled mat you lay over your pillow to keep things cool. You can pop it in the fridge for an hour or so before bed for added coolness, but many reviewers have said the mat is cool enough to the touch to work without added chilling. It's all about personal preference (and how hot it is in your bedroom).
There are gel-fiber pillows that offer similar benefits, such as the highly rated Sleep Restoration Gel Pillows ($39.99 for 2 on Amazon). But what we really like about the cooling mat, aside from its large size, is its portability. You only use it when you need it, and if you travel a lot, it's small enough to toss into an overnight bag. A cooling pillow mat would be excellent for anyone with night sweats or hot flashes, but it's also great for easing the pain of fevers, neck pain, and headaches. You could even stick it on the couch or your patio furniture for cool comfort during the day.
Prices are accurate at the time this article was published, but may change over time.
KOLKATA, India — The British left footprints across their far-flung colonial empire from Toronto to Yangon. But nowhere is there as vast and varied a collection of heritage architecture than in Kolkata. Thousands of buildings — including homes, churches, palaces and even synagogues — survive here from the days of the Raj, when Britain ruled India. This marvelously exuberant, maddeningly chaotic city began as a small trading post in the 1690s. It rose to become the seat of British power and now ranks as India's third largest city, a megalopolis of some 15 million people. Unlike countries which opted to eradicate the physical legacies of colonialism, India has accepted them as witnesses to history. The prime eradicator of Kolkata's past has not been politics, but those whom preservationists call “land sharks,” developers against whom they wage a sometimes winning, sometimes losing battle. To dip into Kolkata's bygone era, my wife and I stayed at the Oberoi Grand Hotel, took afternoon tea at the still oh-so-English Bengal Club and, best of all, signed up for a guided walk around Dalhousie Square, the one-time epicentre of the British Raj.
Article Continued Below
Dating back to the late 1880s, the Grande Dame of Calcutta, as the Oberoi and Kolkata were earlier known, was the social hub of the colonial city. During the Second World War, it was party time headquarters for American soldiers. Today the hotel is an oasis of tranquility amid the surrounding vibrant street life, offering palm-shaded courtyards, Victorian four-poster beds and service which viceroys would find hard to fault. The Bengal Club, another enduring social fixture, has been catering to elites since 1827, and the lovely premise strives to keep the modern world at bay. One may forget it is 2018 while sipping tea in a politely hushed room named after the prominent 18th century British painter Joshua Reynolds, one of whose works hangs on its pastel yellow walls. The colonials also tried to shut out a dramatically changing India: Incredibly, the club only opened its doors to Indians in 1959 — 12 years after independence was won. “It was from here that 200 British officers ruled over 200 million Indians,” remarked our guide, Ramanuj Ghosh, pointing to what is now the 133-room home of the state governor, where British viceroys resided during most of the decades when Kolkata served as India's capital. Modelled on a stately home in England, it was encased in six acres of lush gardens and built in the Gregorian style.
The Army has recovered one AK47 assault rifle and uniforms belonging to DSP Mohammed Alkali and their police orderly who were allegedly beheaded in Rivers State.
The police officers were killed by suspected cultist at Omoku, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area of Rivers State during the December 10, 2016 re-run legislative elections.
The General Officer Commanding (GOC) 6 Division, Port Harcourt, Maj.-Gen. Kasimu Abdulkarim, disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt yesterday.
Abdulkarim said that troops from the Division recovered the items during a raid on four militants' camps and cultists' hideouts in Ujju community near Omoku.
According to him, troops also recovered assorted arms and ammunition stockpiled by bandits in the area.
They said: “Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area has over time witnessed criminal acts ranging from attacks on critical national infrastructure and brutal murders which affected the economic activities of oil companies and citizens.
“The barbaric nature and manner of criminalities led the 6 Division to conduct a raid on December 31 on four suspected criminal camps located across the river, in Ujju community.
“In the raid, 6 Division troops, in conjunction with Operation Delta Safe Special Boats Service and air component, engaged the suspected criminals in exchange of gunfire.
“Troops later arrested some suspects and recovered several weapons, ammunition and uniforms, including uniforms and rifle belonging DSP Mohammed Alkali and their orderly, Sgt. Urukwu Nwachukwu.”
They listed arms recovered to include one AK47 rifle, two G3 rifles, five double barrel guns, two pistols, 31 empty AK47 magazines, and 242 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition.
Others are 322 rounds of other calibres of ammunition, bulletproof jackets, seven other police uniforms, 31 handsets, Automated Teller Machine Cards (ATM) and a First Aid box.
Abdulkarim said the clean-up operation was in continuation of efforts by the Division to recover weapons from cultists and militants who refused to embrace Amnesty offered by Rivers State government.
They noted that in spite of the just concluded amnesty programme offered by government, armed groups had continued to terrorise residents in Omoku town.
The GOC said that 15 persons, including a soldier, four Civil Defence Corps personnel, two police officers and eight civilians were brutally murdered while several others kidnapped in the area in December
According to a report from Autocar, Nissan has given a thumbs up for a 370Z successor, reportedly called the 400Z. Further, the next Z car, internally referred to as Z35, will be twinned with the next Infiniti Q60, per unnamed senior Nissan officials. The cars would, therefore, share a rear-wheel-drive platform, an engine lineup, and an electrical system.
Motor Authority reached out to Infiniti for comment on the next Q60 in an effort to shed light on the rumored 400Z. Kyle Bazemore, Infiniti's U.S. director of communications, told us the brand has no comment on future products. They added, "The Q60 was all-new last model year, so it's quite early to be discussing its replacement."
2018 Infiniti Q60 Enlarge Photo
Should the information prove true, the next Nissan Z will be larger in all dimensions to match its Q60 twin, though the wheelbase could also be shortened for the Z. Under the hood would be a 3.0-liter twin-turbocharged V-6 engine. The current Q50 and Q60 employ the engine, which makes 400 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque.
The report goes on to allege an even hotter 400Z Nismo is in the works with a tweaked 3.0-liter twin-turbo V-6 engine good for 475 hp and 451 lb-ft of torque. Supposedly, it will also boast an all-wheel-drive system and arrive in 2021 after the standard 400Z hits the market for 2020.
Autocar claims the 400Z will arrive in concept form at the 2018 Tokyo motor show. However, there is no Tokyo motor show for 2018.
It's possible such a car shows up at the 2018 Tokyo auto salon, though a new Z car seems like a pretty high-profile debut for the auto salon, which focuses more on performance and aftermarket vehicles. Should it show up, the report claims the production version will arrive at the 2019 Los Angeles auto show to celebrate the Z car's 50th birthday.
2018 Nissan 370Z Enlarge Photo
After numerous suggestions from Nissan pointing to the Z car's death march, a source told Motor Authority last January that Nissan will update the 370Z to meet regulatory guidelines for safety. Our source added there's "strong interest within the company for the Z to live on."
In response to rumors surrounding a 370Z successor, Nissan director of U.S. communications, Dan Bedore, told Motor Authority, "We have not announced any plans beyond the 2018 model year 370Z, and as a policy do not comment on speculation regarding future product plans and partnerships."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona holds a vital card in the race to sign Chelsea winger Willian, and the Brazilian is determined to join the Nou Camp side because of it.
The Blues winger has been heavily linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge this summer, with Barcelona and Manchester United both likely destinations for the 29-year-old.
Chelsea recently turned down a £50million offer from Barcelona according to reports, while Jose Mourinho remains keen to reunite with the winger.
But the Portuguese may not get what they want. According to Mundo Deportivo , Willian does not want to let the chance of playing alongside Lionel Messi go by.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REUTERS)
In fact, Willian is determined to play at Barcelona just so they can be in the same team as the Argentinian.
News of this will come as a huge blow to United who are in the market for a winger to provide Romelu Lukaku with more support in attack.
The report adds that Willian's agent, Kia Joorabchian, was in Barcelona last week trying to hammer out a deal over the winger.
Hollywood actor Amber Heard has poked fun at news Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce, who's got themselves into a spot of bother with the constitution.
It seems revenge is as sweet as kiwi fruit.
Hollywood actor Amber Heard wasn't able to contain themselves at news the man who threatened their pet dogs had found themselves in a spot of legal bother.
"When @Barnaby_Joyce said 'no one is above the law' I didn't realize they meant New Zealand law," they tweeted.
Heard's dig followed Mr Joyce's admission they could be a Kiwi by descent because their father was born across the Tasman, an issue later confirmed by NZ prime minister Bill English.
Heard is the ex-wife of Johnny Depp whose Yorkshire Terriers Pistol and Boo were illegally smuggled into Australia in 2015.
They later pleaded guilty in a Queensland court of falsifying quarantine documents and copped a $1000 fine.
"To comfort Mr Joyce in their hour need, I have sent them a box of New Zealand's finest kiwi fruit (assuming this passes their biosecurity laws)," Heard said in a second tweet.
Today Sunny, with a high near 59. Northwest wind 6 to 8 mph becoming south southwest in the afternoon.
Tonight Clear, with a low around 34. Southwest wind 7 to 11 mph.
Thursday Sunny, with a high near 70. West wind around 8 mph.
Thursday NightClear, with a low around 35. Southwest wind 6 to 8 mph.
FridaySunny, with a high near 69. Southwest wind 5 to 8 mph.
Friday NightClear, with a low around 36.
SaturdaySunny, with a high near 65.
A Mid-Michigan man charged in a deadly crash that killed five said they are overwhelmed with regret over their actions.
Matthew Jordan Carrier, 21, of Fenton was arraigned on 19 felony counts stemming from the deadly crash on May 9.
During an arraignment hearing, a Livingston County prosecutor said Carrier's blood-alcohol level was “well in excess” of the limit for driving. The prosecutor also said Carrier was driving close to 100 mph when they smashed into Albert Boswell's vehicle.
Two people in Carrier's vehicle died. Three in the vehicle driven by Boswell died, including a probation agent who had been honored at a Corrections Department banquet that night.
Carrier said all they remember about the crash was waking up “in a field” with leg pain, according to the Detroit Free Press.
Carrier said they are overwhelmed by their actions and wants the victims' families to know they are sorry, the media outlet reported
“I never meant to do what I did to those people. “I can't imagine how they feel. I know how I feel and I feel terrible. I would love to take it all back, but I can't,” Carrier said according to the Detroit Free Press. “It was an accident. I wish I had died.”
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Range Rover to end all Range Rovers cometh.
T.Fotiadis Design, a company based in Berlin, Germany that normally crafts luxury yachts and high-end residential interiors, has plans for a Range Rover 6x6 pickup truck dubbed the SLT.
But where a similar vehicle like Mercedes-AMG's G63 6x6 is all about performance, T.Fotiadis' SLT not only maximizes capability but also ushers in ultra-posh motoring.
The vehicle also has a specific purpose. It's envisioned as a tender for superyachts where it could be used to transport the yacht's owner and guests (plus all their luggage) from the dock to an airport or hotel or to private residences. Fotiadis tells us the vehicle's initials stand for Superyacht Land Tender.
T.Fotiadis Design SLT Range Rover 6x6 Enlarge Photo
The company says the vehicle also features inspiration from its luxury yacht designs. Yacht-like is its proportions, indeed. The SLT is based on the Range Rover Long-Wheelbase and measures 244 inches long, 84 inches wide, and sits 73 inches tall.
Details on its off-road gear are slim, but T.Fotiadis said the vehicle features three axles, six 20-inch wheels, and a custom body kit. Powering the mammoth 6x6 will be the choice of a 2.0-liter inline-4 married to a plug-in hybrid system, a 4.4-liter diesel V-8, or a 5.0-liter supercharged V-8—all standard powertrain units offered on the Ranger Rover in Europe.
On the luxury front, T.Fotiadis plans to outfit the interior of the SLT with liquid metal and resin, porcelain, crystal. A set of exclusive seats will come from Foglizzo and owners will be able to customize all interior motifs and colors. Other niceties will include a wine chiller, airline-style and power-operated folding tables, onboard Wi-Fi, and LCD touchscreens in the rear.
Development of the SLT is ongoing but the vehicle should be ready (fittingly) for a debut at the 2018 Monaco Yacht Show in September. The order books will open in the next three months.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Retired Scranton police officers and firefighters lost their bid to force the city to pay them raises.
Citing the pension funds' dire financial condition, Lackawanna County Senior Judge Robert Mazzoni said allowing raises to go through could endanger the solvency of the funds.
“Ignoring the undisputed financial stability of the pension funds and granting the retirees the raise would favor only the private interests of the plaintiffs ... instead of the general interest of all pensioners,” the judge said.
The ruling, issued Tuesday, is a key victory for the city because it affirms its position that the pension boards cannot take action that would violate the city code.
The dispute developed in December 2014, when then-city solicitor Jason Shrive directed the pension funds' financial advisers not to pay retirees the 0.87 percent increase they were due under the police and fire union contracts.
Shrive maintained the action would violate the city code, which says raises can only be paid if the funds are financially sound. The directive was extended through this year.
The pension boards filed suit in 2015 challenging the directive. At a hearing before Mazzoni in December, pension boards attorney Larry Durkin acknowledged a 2014 report by the funds' actuary confirmed the plans are not financially sound. They argued the city had no authority to halt the raises, however, because control of the funds is vested solely with the pension boards.
In their ruling, Mazzoni agreed the boards have control of the funds. They said that control is not absolute, however.
“If plaintiffs were entitled to relief ... this court would be affording the pension boards unfettered authority to approve raises to retirees without any consideration to the solvency and soundness of the pension funds,” the judge said. “This is a result that this court is not willing to sanction.”
Contacted Tuesday, Durkin said they expect the pension boards will discuss the ruling at their meetings today and decide whether or not to appeal.
Attempts to reach attorney Kevin Conaboy, who represented the city, were unsuccessful.
Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com, @tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
NEW DELHI – Judges ordered the dismissal Monday of the Indian cricket board's president over the failure to enact a series of recommended reforms, plunging the game's most powerful body into turmoil.
In a shock ruling, a panel of Supreme Court judges said Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president Anurag Thakur and its number two Ajay Shirke must stand down immediately.
Thakur said they would respect the decision, while voicing bitterness at the court for siding with a retired judge who had been demanding the shake-up in the BCCI's governance.
“The Supreme Court passes an order directing the BCCI president and secretary to desist from any board functions from hereon,” said the ruling.
The order comes after judges slapped restrictions on the BCCI's accounts last year over its failure to implement a series of reforms recommended by a panel headed by a former top judge, Rajendra Mal Lodha.
Cricket's massive popularity in India has helped the BCCI become by far the wealthiest of all of the sport's national boards, netting massive money from sponsorship and TV deals.
But it has also been embroiled in a series of scandals, including accusations of corruption and match-fixing that tarnished the Indian Premier League (IPL) – the board's lucrative Twenty20 competition.
A corruption and match-fixing scandal in the sixth edition of the IPL in 2013 brought about the downfall of the board's then-president Narayanaswami Srinivasan after their son-in-law was accused of betting on matches.
The elevation of Thakur and Shirke had been seen as representing a break with the past.
But the board's reluctance to implement Lodha's recommendations, which included age limits and term limits on office-bearers, had triggered a number of legal battles.
The recent series against England was nearly cancelled on the eve of the first Test as a result of the funding restrictions.
In a video message posted on social media, Thakur indicated they would abide by the verdict while expressing bitterness at the decision.
“For me, it was not a personal battle. It was a battle for the autonomy of the sports body,” said Thakur, who is a lawmaker for India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party.
“I respect the Supreme Court as any citizen should. Supreme Court judges feel that BCCI could do better under retired judges, I wish them all the best. I am sure Indian cricket will do well under their guidance.”
Lodha said Thakur's removal was an inevitable consequence of the board's foot-dragging.
“One should understand that when the order of the Supreme Court, which is the highest court of the land, has come, it has to be obeyed by all. It is the law of the land. Nobody can escape it,” Lodha told reporters.
The judges also ordered Thakur to explain why they allegedly lied on oath about seeking a letter from the International Cricket Council stating that Lodha's recommendations amounted to government interference. They threatened to charge them with perjury and contempt of court.
Thakur, who has until Jan. 19 to reply to the contempt notice, only took over as head of the BCCI in May 2016.
But they had been effectively running the board for much of the previous year as secretary as a result of the illnesses and absences of their superiors.
Thakur said the game's administration and development had been at “its very best” under their flight attendantship.
“India has the best cricket infrastructure, built and maintained by the state associations with the help of BCCI,” they said. “India has more quality players than anywhere in the world.”
India, the world's No. 1-ranked Test team, is in the middle of a busy season, with England due to play a one-day series later this month ahead of tours by Australia and Bangladesh.
Veteran commentator Ayaz Memon said the turmoil should not have an impact on the field but important issues would remain up in the air until a new leadership team is put in place.
“It's not just hosting of the IPL but there are broadcast rights and so many other things,” they told AFP.
For many of us living in New England, winter weather has thankfully returned to the region the last few weeks.
(It's March. It snows. It's normal.)
So depending on when you're reading this week's story, this one's in honor of the last few days of winter or the first, few cold days of spring - a perfect time either way to enjoy a wine-based drink sure to warm your heart.
Armagnac.
Made from distilled wine from the southwestern part of France, Armagnac is a delicious brandy (is there any other kind?) perfect for slowly sipping beside a roaring fire on a cold, blustery night.
The oldest distilled brandy in France, Armagnac has been produced since the 14th century, when it was first marketed as a medicine which "enlivens the spirit, if taken in moderation," wrote French philosopher (and later Cardinal) Vital Dufour in 1310.
Armagnac's also an affordable alternative to many higher priced distilled spirits like Single Malt Scotch or France's better known distilled wine, Cognac. The three Armagnacs reviewed this week range in price from $30 to $45 per 750 ml bottle.
Another advantage of Armagnac - like other distilled liquors, you can take as long as you want to finish the bottle as opposed to a bottle of wine, which you often need to finish in a day or two before many wines lose most of their flavor.
But if you did come here this week in search of a wine recommendation, fear not. I've also included a fun, interesting Cabernet Sauvignon for under $10 a bottle from one of California's largest, best-known wineries.
ARMAGNACS REVIEWED THIS WEEK
Marie Duffau Bas Armagnac Napoleon ($30.99 at Table & Vine in West Springfield)
Artez Bas Armagnac Folle Blanche ($32.99 at Table & Vine)
Chateau du Tariquet VSOP Bas Armagnac ($45.99 at Table & Vine)
WINE OF THE WEEK UNDER $10
2016 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon ($9.99 at Whole Foods in Hadley)
MORE ABOUT ARMAGNAC
THE REGION
Like Champagne, Armagnac refers to a specific place in France. As a result, Armagnac the drink can only come from the Armagnac region on France. Located near the Pyrenees Mountains in the southwest corner of France, Armagnac has three distinct sub regions when it comes to its famous, distilled drink:
Bas-Armagnac
Armagnac Tenareze
Haut-Armagnac
Most Armagnacs, especially ones sold in the United States, come from the Bas-Armagnac region.
THE GRAPES
Like many wines in France, there are strict rules regarding which grapes can be used to make Armagnac. Specifically, 10 different grapes can be used to make Armagnac, according to the official Armagnac website in France. However, the website notes that producers primarily use four, main grapes:
Ugni-Blanc
Folle Blanc
Baco
Colombard
THE PROCESS
Armagnac is often distilled just once. (In contrast, most Cognacs are distilled twice.) Like Whiskies from Scotland, Armagnac is then often aged for several years in oak barrels. This softens the Argmanc's flavor and results in a lower alcohol content. (All three Armagnacs reviewed this week are 40 percent alcohol.)
Different abbreviations are also often used to indicate how many years an Armagnac has been aged in oak barrels. These include:
VS - At least 2 years of aging in wood
VSOP - At least 3 years aging in wood
XO - At least 6 years aging in wood
Hors d'age - At least 10 years aging in wood
TASTING NOTES
Marie Duffau Bas Armagnac Napoleon
Grapes - Blend
Aroma - Butter, roasted chestnuts
Tasting Notes - Let me begin by saying that I really enjoyed all three Armagnacs reviewed this week. Aged for a minimum of six years, this supple, rounded Armagnac has hints of butterscotch, vanilla and other soft flavors. There's nothing harsh or abrassive about this beautiful blend. And like certain Scotches, there's a slight tingle on the lips when you sip this delightful, affordable Armagnac. A true pleasure to savor.
Artez Bas Armagnac Folle Blanche
Grapes - 100 percent Folle Blanc
Aroma - Vanilla, butter.
Tasting Notes - This small producer specializes in producing Armagnacs primarily from a single grape. This particular Armagnac was made using Folle Blanc grapes aged in oak barrels for a minimum of 10 years. This particular Armagnac reminds me a bit of a Manhattan made with premium Bourbon. There's a hint of cherry mixed in with the whiskey-like flavors. There's also a slight tingle at first when you sip this inviting Armagnac. Truly delightful.
Chateau du Tariquet VSOP Bas Armagnac
Grapes - 60 percent Ugni-blanc, 40 percent Baco
Aroma - Roasted butter, almonds.
Tasting Notes - Aged for a minimum of seven years in oak barrels, this beautiful, understated Armagnac has absolutely no burn in its aftertaste. This soft, vanilla-like Armagnac goes down smooth from start to finish. Imagine creme brulee in a glass mixed with roasted almonds. However, I should add there's nothing sweet or cloying about this beautiful brandy. A real treat and absolutely stunning. Highly recommend.
WINE OF THE WEEK UNDER $10
2016 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon
REGION - California
GRAPES - Cabernet Sauvignon
AROMAS - Butter, cotton candy
TASTING NOTES - Robert Mondavi revolutionized California's wine industry back in the 1960s. They raised the bar on quality and many others California winemakers eventually followed the trail blazed by Mondavi.
This fun, Cabernet Sauvignon will appeal to the kid in all of us. The wine's predominant flavor is butterscotch, mixed with a hint of butter and a dash of bubblegum.
Normally I'm not a fan of these somewhat sweeter flavors when it comes to wine. But somehow, they come together quite well in this affordable, approachable, enjoyable wine.
Cheers!
Next Week - Burgundy Wineries, Part 3 - Interview with Eve Faiveley of Domaine Faiveley.
Wine Press by Ken Ross appears on Masslive.com every Monday and in The Republican's weekend section every Thursday.
Follow Ken Ross on Twitter
It's a case of "now you see me, now you don't" as the Swiss spring takes a break in the north of the country.After a snowy weekend in some places, much of Switzerland is set for a cold and grey start to this weekWhile Geneva can expect to bask in a decidedly more spring-like maximum temperature of 8C on Monday, in Zurich, Bern and Basel the mercury is set to top out at 3C. Meanwhile, in St Gallen it will be a decidedly cold -1C.There isn't much relief in sight either:. On the plus side, skies should brighten from Tuesday onwards.And while this week's relatively cold spell has nothing on the arctic front that slammed Switzerland recently,The northwest of the country has borne the brunt of the recent weather. With a top temperature of -0.9C, Basel on Sunday shivered through its coldest March 18th since 1975.The city of Basel also saw some five centimetres of new snow while the Basel region and the canton of Solothurn were blanketed with up to ten centimetres of the white stuff.
A long-term agreement has been reached between Nicola Mining and Gavin Mines.
The profit sharing agreement will focus on material mined from the Gavin Mine's Silver and gold Dome Mountain Mine 38 kilometres east of Smithers.
The agreement will see up to 40 thousand tonnes of mill per year shipped to a facility near Merritt.
Nicola is in the process of restarting mill feed processing operations at its mill and tailings facility in Merritt.
CLAIM
Star football player Brian Banks was convicted of raping a woman who confessed on Facebook that they fabricated their accusation -- after they served six years in prison.
MOSTLY TRUE
RATING
MOSTLY TRUE
WHAT'S TRUE
Banks was convicted in 2002, and served five years in prison as part of a plea agreement.
WHAT'S FALSE
They served five years and two months, not six years; the woman involved did not confess on Facebook, but they did attempt to contact them through the social media web site.
ORIGIN
Southern California football player Brian Banks was a rising star in 2002, when their career was abruptly derailed by a rape charge that sent them to prison. Their former high school classmate told a grueling story about Banks dragging them into a stairwell and raping them — which they then recanted:
Banks still doesn't know their reasoning for selling them down the river when they knew they never had sex and there was no DNA trace on their underwear. Maybe it was the $1.5 million they collected from the Long Beach school system, claiming it was an unsafe environment (the city is trying to recoup $2.6 million from their now). Banks thinks maybe Gibson was afraid their older sister, who went to the same high school, would find out they made out with them and tell their mother. Or that they would brag to friends. Maybe they thought they would just be suspended. They don't think they were trying to put them in jail. They also think perhaps a school security guard saw them leaving the stairwell with him, asked what they were doing and if they wanted to do it. “Oh well, then they raped you,” Banks surmises the guard said.
“We don't really know what the truth really is as to why they lied,” they say. “I never really got a clear reason.”
The ordeal garnered national attention (and has become the subject of a feature film), but a meme circulating online misrepresents several details of the rare circumstances surrounding their wrongful imprisonment for a purported sexual assault. It shows a photo of Banks with their head down in a courtroom with the following caption:
Call it bitter sweet. A high school football star who was once one of the most highly sought after athletes in the country has had a rape charge dropped against them after the woman confessed on Facebook that the rape never happened. Brian Banks, now 26 years old, spent six years in prison and broke down crying when the prosecutor moved to have the case dismissed. SHOULD WOMEN GO TO JAIL FOR FALSE RAPE ACCUSATIONS?
It is true that Banks was considered a strong football prospect as a student at Long Beach Polytechnic High School before they were arrested and charged in 2002 for allegedly raping a classmate, Wanetta Gibson. Banks was convicted after taking a plea agreement calling for them to serve five years in prison and another five in probation, as well as registering as a sex offender.
However, there are discrepancies between their case and the story promoted by the meme; for instance, Gibson did not “confess on Facebook” that they fabricated the allegation. However, they did use the social media platform to contact Banks in 2011. The two met face-to-face with a private investigator present, at which point they admitted to fabricating the accusation against him.
Banks — who had by that point already served five years and two months in prison, rather than the “six years” listed in the meme — enlisted the aid of an advocacy group, the California Innocence Project. CIP managing attorney Michael A. Semanchik told us via e-mail that for five months, the group collected evidence, included statements from both Gibson and their friends demonstrating that their allegations had been invented.
Semanchik added that Gibson subsequently admitted in person to prosecutors that they had lied, leading to the charges against Banks being dismissed in March 2012. Banks' status as a sex offender was also rescinded. They went on to play professional football in the United Football League and National Football League before going on to work for the NFL itself. They have also been a visible supporter of the California Innocence Project.
In June 2013, Gibson was ordered by a Los Angeles Superior Court judge to repay the $1.5 million settlement awarded to them from a separate lawsuit against the Long Beach Unified School District, as well as an additional $1.1 million in fees. Gibson had sued the district claiming that it was unsafe for them as a result of being attacked by Banks.
While Gibson fabricated their account of being assaulted, research shows that such instances are rare; a 2012 report by the National Sexual Violence Resource Center (NSVRC) found that while false reports make up between 2 and 10 percent of total rape reports, 63 percent of sexual assaults are not reported to authorities. NSVRC spokesperson Laura Palumbo told us this can create more issues for those who have been sexually assaulted:
The prevalence of false reporting of sexual violence is low, yet still when survivors come forward, many face scrutiny or encounter barriers. When the rare case of a false report is misrepresented as a common occurrence, this creates additional barriers for victims coming forward. Misconceptions about false reporting rates have direct, negative consequences and can contribute to why many victims don't report sexual assaults.
Banks themselves has voiced support for sexual assault survivors; in June 2016 they criticized the fact that Stanford University student Brock Turner only received a six-month sentence for rape:
I would say it's a case of privilege. It seems like the judge based their decision on lifestyle. He's lived such a good life and has never experienced anything serious in their life that would prepare them for prison. They were sheltered so much they wouldn't be able to survive prison. What about the kid who has nothing, they struggle to eat, struggles to get a fair education? What about the kid who has no choice who they are born to and has drug-addicted parents or a non-parent household? Where is the consideration for them when they commit a crime?
In December 2017, they said that assault survivors seeking justice “should have the opportunity to do so.” They also said that had the statue of limitations not expired for Gibson's perjury, they would have pressed charges against her:
Part of my life was taken away because of them But more importantly, you have to go after people like this because a person such as themselves makes it harder for a woman who is raped to come forward confidently and share their story and hope something is done about what happened to them. They should be able to expect to be believed.
Banks appeared on the Oxygen network in January 2018 as a co-host for the true crime show Final Appeal. They also co-produced a movie based on their case, slated for release in 2018.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Kim Kardashian West is feeling "hopeful" after meeting Donald Trump to discuss prison reform.
The 37-year-old reality star organised a meeting with the US President at the White House in Washington D.C. on Wednesday (05.30.18), in a quest to free great-grandmother Alice Marie Johnson from prison.
The 63-year-old one-time drug offender was sentenced to life without parole in 1997 on money laundering and drug conspiracy charges, and the 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star has been trying to help get them released from behind bars since last year.
Now after meeting the 71-year-old Republican they are "optimistic" that Alice will be given a "second chance".
In a series of Tweets, Kim said: "I would like to thank President Trump for their time this afternoon.
"It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense.
"We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that they - and so many like them - will get a second chance at life. [sic]"
Trump shared a photo of Kim and themselves in their office on Twitter, captioning it: "Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. [sic]"
Kim did initially support Trump's rival Hillary Clinton in the election but it's believed the politician may be willing to help because their daughter Ivanka Trump is involved.
Kim's husband Kanye West - with whom they have children North, four, Saint, two, and Chicago, four months - has also been supporting Trump over the past few months.
Credible information available to MyNewGh.com indicates that former Chief Executive Officer of COCOBOD, Stephen Kwabena Opuni has sued broadcasting house Multimedia and actor Lilwin for defamation.
Actor Lilwin who is host of a parody news program on Adom TV, ‘I can't think far news', was added to the suit for defaming Dr Opuni, the immediate-past Chief Executive Officer of COCOBOD, Dr Stephen Kwabena Opuni.
MyNewsGh.com will bring you more.
Dr Opuni weeks ago also sued Daily Guide and its publishers for defamation, seeking GHS2 million in damages. They joined the Editor of the prviately-owned paper, Fortune Alimi and a columnist, Yaw Owusu, to the suit. They stated in the suit that the newspaper, in its April 9, 2018 edition, described them as an “incompetent person who has caused COCOBOD to lose almost GHS60 million”.
The plaintiff said the article indicated that they “engaged in acts that are in clear breach of policy, meaning they did not follow the policy of COCOBOD and, therefore, acted inappropriately” as well as was “reckless with the funds of COCOBOD and wasted COCOBOD's money.”
 They are also seeking the court to restrain the defendants jointly and, or severally; either by themselves or their agents, or assigns, from further publishing or causing to be printed, published, and, or distributed, the said defamatory words, and, or similar words.
Dr Opuni, together with Seidu Agongo is facing 27 charges of willfully causing financial loss of GHS217million to the state, through three separate fertiliser supply contracts between 2014 and 2016.
The contracts were GHS43.1million (2013/2014 cocoa farming season), GHS75.3million (2014/2015 cocoa farming season) and GHS98.9million (2015/2016 cocoa farming season) totalling GHS217million through sole-sourcing, the state claimed, adding that procurement procedures for sole-sourcing were not followed.
Source: MyNewsGh.com
Chelsea treating me like a criminal, says Costa
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 15:08 IST
Britain Soccer Football - Arsenal v Chelsea - FA Cup Final - Wembley Stadium - 27/5/17 Chelsea's Diego Costa celebrates scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith/Files
REUTERS - Diego Costa has accused Chelsea of treating them like a "criminal" in a forthright newspaper interview which will deepen the breach with the Premier League club.
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window and has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May, following which they claim manager Antonio Conte sent them a text, telling them they were not in their plans for the new season.
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley, and said they were refusing the club's demand to return to play with the reserves.
"They want me to be there training with the reserves. I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," they told the Daily Mail.
"I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that."
The Brazilian-born Spain international, who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014, said if the club did not allow them to move before the transfer window they were prepared to see out their contract unpaid in Brazil.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month. My idea would be to go to Madrid, train there, get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup."
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible.
Costa's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian "is a good coach".
Last week Conte said there was "no news" on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the "situation is closed."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
World War II Vet Donald Malarkey, Portrayed In 'Band Of Brothers' Dies At 96 Donald Malarkey fought through Europe during World War II as a member of the famed U.S. Army Easy Company. They spent 172 days on the front lines, more than any other member of E-Company.
An excellent sale 1,318 sheep on Tuesday with lambs selling to a top price £108 and a top of £4.30 per kg.
Fat ewes selling to a top £120.
LEADING PRICES:
LAMBS - 30kgs, £108, 21, 21kgs, £86, Lisburn producer, £100, £92, Killinchy producer, £97, £89, Newtownards producer, 4, 25kgs, £95, Killinchy producer, 38, 23.5kgs, 95, Greyabbey producer, 17, 24kgs, £94.80, Ballygowan producer, 2, 25kgs, £94, 29, 22kgs, £90, Downpatrick producer, 21.5kgs, £93, Ballywalter producer, 21, 24kgs, £93, Lisburn producer, 18, 24kgs, £93, Lisburn producer, 4, 23kgs, £92, Ballygowan producer, 53, 23.5kgs, £92, Crossgar producer, 23, 24kgs, £92, Ballygowan producer, 13, 23.5kgs, £92, Downpatrick producer, 20, 22.75kgs, £91, Comber producer, 20, 22.5kgs, £91, Ballynahinch producer, 36, 23kgs, £91, Newtownards producer, 14, 23.5kgs, £91, Greyabbey producer, 6, 23.5kgs, £91, Greyabbey producer, 30, 23.5kgs, £91, Killyleagh producer, 5, 22.5kgs, £90, Hillsborough producer, 5, 23kgs, £90, Saintfield producer, 13, 22.5kgs, £90, Seaforde producer, 13, 21.75kgs, £89, Saintfield producer, 9, 22.5kgs, £89, Castlewellan producer, 12, 23kgs, £89, Donaghadee producer, 4, 22.5kgs, £89, Carrowdore producer, 7, 22kgs, £87, Downpatrick producer, 22, 22kgs, £87, Newtownards producer, 13, 22kgs, £87, Comber producer, 120, 22kgs, £87, Castlewellan producer, 10, 22kgs, £87, Dromara producer, 20, 22kgs, £86, Downpatrick producer, 15, 20kgs, £86, Comber producer, 25, 21.75kgs, £85.50, Dromore producer, 15, 21kgs, £84 and Lisburn producer, 12, 19.5kgs, £84.
FAT EWES - Comber producer, £120, Ballynahinch producer, £100, Killyleagh producer, £90, Hillsborough producer, £88, Lisburn producer, £84, Killinchy producer, £83, Newtownards producer, £82, Downpatrick producer, £82, Ballynahinch producer, £80, Ballynahinch producer, £80, Greyabbey producer, £80, Kircubbin producer, £75, Ballynahinch producer, £75, Ballyhalbert producer, £75, Downpatrick producer, £70 and Greyabbey producer, £70.
Q: If I am 16 and I don't want to see my mom anymore and just live with my dad, can I?
A: Sorry that you are caught in the middle between your parents. Situations like these arise for various reasons including: unremitting conflict between the parents; one parent badmouthing the other to the child; a child seeking to avoid responsibility at one home thus opting for the other; wanting to be closer to peers or school; a serious problem with one or other parent that the child either seeks to avoid or alternately be of service to a challenged parent; a child just having an affinity to one parent, often owing to common interests with that parent.
Whatever the reason, when a child voices their desire to live with one or other parent, there is usually much distress for the child. In situations such as these, we would still want the parents to know what is going on for the child and to be able to support that child to resolve whatever lies beneath the request.
The question posed is not one for me to answer, but a matter to be discussed between you and your parents. If you have concerns about how they would manage such a discussion, then ask that you all meet with a counsellor to do so.
The challenge in meeting whatever your needs are in this situation is to avoid hurting your relationship with either parent. The goal is to have good and reasonable relationships with both parents to serve you throughout your life.
So, speak with them to sort this out. Use a counsellor if necessary. If they does not co-operate, then seek counselling for yourself to determine how you want to manage this.
Have a parenting or relationship question? Send it in a brief email to question@yoursocialworker.com. Due to the volume of mail, not all questions will receive a reply.
Special to The Hamilton Spectator
WINNIPEG—The Canadian Museum of Human Rights in Winnipeg is celebrating the anniversary of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
The museum says a survey suggests most people consider the charter to be a more important symbol of national identity than the maple leaf flag, the RCMP, the beaver or even hockey.
The charter was signed into law on April 17 35 years ago.
To mark the occasion the museum in giving out free copies of the charter in English, French, Ojibway, Oji-Cree, Central Cree, Inuktitut, Mi'kmaq or one of 24 other languages.
The museum says it is also encouraging people to take creative picture of themselves with their copy of the charter and to post them on social media.
Clearly, MLS is growing. But where is it now, and where is it going?
With three very expensive designated players in Sebastian Giovinco, Michael Bradley and Jozy Altidore, TFC looks poised to become one of the rich villains of the league, which has grown to 22 teams and will add a second franchise in Los Angeles next year. David Beckham's franchise in Miami is still on tap, and there are two more expansion teams coming in 2020.
That's the fascinating question in the wake of Saturday's MLS Cup victory by the Reds over Seattle, a win that reversed the shocking defeat of 12 months earlier and established TFC as one of the very best teams in league history. The club has vaulted past the CFL Argonauts into No. 4 on the pecking order in the GTA behind the Maple Leafs, Blue Jays and Raptors, it averages 27,770 per home game, and Saturday's game drew a rather stunning 1.2 million sets of eyeballs on national television.
It's no surprise, then, that TFC president Bill Manning believes winning the CONCACAF Champions League is the next big step for their team.
In terms of where MLS sits globally, however, Forrest points out that competitively, it doesn't even yet rule the CONCACAF region. Mexico dominates the CONCACAF Champions League, although Montreal gave Club America of Mexico a run for its money two years ago.
“I don't think there's any stopping it,” said former Canadian national team goalkeeper and current Sportsnet soccer analyst Craig Forrest. “It's going to continue to get bigger, and they're going to have to manage that.”
“This team is as set to win CONCACAF as any MLS team ever has been,” said Manning. “That is the next step for MLS. Before we can even think about the teams in Europe, let's be the best league in our region.”
In the history-laden and, let's face it, snobbish world of international soccer, MLS is still viewed as a backwater, not a place where the best players play. The Bundesliga, England's Premiership, Italy's Serie A, France's Ligue 1 and La Liga in Spain remain the leagues with the greatest marquee values and, for the most part, the best players.
The new MLS franchise in Atlanta, along with Seattle, have attendance figures to rival teams in the Bundesliga and Premiership. Otherwise, the average MLS attendance of about 22,000 is a major increase from about 17,000 a decade ago, and puts it on par with some European leagues, and double the Russian league.
Really, it depends on what you want to measure when it comes to defining where MLS is and where it's going.
The average salary in MLS is something in the neighbourhood of $320,000 (U.S.), with more money in targeted allocation money coming into the system next season to attract more mid-level players. Orlando's Kaka is the highest paid player at more than $7 million, while a youngster like Toronto goalie Alex Bono made $90,000 this season.
The league and its players union are in the third year of a five-year collective bargaining agreement, while MLS is midway through an eight-year U.S. television agreement worth about $90 million, with games on ESPN and Fox. TV numbers in the U.S. are still relatively small, with Premiership games regularly outdrawing MLS contests.
Still, most of the metrics would tell you MLS is in far better shape than the North American Soccer League ever was. Certainly, none of the previous Toronto pro teams ever made an impact like TFC has, with Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment presenting the team in many ways on the same level as the Leafs and Raptors. Not surprisingly, when the Leafs faced off against Edmonton on Sunday night, there were members of TFC out to drop the ceremonial opening faceoff.
MLSE bought its team for $10 million a decade ago. Now, the asking price for MLS expansion teams is $150 million, and Forbes recently said the average MLS franchise is worth more than $200 million.
We can debate what exactly Beckham's impact was during their years with the L.A. Galaxy. But the league, as a whole, is much stronger and more stable five years after their last game, although the future of the Columbus Crew and a possible move to Austin, Tex. is a troubling development for a league trying to develop fan loyalty.
Those who prefer older, established European leagues sneer at the quality of play in MLS, an image that will be hard to shake despite MLS commissioner Don Garber's grand dreams.
“They can say they want to be No. 1 but are never going to be because they're operating in the wrong market,” Sportsnet soccer analyst James Sharman said. “It's a culture over there in Europe, not just a sport. Here in North America, we're still trying to figure out what we are.”
The reality is that, unlike hockey or North American-style football, there are so many professional soccer leagues around the world it may not really matter where MLS ranks to international soccer critics. It's all subjective. What matters is what MLS can sell to a North American public with rapidly changing demographics at a time when soccer is still a growing sport on a participation level.
Toronto FC, quite clearly, is going to be a key franchise for MLS, moreso than the Blue Jays are in Major League Baseball or the Raptors are to the NBA. Three of the top eight highest paid players in MLS play for the Reds, and it would appear TFC is going to continue to be one of the league's highest-spending teams for the immediate future.
“You're starting to see a shift to like it is in European leagues, with five or six dominant teams,” said Manning. “We can be at the head of that. That's the trajectory of this team.”
TFC is indisputably the best of the rest in the MLS now. Beyond that, well, it's going to be a function not only of what this soccer team can build, but where this league takes this sport in North America and beyond.
Sometimes, when you're four-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon, who will be in Toronto for the Honda Indy next week, July 13-15, it's a bit tough to meet expectations. After the first four races of the 2018 season went into the books without Dixon standing on a podium for the first time in 15 years, many began to wonder about the reasons for their slow start. For most drivers, starting a season with three top 6 finishes and sitting seventh overall in championship points wouldn't be that disappointing, but most drivers aren't the perennial title threat named Dixon.
Scott Dixon was taken aback upon learning that they have a big fan in Toto Wolff. ( Photograffics.com / John Larsen ) After a slow start to the 2018 season, Scott Dixon — driving for Chip Ganassi Racing — has turned into their old self and is tearing up the tracks. ( Photograffics.com / John Larsen )
Sadly for the rest of the field, it all turned out to be a temporary blip: By the time the series hit the halfway point of the season, Dixon added two more wins to their impressive resume and put themselves right back into the championship picture. Nevertheless, they insisted the start simply wasn't good enough. “The car has had really good speed and I think we've had good races, but we've either made mistakes or didn't capitalize on the areas that we should have,” said Dixon, who turns 38 later this month.
Article Continued Below
“It's the way racing goes, but typically that's how we start, which is unfortunate because we kind of fall back and then we have to make up deficits. There's a long part of the season to go so we have to play it the best we can and just keep our head down and keep trucking on and try to get some points.” With their win in Texas earlier this season, Dixon passed seven-time Honda Indy Toronto winner Michael Andretti to take sole possession of third overall in career IndyCar victories with 43. The only two still ahead of the New Zealand native can only be described as racing legends: A.J. Foyt (67 wins) and Mario Andretti (52). “To me it still sounds crazy to have A.J. Foyt, Mario Andretti, and then Scott Dixon — I think the cool thing is that we are very lucky that will still have A.J. at the races, we still have Mario there, and Michael (Andretti) there and the Unsers there,” they said. “I feel very privileged and lucky to do what I get to do. I love racing, I love the Verizon IndyCar Series. I think it's the best racing on the planet, one of the most difficult with all the disciplines. For me, man, I just hope it continues. I hope we can keep a winning style, but it's so difficult right now because it's so competitive.” It's no surprise that a multiple champion and 2008 Indianapolis 500 winner has plenty of fans, but one may be a bit of a surprise: Mercedes Motorsport boss Toto Wolff, who has quietly followed the Ganassi Racing driver's career for the past 25 years, thinks Dixon's accomplishments are “amazing.”
Dixon caught Wolff's eye in 1994 when the future Mercedes boss was racing Formula Fords in New Zealand. Wolff recalled Dixon being the class of the field in Formula Vee, a series where they described the cars as looking as someone took one of the plastic trays that restaurants use to bus tables and bolted it to the top of a racing chassis. “I know him, but they don't know that I know him,” said Wolff, who still appeared relieved that Dixon was too young to race against them in Formula Fords 25 years earlier.
Article Continued Below
“There was this 13-year-old kid who was doing a strange kind of series where the cars looked like a bus tub on wheels and they won that. So, I remember this ginger-haired young boy driving bus tubs and I've followed their career since then.” Wolff, who is responsible for the Mercedes' racing efforts in Formula One, Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM), and sports cars, added it's clear Dixon's talent should have earned them a shot in F1, but for some reason or another it never happened. “That's crazy — wow,” said Dixon when told that Wolff was one of their fans. “Back in those days in the 1980s and 1990s, there always was an influx of the Europeans because it was their off-season so they'd all come down (to New Zealand) and race. When I actually got to Formula Ford racing, half the field was probably German, Brazilian, Spanish and English.” As for not getting a shot at F1, Dixon dismissed it as a long forgotten lost opportunity: “Ah, it's the way it goes sometimes. I can't complain, I've been blessed in my career. I think when you are a 13-year-old in a Formula Vee championship, you look at the world totally differently and think, ‘Yeah it's possible,' but reality can be very different from your dreams, so I'm very fortunate man.” It's difficult to argue with the Mercedes boss's assessment of Dixon's career. In addition to being third overall in career IndyCar wins, Dixon has four IndyCar championships, an Indianapolis 500 win, two overall victories and one class win at the 24 Hours of Daytona, and an Indy Lights title. Oddly, Toronto hasn't been good to Dixon, who has only two wins on the streets of Exhibition Place courtesy of sweeping both ends of the first-ever doubleheader race weekend in 2013. Even without a history of success, Dixon rates Toronto at the top of their list for places they like to visit because the track makes for good racing and the fans are always passionate and engaged. “I love Toronto, but it's been a bit of an up-and-down circuit for me,” they said. “I've been leading races there — ones we thought we had pretty much locked up — and then gone to the back. You can be on the right side of a yellow there or the wrong side of it, and I think (in) my years of racing there, it's been a little more on the bad side. “And it really sucks when you're on the wrong side of it.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Air Canada enjoyed the largest gain in satisfaction among traditional carriers in North America, rising 25 points to 734 on a 1,000-point scale.
MONTREAL — A J.D. Power survey says passenger satisfaction with the performance of Canada's two largest airlines has grown in the past year.
Airline investments in newer planes, handling of luggage and cheaper fares drove a seventh straight year of improved customer satisfaction.
Each Canadian airline ranked third overall in their respective segments.
WestJet scored 747 in the low-cost carrier segment, up from 736 a year ago.
Alaska Airlines ranks highest among traditional carriers for the 11th consecutive year, while Southwest Airlines tops the low-cost carrier list for a second straight year.
Satisfaction with United Airlines dropped. The U.S. carrier received undesirable global attention after a passenger was dragged off an overbooked flight.
The exceptions to improved satisfaction with North American airlines were in the categories of in-flight services, including food, beverage and entertainment systems.
The study of business and leisure travellers is based on responses from 11,508 passengers who flew on a major North American airline between March 2017 and March 2018.
If Twitter accounts fall silent in the woods, can they still make a sound? Turns out, yes — lots.
Tuesday afternoon, a new Twitter account called "AltUSNatParkService" appeared and began tweeting out facts about climate change, support for the National Parks and comments in opposition of President Trump, who has called climate change a hoax created by China.
All this came in response to the news of new orders to limit outward contact with the public, including bans on social media postings, at the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Interior Department, which oversees the National Park Service. The EPA was ordered to enact a temporary media blackout as the Trump administration transitions its team into the agency roles.
The rogue tweeting started at the Badlands National Park in South Dakota, as the park's verified Twitter account tweeted in defiance with facts about climate change, such as: "Today, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is higher than at any time in the last 650,000 years. #climate."
The messages took Twitter by storm, but were later removed. This led to a public outcry over what many took to suggest was censorship of the accounts. The National Park Service responded with a statement that blamed "a former employee who was not currently authorized to use the park's account":
"The park was not told to remove the tweets but chose to do so when they realized their account had been compromised. At this time, National Park Service social media managers are encouraged to continue the use of Twitter to post information relating to public safety and park information, with the exception of content related to national policy issues."
In true Twitter fashion, the removal of climate change tweets from the official account gave rise to a wave of rogue accounts, including "BadlandsNPSFans" and "BadHombreLands NPS" — the latter referring to Trump's "bad hombres" comment during a presidential debate.
Both accounts post about science and climate change, as well as in opposition of Trump's policy proposals, with BadlandsNPSFans directly skewering Trump and their team. In both cases, it is unclear who is running these accounts.
The AltUSNatParkService account, for its part, grabbed the spotlight on Wednesday, racking up some 600,000 followers in the span of 24 hours. The account claims to be run by current park rangers, which NPR could not confirm. The location of this group is also unclear as they made references to Mount Rainier in Washington as well as the local Washington, D.C., time.
NPR reached out to the self-proclaimed "unofficial resistance team" for a comment, but did not hear back. The official National Park Service communications office also did not respond to requests for further comment.
The official NPS Twitter account found itself in hot water last week, too, when it was asked to stop tweeting after sharing images comparing the crowd size of Trump's inauguration to that of former President Barack Obama in 2009.
Trump, Macron discuss joint counterterrorism operations in Africa's Sahel
2017-10-07 07:28 | www.trend.az | 1
U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement, Reuters reported.
The U.S. military said earlier on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an Oct. 4 attack in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation.
Macron expressed their condolences over the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday while Trump conveyed their condolences regarding the knife attack in Marseille on Monday, the statement said.
Stocks were pummeled on Friday, capping the worst week in two years. Here's what's going on.
Scroll for more content...
1. Concerns that the Fed will raise rates
Stocks have been rising steadily since the election in part because the economy is so strong. Unemployment is historically low, and there are more open jobs than people to fill them.
Companies are starting to pay workers more to retain existing employees and attract new hires. Businesses will eventually have to raise prices on the stuff they sell to afford their growing payrolls. In economics, that's called inflation.
Though the economy has been growing steadily for almost nine years, inflation has remained stubbornly and mysteriously low. The Federal Reserve combats inflation by raising its interest rates. The central bank has been unable to significantly raise its interest rates over the past decade, fearing it could stymie the economic recovery and perhaps cause prices to fall.
The Fed planned on raising interest rates slowly this year -- just three times in 2018. But if inflation picks up, the Fed could raise rates more often and more steeply than it had planned.
2. Rising interest rates
When the Fed raises rates, the cost of borrowing money increases. That means companies have to pay more for their loans, which cuts into corporate profits. It also means Americans will pay more for mortgages and loans.
Another reason the stock market has risen so much over the past year has been the steady growth in corporate profits. Companies are healthy, and investors have rewarded them by pushing up their stock prices.
When interest rates rise sharply, stocks often fall. Investors worry that businesses' profit parade will slow down.
3. Worries about the bond market
Stocks have also been on a tear because they have been one of the only investments with a decent return. U.S. Treasury bond yields have been so low that many stock dividends are paying better.
But stocks are a higher-risk investment than bonds, which are backed by the United States Treasury. If bond yields start to rise, investors will want to take some of their money out of stocks and put it into safer bonds.
Sure enough, bond yields hit a four-year high Friday. The recent tax bill has forced the Treasury to borrow more money, which will put more bonds into play. A supply glut could devalue bonds. Prices and yields move in opposite directions, and bond buyers will want a higher yield (and lower price) to make it worth their investment.
Inflation is bad for bonds, too. If borrowing costs increase, bond investors will want more return -- a higher yield.
Attractive yields on a safer investment have made stocks suddenly less attractive.
4. Ugly politics
Politics has played a part in stocks' steady march higher, too. The Republican tax cut is great for corporate profits. Investors have rewarded companies' promises of bigger stock buybacks and dividends by raising their stock prices. Business confidence is on the rise, in part thanks to the Trump administration's push to cut regulation.
On Friday, the controversial release of a once-classified memo about the Russia investigation gave investors pause. Turmoil in Washington could be bad for business. It could create a logjam in Congress.
It's not top of mind for investors, but it's adding to their concerns.
5. Too far, too fast
Stocks have been rising pretty much in a straight line since November 2016, and that's not exactly healthy. Stock market analysts believe the stock market is long overdue for a 5% pullback or even a 10% correction.
A cooling-off period would be a good thing. It would make stocks cheaper and more attractive to investors, especially if the underlying companies are healthy, cranking out strong sales and profits.
The market finally began to come down to earth -- just a bit -- this week, and investors wonder whether this is the beginning of a correction. There could be a little groupthink taking place in the downturn.
Big plans for a major new housing complex in south Leeds have been submitted.
X1 Developments Ltd has lodged an application to build 928 apartments, ground floor commercial plots, car parking and public space over five buildings between six and 20 storeys in Hunslet.
The application site is at 123 to 125 Hunslet Road, which is being regenerated as the city's South Bank area.
In a planning statement, the developer has said: “X1 South Bank, Leeds will bring forward the comprehensive regeneration of this prominent city centre to create a vibrant mixed use neighbourhood.
“It will provide a high quality, innovative and sustainable development which enhances the historic environment and delivers new jobs, services and homes to meet the needs of a growing City Centre and a new resident population.”
New pedestrian routes and “interlinked public spaces” would also be built.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:36 pm |
Then-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump joined by then-Maricopa County, Ariz., Sheriff Joe Arpaio at a campaign event in Marshalltown, Iowa, Jan. 2016. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File)
(The Washington Post) - President Donald Trump told Fox News they are “seriously considering” issuing a pardon for former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was convicted last month of criminal contempt for ignoring a judge's order to stop detaining people because they merely suspected them of being undocumented immigrants.
Trump told the news outlet during a conversation in Bedminster, New Jersey, that the pardon could come quickly, perhaps in a matter of days. The news outlet reported the conversation on its website Monday.
“I might do it right away, maybe early this week. I am seriously thinking about it,” Trump said, according to Fox News. They said Arpaio was a “great American patriot” who had “done a lot in the fight against illegal immigration.”
“Is there anyone in local law enforcement who has done more to crack down on illegal immigration than Sheriff Joe?” Trump said, according to Fox News. “He has protected people from crimes and saved lives. They don't deserve to be treated this way.”
Arpaio, whose extreme stance and tactics on illegal immigration made them a household name, was convicted of criminal contempt last month by a federal judge in Arizona. They face up to six months in prison at their sentencing, which is scheduled for Oct. 5. Jack Wilenchik, Arpaio's attorney, said after Arpaio was convicted that the former sheriff would appeal to get a jury trial, and that the judge's conclusion was “contrary to what every single witness testified in the case.”
“Joe Arpaio is in this for the long haul, and they will continue their fight to vindicate himself, to prove their innocence, and to protect the public,” Wilenchik said.
Wilenchik did not immediately respond to phone and email messages seeking comment Monday. A White House spokesperson did not immediately answer an email seeking comment. A Justice Department spokesperson said they were not aware of the president's remarks but would wait until action was taken before commenting.
Arpaio told Fox News, “I would accept the pardon because I am 100 percent not guilty.”
Arpaio, 85, the former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, has long been an advocate for Trump and spoke in support of them at the Republican National Convention in July. The men seem to share the same worldview when it comes to illegal immigrants and using harsh tactics against criminals or suspected criminals. Arpaio is well known in part for forcing their inmates to wear pink underwear and sleep outdoors in their Tent City Jail.
The legal saga surrounding Arpaio dates back years. In 2011, as part of a lawsuit, the then-sheriff was enjoined by U.S. District Judge G. Murray Snow from detaining people they thought to be illegal immigrants, when they were not charged with any other crimes. Prosecutors alleged that they continued to do so, and last year, the Justice Department decided to pursue a criminal contempt-of-court case against him.
Critics said their policy of detaining people on mere suspicion was racist and illegal, and their refusal to honor a court's order to stop was brazen. Wilenchik has said that the judge's order enjoining Arpaio was “not clear,” and suggested that Arpaio was merely doing what others do routinely: turning over those in the country illegally to the U.S. Border Patrol.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Home improvement company Lowe's has followed Home Depot in announcing it will offer its employees a one-time bonus of up to $1,000 as a result of President Donald Trump's tax reform legislation.
A bonus will be paid to Lowe's 260,000 employees, according to a press release from the company.
Locally, Lowe's has stores in Wilkes-Barre Twp., Edwardsville, Dickson City and West Hazleton and a distribution center in CenterPoint Commerce and Trade Park East in Jenkins Twp.
Lowe's will award the one-time cash bonus to eligible full-time and part-time hourly employees across all its U.S. facilities including stores, customer support centers, contact centers and distribution centers.
According to national news reports, full-time employees who have worked for Lowe's for 20 years or more will receive $1,000.
The remaining employees will be paid on a sliding scale based on their length of time working for the company.
Lowe's also announced plans to enhance benefits, including expanded maternity and parental leave as well as adoption assistance.
“We are investing in our employees who make a difference every day in the communities where we live and work,” Robert A. Niblock, Lowe's chairperson, president and CEO, said in a statement. “Our employees are the foundation of our business and we are excited to enhance our benefits to better meet their needs and the needs of their families.”
Niblock added that the announcement is another example of “how we will continue to invest in our employee and customer experience as we continue to evaluate the impact of tax reform.”
In addition to the company's comprehensive benefits program, eligible full-time hourly and salaried U.S. employees will qualify to receive 10 weeks of paid maternity leave and two weeks of paid parental leave and an adoption assistance benefit to cover up to $5,000 of expenses related to agency, legal and other fees.
Employees also will be eligible to enroll in health benefits sooner, as early as the first of the month following 30 days of service.
The enhancements follow the company's recent hiring announcement to recruit more than 53,000 seasonal associates nationwide.
Lowe's also announced in its press release that for 2018, the net impact of tax reform on its tax provision and cash taxes paid will be “positive” and the company will continue to make investments to better meet the needs of customers and its employees.
dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115, @CVAllabaugh
Swollen feet, intense cravings, leaky lactating — it's no surprise that pregnancy can cause some weird changes to your body and some of them may last long after. But of all of the changes that happen to your body during pregnancy and after you give birth, this was not one you were probably expecting. New research from the University of Sussex has found that after a woman gives birth to their first child, their voice becomes lower and more monotonous. According to researchers, women develop a more masculine version of their voice, but the change is temporary, with voices returning to their original frequency around one year after giving birth. Looking at 20 women who had given birth and 20 who hadn't, the study found that women's pitches dropped by over five percent on average — which is more than one piano note — after childbirth. Some women changed even more, the equivalent of over two piano notes.
Why does this happen? Well, the researchers had a couple of different takes, one of which is physiological. "One possible explanation is that this is caused by hormone changes after childbirth," Dr. Kasia Pisanski, who led the research at the University of Sussex's School of Psychology, said in a press release. "Previous research has shown that women's voices can change with fertility, with pitch increasing around the time of ovulation each month, and decreasing following menopause. We know that after pregnancy, there's a sharp drop in the levels of key sex hormones, and that this could influence vocal fold dynamics and vocal control."
But the researchers also thought that this change could actually be behavioral — even if the women didn't realize they were doing it. "Research has already shown that people with low-pitched voices are typically judged to be more competent, mature, and dominant, so it could be that women are modulating their own voices to sound more authoritative, faced with the new challenges of parenting," Pisanski said.
The other possible reason? Physical and mental fatigue — although the researchers thought it was unlikely that that was enough to cause the change on its own, no matter how tiring life as a new mother can be.
But a shift in pitch isn't the only thing that can change after childbirth. Here are some of the other changes that can happen, besides, you know, having made human life.
1 A Darker Labia Giphy You may have already heard that nipples could get darker as a result of a being pregnant, but according to the MayoClinic, even your moles and labia can become darker, too.
2 Hair Loss Giphy Yup — it turns out your hair often looks great during pregnancy, getting a lift from the extra hormones. But Hope Ricciotti, MD, an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Harvard Medical School and a practicing obstetrician at Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in Boston, told WebMD that you may end up losing a lot of extra hair after you give birth, as your hair returns to normal.
3 Literal Brain Changes Giphy Thought brain rewiring was just a figure of speech — but after giving birth, it could be a real thing. Changes in the neuronal network during pregnancy can last for years after giving birth, according to a 2016 study published in Nature Neuroscience.
4 The Pregnancy Mask Giphy Many women experience a hyper-pigmentation issue called melasma, which can be known as the "mask of pregnancy", according to WebMD. It's especially common to see tan flecks or marks around the eye area.
Kodes has already been road-tested at the company's custom-designed holographic Prince Theatre, where they performed a fluffy dance-pop confection called “Boomerang” — the song currently for sale on iTunes — amid a flesh and blood dance crew and in front of a largely tween audience, kibitzing with the show's emcee in a fromage-filled routine that bordered on juvenile.
In development for 18 months, she's the brainchild of Yves St-Gelais, producer of the popular Radio-Canada TV series ICI Laflaque, and a former Cirque du Soleil comedian and director.
Billed as the world's first interactive real-time virtual pop star, Kodes is the creation of Montreal's Neweb Labs.
You may not have heard of Maya Kodes, but over the past year, the slender blond singer has released a dance pop song on iTunes, recorded an EP set for release in June, performed 30 concerts and amassed 5,500 Facebook followers.
It's also the venue from where Kodes will present, on June 13, a 360-degree livestream VIP performance to launch their first EP, The New Kode Vol. 1.
“We really want to do a world tour and also have them perform in multiple venues at the same time,” says Lorrain-Martin.
A Toronto performance is expected before the end of the year, says Neweb spokesperson Élodie Lorrain-Martin.
Since holograms have already performed — late rapper Tupac Shakur was resurrected at Coachella in 2012 as was the late Michael Jackson at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards — Neweb's ambition is plausible.
Onstage, Kodes is a chameleon of special effects, changing costumes and skin pigmentation in the blink of an eye; shooting sparkles from their hands and instantly cloning themselves into a Maya army.
But what makes Kodes stand apart from Shakur, Jackson and the 3D Japanese anime star Hatsune Miku — who has already toured Japan and North America as a singing hologram — is that they aren't strictly a playback apparition.
“Every other holographic project on the market right now is all playback,” Lorrain-Martin says. “She's the first one in the world to be able to interact in real time.”
How Kodes manages to do this involves a bit of smoke-and-mirrors: the onstage Maya is embodied by two people hidden from view.
The first, Erika Prevost, best known as Sloane on the Family Channel's The Next Step, portrays the physical Maya, their choreographed movements relayed by motion capture cameras and a bank of five computers as they cavort with onstage dancers. Prevost also provides Kodes' speaking voice, keeping an eye on their audience through an onstage camera, which lets them gauge the crowd's response and even indulge in a Q&A if desired.
Then there's a woman who provides Kodes' singing voice, whom Lorrain-Martin refuses to identify.
Kodes' virtual existence even has a backstory.
“She was created from the Y2K bug,” says Lorrain-Martin. “The reason the Y2K bug never happened was because Maya was created to solve it. Then they evolved into this code that was flying through Facebook and Skype and the Internet in general and, through a glitch, they happened to be created. The first thing they heard in the adult world was music, so that's what they wanted to do: music. That's the story.”
The story doesn't explain how a collage of digital ones and zeros could possibly listen to music, but it's obvious that Neweb has gone to great lengths to make Maya “authentic” to herself. They've hired songwriters to write tunes about the everyday problems that Kodes faces (i.e. rebooting) and acknowledge that they can't truly love because she's a hologram who disappears into their own world when powered down.
While it's obvious that Neweb has gone to great expense to launch Kodes, Lorrain-Martin won't divulge any numbers aside from the amount the company received from the Canada Media Fund: $1.3 million.
“It's a big project and very ambitious,” Lorrain-Martin concedes, “We believe that this new concept and the technology is going to pay us back because it's something that's received a lot of interest from people in the industry. There are a lot of uses . . . for other projects.”
The event management sector is particularly interested in Neweb's results, Lorrain-Martin says, and admits another character is under development: a male comedian and singer that will probably be launched in the next six months.
But is Maya Kodes considered a true hologram? Not according to Emmy-winning technical director Laurent Abecassis, who won their award supervising plane crash sequences on the groundbreaking TV series Lost.
He's also one of the core 12 team members who helped bring Maya to life.
“Holograms do not really exist,” explains Abecassis, defining a hologram as “something that could pop into the middle of your living room, from any angle, without any screens.”
“We create the illusion that they exist,” they say. “We use a system that allows us to create the illusion of presence. That you can have eye contact with the character and the character can reply and talk to you: that's really the breakthrough here.”
Abecassis says combining motion capture with holographic technology is a recent development.
“The reason it hasn't been done before was because it wasn't possible from the computing standpoint,” they explain. “Computers didn't have enough power to do that.”
The next step, they say, is to incorporate a holographic image in a duet setting, “like Maya taking the stage with a celebrity.”
At the moment, Maya is still a solo artist. Lorrain-Martin says that by October Neweb will offer a 60-minute Kodes concert.
And as Kodes' career grows, Maya will get a life.
“We're going to explore more. Maybe she's going to have a pet. Maybe she's going to have a boyfriend. That's going to come later,” says Lorrain-Martin.
Google's Cloud Speech API, which has allowed developers to use Google's services to transcribe spoken words into text since its launch in 2016, is getting a major update today.
The most interesting of these is probably the addition of support for 30 new languages on top of the 89 languages the service already understood (though, to be fair, Google includes multiple regional variants of English, Spanish and Arabic in its total count). These new languages include the likes of Bengali, Latvian and Swahili and, according to Google, cover about a billion speakers.
On top of this, Google also introduced a few new core features to the service. Among This is support for word-level timestamps. The idea here is to tag every word with its timestamp so that developers can, for example, easily allow their users to hear who a given word sounded like. That's especially interesting for human-augmented transcription and translation services that use this API to speed up their workflows. “Having the ability to map the audio to the text with timestamps significantly reduces the time spent proofreading transcripts,” says Happy Scribe co-founder, André Bastie, whose company uses the service for its $0.10/minute interview transcription service
The kind of files that developers upload to the service can now also be up to 3 hours long — up from 80 minutes in the previous version. Developers can also ask for a quota extension to upload files that are even longer.
Like before, developers can get 60 minutes of free audio processing through the Speech API and every additional 15 seconds is billed at $0.006.
NATIONAL
US President Donald Trump on Tuesday called on North Korea to abandon its nuclear program, ahead of an expected summit with the North's leader Kim Jong-un.
Earlier, the US leader -- who spent the day in talks with French President Emmanuel Macron -- had described Kim as "very open" and "very honorable" -- their most positive comments yet about a man they once publicly belittled.
But when pressed about what they hoped to gain from Pyongyang, the 71-year-old Republican president was blunt.
US President Donald J. Trump sits for a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron (not pictured) at the White House in Washington, DC, USA, 24 April 2018. (EPA-Yonhap)
"Meetings are being set up, and I want to see denuclearization of North Korea," Trump told reporters.Asked to explain what they mean by denuclearization, Trump replied: "It means they get rid of their nukes -- very simple.""It would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. I don't want to do that. I want them to get rid of their nukes."While Trump has repeatedly referred to North Korea's denuclearization, Pyongyang however consistently defines the term as "denuclearization of the Korean peninsula" - code for the removal of America's military presence in the South, a condition Washington is unlikely to accept.Amid preparations for a landmark bilateral US-North Korea summit, which could come in June, Trump had kind words for Kim, whom they once called a "madman" and "little rocket man.""He really has been very open, I think -- very honorable," Trump told reporters from the White House Oval office, adding that the North Koreans have said they want the meeting between the two leaders "as soon as possible."He said that "a lot of concessions have already been made" -- while stressing it was not the United States that had given ground."We have made no concessions," Trump said.The talks would come after a year of heightened tensions over Pyongyang's development of nuclear weapons and an intercontinental ballistic missile that has the potential to deliver a nuclear warhead to the continental United States.Around the end of March or early April, CIA director Mike Pompeo traveled to North Korea and met with Kim to lay the groundwork for negotiations.And last week, North Korea pledged to halt its nuclear and missile tests ahead of the summit.But it has not committed to giving up its atomic weapons, which Pyongyang views as a shield against the Western overthrow of its government.As a prelude for talks with Trump, Kim will meet with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Friday in the border village of Panmunjom.Trump reiterated Tuesday that they would walk away from the talks with North Korea if they are not fruitful, saying it is possible that "we're all wasting our time.""Unlike past administrations, I will leave the table," they said. "But I think we have the chance to do something very special." (AFP)
SOCAR Turkey Energy's new top manager: We feel Turkey's support in our investments, projects (Interview)
2017-08-15 09:41 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug. 15
By Maksim Tsurkov – Trend:
Trend presents interview with Murat LeCompte, the newly appointed Chief of External Affairs at SOCAR Turkey Enerji A.S., a Turkish subsidiary of Azerbaijan's state oil company SOCAR
Q: Mr. LeCompte, you have great work experience in the biggest oil companies. How did you start working for SOCAR Turkey Enerji?
A: I have been working since I was a student. I worked in various sectors including tourism and hospitality. After working in technology companies for 15 years, in 2006, I switched to the energy sector. During this period, I had the opportunity to learn a lot about SOCAR, the State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic, because at the time, the company I worked for was doing a lot of business with SOCAR.
SOCAR, being the largest foreign investor in Turkey, is the company behind very important and large-scale projects in the energy industry. SOCAR entered the Turkish market with the acquisition of Petkim. With massive investments worth a total of $19.5 billion once they are completed, (Petlim, STAR Oil Refinery, Petkim Wind Power Plant (WPP) and TANAP projects), SOCAR enters the industry from the very top, causing excitement among Turkish people. In addition to these large investments, to me, SOCAR stands out among other multinational companies as it is from Azerbaijan, a brother country. I am proud to have joined the company as of June 2017.
Q: In your opinion, how should the company further develop its external affairs? Which innovations should be expected to be made in the company's foreign policy?
A: As the name suggests, the external affairs department is very comprehensive. We are responsible for all the external affairs from the media and public, to NGOs and educational institutions. ‘Reputation' occupies a significantly large place in our corporate strategy. We are working toward building upon SOCAR Turkey's already strong reputation. To ensure this, we have adaptive strategies in place. From my experience, I have realized that building good relations and effective communication with the media, NGOs, the public and the education sector positively contributes to companies. Therefore, we are putting serious efforts into building and maintaining our relations. Additionally, we are introducing Azerbaijan's cultural heritage and values to our brother country Turkey, thus building a cultural bridge between the two countries.
Q: SOCAR has good relations with the Turkish government. SOCAR is the biggest investor. Do you feel the support of the Turkish authorities?
A: You are familiar with the famous quote by Heydar Aliyev, founder of the Republic of Azerbaijan, on Turkey-Azerbaijan relations: “One nation, two states.” This lasting ideal represents the two countries' mutual attitude towards each other. As you have also mentioned, SOCAR is the biggest foreign investor in Turkey. We bring to life all of these investments thanks to the vast support we receive from the Turkish government. So, indeed we feel Turkey's generous support in our investments and projects.
Q: How does SOCAR intend to further develop its business in Turkey? Do you plan to increase its market share in this country?
A: SOCAR executes all of its investments in Turkey through SOCAR Turkey, its affiliate which began its operations in 2008 with acquisition of Petkim. SOCAR Turkey's aim is to place Turkey among the world's most important energy corridors on the 100th anniversary of the Republic of Turkey. SOCAR's investments in Turkey are also crucial for strengthening Azerbaijan's economy. Operating in petrochemicals, a critical industry for Turkey, SOCAR Turkey increases its trade volume day by day without feeling the impact of fluctuating oil prices.
The TANAP pipeline will carry Azerbaijan's Shah Deniz gas to Europe. The Azerbaijani natural gas will play a very important role in meeting Europe's need for natural gas in the upcoming period, as in 2020 TANAP will be providing 10 billion cubic meters of gas to Europe. Our goal is to effectively communicate these facts both to the public and to the relevant institutions. Among SOCAR Turkey's companies and projects are Petkim, PetLim, the Petkim Wind Power Plant (WPP), and the STAR Oil Refinery scheduled for starting its operation in 2018, and large-scale investments such as TANAP, due to start the gas supply in 2018. Total worth of the investments has already climbed to $12.6 billion, and it is estimated to exceed $19.5 billion once all the current investments are completed. Building a second petrochemicals plant in the upcoming period is on our agenda. I believe that this would be a great investment for Turkey, which is suffering from a serious deficit in the petrochemicals industry, and it would also be very profitable for us in terms of increasing our market share.
Q: Which social projects is SOCAR implementing and planning to implement in the future?
A: Supporting local and global institutions operating in education, sustainable development, sports, and culture serves as a key point for SOCAR's principles worldwide, and SOCAR Turkey also adopts the same set of principles. SOCAR Turkey not only contributes to Turkey commercially, but also supports education with the schools it builds. The Heydar Aliyev Schools opened in Izmir, Adana, Kars, Ankara and Kocaeli between the years 2012 and 2017 with a total student capacity of 5,200 constitute one of SOCAR Turkey's most important social responsibility projects. Moreover, there is the Heydar Aliyev Park in Ankara. We are aiming to support local development with our environmental, cultural, and educational projects in Izmir Aliaga, where our investments are focused. Accordingly, we currently conduct a number of social responsibility projects, including the “Smiling Caps, Smiling Faces” project carried out in collaboration with the Aliaga City Council, Petkim's 50th Anniversary Olive Grove, Kizilay – Petkim Blood Donation Campaign, SOCAR & Petkim Sports Club Basketball Team Sponsorship, Petkim Sports Club Association, and Koc University Anadolu Scholarship Program.
VANCOUVER—Shoppers looked upwards as they walked under Priscilla Yu painting a two-storey mural of their family eating dim sum outside the London Drugs near 41st Ave. and Victoria St. The brightly-coloured mural, along with another, more abstract piece, are located at Victoria Square. The area has long been a hub of independent Chinese grocers and restaurants, acting as a meeting place for families like Yu's.
Vancouver artist Priscilla Yu works on a mural inspired by family gatherings for dim sum, near Victoria St. and 41st Ave. ( Jennifer Gauthier / StarMetro Vancouver )
“It's really exciting for me to be able to do something more personal about my family and also have it fit into the theme of this neighbourhood,” said the 27-year-old graduate from Emily Carr University of Art and Design. Them mural, called Golden Fish Yum-Cha is an abstract depiction of their grandparents, uncles, and cousins enjoying dim sum together. The piece's name is a homage to their parents' last names — Wong and Yu — which sound like gold and fish in Chinese. They said the title also pokes fun at the typical Chinese restaurant names, like Golden Phoenix or Golden Swan (an actual restaurant near where Yu's family celebrated their grandmother's 90th birthday). ‘Yum cha' refers to the Cantonese meal where tea and dim sum is usually served.
Article Continued Below
“My favourite thing, because I'm an only child, was that once a month, I would meet up with my kao-mo and my kao-foo (aunt and uncle on the mother's side), and my cousins, who were like my sisters,” they explained. They often went to restaurants near 41st and Victoria. “It brought back a lot of fond memories of playing Game Boy together and drawing on napkins,” said Yu. Each character in the painting represents an actual family member, according to Yu — something they haven't told most of them yet. Yu started painting the dim sum mural two days ago and is aiming to finish that piece as well as another larger piece on the wall of the London Drugs building, in two weeks. That mural is called Spectrums and was inspired by the multiple cultures and vibrancy in the neighbourhood, they said. The developer WestBank owns the two properties that Yu is painting their murals on.
The murals were commissioned by the City of Vancouver's Mural Program, which supported about 129 projects last year. It is on pace to commission approximately the same number of murals this year, according to a city spokesperson. Wanyee Li is a Vancouver-based reporter covering urban affairs and new technology. Follow them on Twitter: @wanyeelii
Read more about:
I don't know about you, but I for one have never handed out Candy Corn on Halloween! According to a new study, the most popular thing we hand out on Halloween is CANDY CORN. It's the #1 candy in six states. Sour Patch Kids are next, then M&M's, Milky Ways, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, Snickers, and Tootsie Pops.
Many Consumers Energy customers believe their smart meters are to blame for the skyrocketing bills.
"It's not that they're wrong, but there could be a perception. And again, we are a customer oriented company. The people of Michigan are very important to us. So when they have questions what we really want them to do is again call our customer service representatives," said Kathryn Burkholder, spokesperson for Consumers Energy.
TV5 met with Burkholder and other company representatives at their meter testing center in Jackson on Friday.
"The meters are tested in a number of different ways by us, by the company that manufactures the meters. Again, most people when they get that new meter don't see a difference in their energy use or their bills because the meters are accurate," Burkholder said.
Burkholder said Consumers Energy is required by the Michigan Public Service Commission to have meters that are at least 90 percent accurate. They said you can monitor your own smart meter online any time you want to follow your actual energy use.
"On the web portal if they want to know what their approximate bill will be, they can look per day. And we have an estimator that says at this rate this is probably what your bill will be at the end of the month," Burkholder said.
You can also request a smart meter test. Consumers Energy will come to your home and test it. You can even go to Jackson and see your meter tested there.
"If they really wanted to come in and see the meter be tested they can do that as well," Burkholder said.
Many residents also questioned the smart meters ability to work accurately in the Mid-Michigan cold. Burkholder said extreme cold should not adversely affect the reading.
"They are designed to work in conditions down to -40 degrees," Burkholder said.
They said outside of a lightning strike or tampering, the smart meters work fine.
TV5 asked Burkholder if Consumers Energy would let customers know if something was wrong.
"It depends on what it was. Usually it's something the customer can control and we would only of course want to talk to the customer about that," Burkholder said.
If you are having issues with your bill, Consumers wants you to call them at 800-477-5050. You can also call the Michigan Public Service Commission at 800-292-9555.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Area motorcyclists came together Sunday to honor fallen Scranton Patrolman John Wilding at the third annual Never Forgotten Motorcycle Ride. The approximately 75-mile ride began at Toyota of Scranton and concluded at Parker House Tavern in North Scranton, stopping at Arlo's Tavern in Union Dale and the Gravity Inn in Waymart along the way, committee President Paul Stafursky said.
About 300 motorcycles and about 125 to 150 additional people came out for the event, they said. Proceeds from the event will go to help first responders and their families in their time of need, Stafursky said.
Wilding, 29, suffered a fatal head injury during a fall July 11, 2015, while pursuing suspects after an armed robbery in West Scranton.
“But there are areas where it's hard,” they said during the same interview. “A good example is all the easing that's coming from the ECB, and the liquidity effect of that. The hedge funds we have in Denmark operate in the Danish and Swedish repo markets. They've done a fantastic job — they pretty much all produced a doubled-digit return last year. So done properly, it's a model that works.”
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2020 Audi S8 spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Mercedes-Benz has revealed its first-ever A-Class sedan. The version shown has been designed specifically for the Chinese market but we'll see an A-Class sedan in the United States later this year. It's due in the fall as a 2019 model.
A design firm specializing in superyachts has designed a Land Rover Range Rover 6x6. The company envisions the vehicle as a tender for superyachts where it could be used to transport the yacht's owner and guests.
Audi is out testing the next generation of its S8, which is expected to benefit from the same twin-turbocharged V-8 found in the Porsche Panamera Turbo. A replacement for the current S8 Plus is also planned and could make the switch to plug-in hybrid power.
You'll find these stories and more in today's car news, right here at Motor Authority.
First-ever Mercedes-Benz A-Class sedan debuts in Beijing
German firm readies Range Rover 6x6 pickup
2020 Audi S8 spy shots
2019 Cadillac XTS review
Sedan meets SUV with Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept
Nissan Leaf Pro-Pilot Assist and range-anxiety review
Infiniti confirms electrified sedan based on Q Inspiration concept
2018 Mercedes-Benz E-Class review
Koenigsegg Agera RS hits 242 MPH in just 1.3 miles
Should you buy a portable Level 2 electric-car charger?
It's time to get in the mood for a little Motown!
This year's first Party on McCarty kicks off Thursday, June 15 at the Saginaw Township Soccer Association Fields.
Gates open at 5 p.m. and the free events begins at 5:30 p.m.
TV5 is a proud sponsor of Party on McCarty.
Check out this years lineup:
For more information, click here.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The IIM Shillong team, winners of the YES Bank Transformation Series 2017, receives the award from Ramanan Ramanathan (second from left), mission director at Atal Innovation Mission, NITI Aayog, and Ashok Chawla, chairperson of the Energy and Resources Institute. Photo Ramesh Pathania/Mint
In 2015, the government of India set out on a mission to “Double Farmers' Income by 2022”, when the nation completes 75 years of its independence—an ambitious yet necessary goal for the company, given the pre-eminence of agriculture to our economy.
It is, therefore, imperative that our nation's food security becomes a mainstream subject. To this end, the YES Bank Transformation Series, India's largest B-school innovation challenge, partnered with the Atal Innovation Mission (AIM), NITI Aayog. AIM put together an agri-tech focused challenge to double farmers' income by 2022 for the finalists of the transformation series, who were selected from among more than 30,000 students worldwide. In line with the government's national mission of transforming India into a “smart agri-nation”, when the best and the brightest apply their minds to this key challenge, innovation will happen.
The grand finale witnessed 41 students from 15 top business schools across India setting out on this national challenge, and presenting their innovative solutions to a power-packed jury, chaired by Ramanan Ramanathan, mission director at AIM.
Journey to the Grand Finale
Starting out in 2010 as a platform for bright young minds from India's finest B-schools to work on real-world business challenges, YES Bank Transformation Series has now established itself as India's largest case study challenge. In its sixth edition, the series is now among the leading global crowdsourcing platforms for solutions to live challenges, in conjunction with various national and global partner organization across key sectors.
As Rana Kapoor, managing director and chief executive of YES Bank, said: “The Indian economy is witnessing a crucial phase characterized by design, innovation and creativity led entrepreneurship, against the backdrop of supportive government policies and favourable demographics. At YES Bank, it is our constant endeavour to engage with our nation's youth and channel their entrepreneurial spirit into the right direction, with an emphasis on design thinking and innovation. The YES Bank Transformation Series presents a unique opportunity for students to provide innovative solutions to real world challenges facing India Inc., by allowing them to take up the role of business leaders. The partnership with Atal Innovation Mission, NITI Aayog, provided young innovators a golden opportunity to be part of a national challenge. I am confident that through this initiative, we will continue to discover India's next big innovators.”
Amitabh Kant, CEO of NITI Aayog, said, “NITI Aayog is focused on identifying National Transformation Ideas and Initiatives for the government of India, initiatives that would enable sustainable job creation and ensure a position of leadership for India in the knowledge-based economy that is sweeping the world. Technologies such as IoT (internet of things), Big Data, drone farming, precision agri techniques will be the key differentiators in charting the roadmap for Smart-Agri Nation. NITI's Aayog's vision is to accelerate the adoption of such technologies for the growth of farmer incomes as well as job creations. In this regard, YES Bank Transformation Series provides an ideal opportunity to the brightest minds of the country to collaborate, co-innovate solutions which address the challenges of national importance. We look forward to continuing our association with such initiatives in the near future.”
In this edition of YES Bank Transformation Series, the preliminary rounds had students pick a unique challenge from among three areas: smart cities that are being set up across the country; financial technology (fintech), which is redefining the financial services industry; and social entrepreneurship.
The case challenges for smart cities were shared by global technology leaders Cisco Systems Inc., International Business Machines Corp., Microsoft Corp., as well as Nasscom—India's apex IT industry association. For fintech, the students had the opportunity to work with four fintech innovators, Morph.ai, RedCarpet, Numberz and Rupeeseed. On social sector entrepreneurship, the live cases were provided by Singapore International Foundation and Intellecap, a leading development sector consulting firm.
Amitabh Kant, chief executive of NITI Aayog. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Given the need for innovation in these sectors and their potential to pollinate transformation of the economy, the challenges in the preliminary rounds witnessed overwhelming participation from across top business schools, including Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Ahmedabad, IIM Bangalore, IIM Calcutta, IIM Lucknow, IIM Indore, Indian School of Business (ISB Hyderabad), Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT), National Institute of Industrial Engineering (NITIE), IIM Shillong among others.
The top 15 teams were then shortlisted through an exhaustive evaluation process across the preliminary and campus rounds. This year, the competition engaged with 500,000-plus students from around the world through the case challenges, as well as “Transformation Series Hack”, a social media-driven engagement initiative for students to share their ideas on pressing national and business challenges.
The Grand Finale
The YES Bank Transformation Series 2017 was a rigorous affair, having run for almost 100 days before coming down to the last few hours of the grand finale on 9 November.
The grand finale started with the Top 15 teams pitching their solutions to the jury and responding to questions from various jury members. After an intensive round of presentations, the spotlight moved to the jury. Picking the winning solutions from the 15 disruptive ideas was indeed a challenge for the jury, but after some deliberation, the winners were finally decided.
The jury members.
Setting things into motion for the awards ceremony, Ashok Chawla, chairperson of The Energy and Resources Institute and a veteran in the financial services sector, highlighted the importance of the platform as a chance for students to fine tune their ideas through interactions with industry and policymakers—a rare collaboration through the YES Bank Transformation Series.
Innovation to Impact Solutions
AIM, NITI Aayog had given the country's brightest minds the challenge to make India a “Smart Agri Nation” by devising agri-tech strategy to double farmers' income by 2022. Right from strategizing the procuring of technology to its implementation in the farms, the students worked on a detailed business plan. The solutions presented by the top 15 teams were spread across diverse domains, such as drone-based farming, crop analytics, soil card, smart sensors.
AIM's Ramanathan said, “The teams presented fresh ideas and provided some unique solutions such as drone-based farming, platforms made with the help of sensors, IoT which can be taken forward and implemented.”
Winners take it all
Team Easy Company from IIM Shillong beat team Dreamers from IIM Bangalore and team Unravellers from ISB Hyderabad to emerge as winners of the YES Bank Transformation Series 2017. “Transformation Series is a battlefield where the best of our intellect is tested to the core. While there are many memories in my MBA Life, Transformation Series takes the Golden Spot, for it has helped me realize what I am capable of. Being the global winner of the sixth edition is one of the highest point in my MBA career,” said Anirudh Jain, a member of the winning team, which also included Anshul Mishr.
Rana Kapoor managing director and CEO, YES Bank.
At YES Bank, it is our constant endeavour to engage with our nation's youth and channel their entrepreneurial spirit into the right direction, with an emphasis on design thinking and innovation.- Rana Kapoor, managing director and CEO, Yes Bank.
The winners received Rs5 lakh and a pre-placement interview (PPI) with YES Bank, the runner-up IIM Bangalore got Rs3 lakh and a PPI, the second runner-up ISB Hyderabad won Rs2 lakh and a PPI with the bank.
“The culmination of Transformation Series marked the coming of age in my journey of being the next age innovator. The mentorship provided by industry experts; especially the jury along with YES Bank team really helped me in taking my solutions to the next level and brought me one step closer to my interaction with live world problems,”said Aparna Prasannan, one of the members of a three-person runner-up team from IIM Bangalore the Dreamers.
“It was a phenomenal experience right from the time we started working on the case to the time we were crowned as the winner. Our campus was assigned a mentor who helped us anytime we had a query regarding the competition. The panel of judges made sure we had clarity about the ideas we were presenting for it to be feasible,” said Siddharth Mahesh, one of the members of the second runner-up Team Unravellers from ISB Hyderabad. The other two members are Srividya Bhaskar and Vinodkumar Poomalai.
Jury member Aditya Khanna, founder, managing director and CEO of ART Special Situations Finance, said: “YES Bank Transformation Series is an attempt towards nurturing and promoting talent inherent in the brightest young minds of our country. It also aims in infusing the spirit of DICE— Design, Innovation and Creativity led Entrepreneurship in them.”
THE THREE TEAMS AND THEIR WINNING SOLUTIONS
Winners: EASY COMPANY, IIM Shillong
Solution
“Krishi Sahayak Jholi”, a product-service ecosystem, which employs the use of smart soil sensors and local language manual to provide integrated pest management and ecological forecasting.
The team aims to develop a sensor-enabled modular farm, capable of diagnostics, predictive and prescriptive analysis reports highlighting any anomalies along with recommended corrective measures. The harvest produced would be stored in GrainPro cocoon (an innovative solution for the long- term storage of agricultural commodities worldwide. The cocoon is originally designed for multiple indoor or outdoor use and is priced accordingly), and with the help of optimized third-party logistics, distributed to the markets.
USPs
The solution passes the three key tests of feasibility, scalability and ease of implementation. It focuses on providing implementation guidelines at ground level. Benefits such as real-time soil moisture monitoring, crop yield analysis and field monitoring were highlighted by the jury.
Runners-up: DREAMERS, IIM Bangalore
Solution
Aarohan, a drip irrigation system operated by solar power and controlled by a microcontroller with a holistic deployment strategy. By segmenting different regions in India based on rainfall distribution, a suitable technology that will have maximum impact will be deployed for each region. It will have an enterprise resource planning platform at the state level and a variant at the district level developed by an outsourced IT service provider, which will consist of crop health monitoring, tracking climatic changes, planting density changes and forecasting modules.
USPs
The most striking feature is the presence of farmer representations from the grass-roots level to the state level. The solution is suitable for areas where water availability is marginal, as well as the terrain is sloping and undulating. SPIDI (solar powered intelligent drip irrigation) system can also have an enormous impact in states such as Punjab, where irrigated agriculture is consistently depleting groundwater table. The unique technology transfer unit (TTU) concept, where one TTU per 25 villages will be present to provide customized solutions, will result in conservation of water by up to 70% and increase in farmers' income by 22%.
Second runners-up: UNRAVELLERS, ISB Hyderabad
Solution
“Smart Kisan Platform”, a guided decision system to improve total income for small/marginal farmers using connected technology. The system consists of Internet of Things-based SIM (subscriber identity module) card-enabled network sensors that collects data regarding moisture, nutrients and fertility levels of the soil. This information is then relayed back to the farmers, and allows them to make informed decisions about which portfolio of crops to grow.
USPs
Presence of a unique system integrator that will work as the data aggregator as well as data processor in order to analyse the data gathered by the sensors present in the soil. Due to the sensors being SIM card-enabled, farmers will be able to get direct access to the analysis done by the system integrator on their feature/smartphones. The platform is highly user friendly with an intuitive user interface.
Toronto police are seeking a man and a woman in a fraud case involving hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Police say a woman went into a bank on June 29 and, using false identification, posed as a client to gain access to that person's account.
They say they then transferred $400,000 from there to another account.
Police say a few days later, a man went into another bank and used a fake ID to pose as a client.
Ryan Lizza: “In their letter announcing Comey's dismissal, Trump made a point of advertising these conversations with Comey, noting, ‘I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation.' When Comey went public, last week, with their account of their interactions with Trump, the President's defenders pounced on the fact that Comey corroborated Trump's claim.”
“The irony in all of this is that Trump's actions may very likely have caused them to personally come under investigation.”
“There is some public evidence that Mueller is taking the obstruction accusation seriously. They asked for and received all the memos that Comey wrote memorializing Comey's interactions with Trump. Why would Mueller need those unless they were looking into possible obstruction?”
A Michigan man was charged in the death of a 5-year-old pet donkey named Jack in La Porte, Ind., according to the sheriff's office.Olvydas Abromavieius, 50, of Union Pier, Mich., was charged with both misdemeanor domestic battery and felony domestic violence/animal cruelty stemming from an incident in the 8500-block of North Wilhelm Road in La Porte.Shortly after 9 p.m., police responded to a domestic disturbance and found an intoxicated couple arguing, police said. During the investigation, officials found the donkey bleeding profusely from the head due to a gunshot in the head near the left eye. The donkey died before medical help arrived on the scene, police said.Abromavieius' blood-alcohol level was .30. They were released on bond and scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday.
Reports Of Explosion In New York City
We're investigating reports of an explosion near New York City's Port Authority. We're in the very early moments of this story.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Now here's a developing story we're following this morning in New York City. Television images show many flashing police lights and ambulance lights on the streets at 8th Avenue and 42nd Street. That's a corner in Midtown Manhattan, the location of the immense Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City, which is the scene of a reported explosion this morning. NPR's Joel Rose covers New York City. He's on the line. Hi, Joel.
JOEL ROSE, BYLINE: Hi, Steve.
INSKEEP: It's so early, but what have you learned?
ROSE: Well, yeah, as you say, we don't have a lot of solid information yet. But I'll tell you what we do know. The New York Police Department is responding to reports of an explosion. This is according to a tweet from the NYPD just about 20, 30 minutes ago - reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue in Manhattan. The A, C and E lines of the subway are being evacuated, according to the NYPD. And they caution that this information is preliminary. And I - you know, I'm sure we'll be learning much more this morning.
INSKEEP: OK. So in terms of the timing, the Police Department announced this about a half an hour ago, so sometime a little before that is when this would have happened. We're hearing about subway lines evacuated and other things. Can we talk about the geography of that part of Midtown Manhattan, Joel? The bus terminal is there. How big is it? And what else is nearby?
ROSE: Yeah, well, it's a huge bus terminal. It's a major point of entry into Manhattan for travelers from, you know, New Jersey and, you know, points west. So it's - you know, hundreds of thousands of people are moving through there at rush hour twice a day. You know, it's one of the busiest spots in Manhattan. And it's above a major subway stop. The Times Square stop is a connector for, you know, most of the main subway lines that use - that go through Manhattan. And we understand that the A, C and E lines have been evacuated. I'm also seeing reports that the other subway lines are being diverted around the Times Square station. So, you know, it's one of the major transportation hubs in New York City. And, you know, it's chaos on a good day - right...
INSKEEP: Yeah.
ROSE: ...So I can only imagine what this means.
INSKEEP: And I'm just thinking about other landmarks, other key places that are right near there. The New York Times headquarters, I think, is right across the street. And, of course, Times Square itself...
ROSE: Right across 8th Avenue.
INSKEEP: Yeah.
ROSE: That's exactly right. I mean, and you're just a little bit south of Times Square, which is - you know, everybody has seen images of that, right? I mean, it's one of the major tourist attractions in New York City. It's, you know, the heart of the west side of Midtown. Yeah. So it's one of the busiest corridors in New York City.
INSKEEP: Can you give me an idea of the level of tension in New York, Joel? Because this is a city that has been targeted before, on 9/11 and a few times since 9/11. But when I've been in New York in the last several months or years, I don't know that I noticed any particular security precautions, anything all that visible.
ROSE: Well, you know, you see a heavier police presence at places like the Port Authority, Penn Station, Grand Central, you know, places that might be soft targets for some kind of attack - and, certainly, in Times Square. You know, just walking through, I see NYPD officers, you know, with long guns and, you know - so it's a - it's not something that pops out at you, maybe, unless you're looking for it. But certainly, there is - you know, you see the NYPD at all sorts of potential targets in the city. You know, there was a terror attack just a few weeks ago, really, on the Lower West Side. A man drove a pickup truck down a bike lane near the West Side Highway in what prosecutors allege was an act of terror. And, you know, that's - I don't want to say fresh in everyone's mind because I think, you know, people do - New Yorkers do go on with their lives and have been since that attack...
INSKEEP: And now we have another accident, which we should just repeat. There's been an explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal. According to police, it happened within the last hour or so. We'll bring you more as we learn.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
London
Speakers at a seminar have demanded of the UK government to play role in granting Kashmiris their right to self-determination and stopping massive human rights violations by India in occupied Kashm-
ir.
The speakers also urged Britain to take up the issue of killing of innocent people in Azad Jammu and Kashmir by the firing of Indian troops on the Line of Control (LoC) in the parliament.
The conference was chaired by UK Member Parliament, Jack Brereton while the Co-Chairman of ‘Friends of Kashmir' in the European Parliament, Anthea McIntyre was chief guest.
On the occasion, ‘Friends of Kashmir' was formed in the ruling party, Conservative Party, to help resolve the problems of UK-based Kashmiris and play active role in settling the lingering Kashmir dispute.
Pakistan's High Commissioner to the UK and Conservative delegates from the entire Britain participated in the conference and assured their cooperation.
The founder Chairman of UK-based Jammu and Kashmir Self-Determination Movement, Raja Najabat Hussain, the Chairperson of Banaatul Muslimeen, Sumaira Farukh, Dr Saboor Javaid, Dr Sajid Safi, Asif Hashmi and others addressed the seminar.—KMS
Airbus CityAirbus rendering Enlarge Photo
The idea of a flying car has been around nearly as long as the modern automobile itself, but only now are companies beginning to realize the dream of personal transportation via flight. One of many companies in the hunt is Airbus, but it's arguably further along than others.
Digital Trends reports the company recently conducted the first successful test of the CityAirbus' propulsion method, which uses four 140-kilowatt battery packs to power the eight propellers. The design of the CityAirbus also allows the vehicle to take off and land vertically, a major factor in the realization of short-distance air travel. Additionally, the CityAirbus can hold four passengers, including the pilot, and can travel for 15 minutes at speeds up to 75 mph.
No, 15 minutes is not a long period of time, so Airbus will certainly need to develop a charging method to put the CityAirbus back in the air as soon as possible. But, the vehicle is still some time away from production. Airbus will take the CityAirbus to the sky for the first time in late 2018 if all goes according to plan. The first flight will be remote-controlled to ensure maximum safety, but pilots will take over after the test flight. In the future, Airbus wants the vehicle to be fully self-driving with no human input whatsoever.
For now, travel is bound to roadways, but should Airbus find the success it dreams of, it wants CityAirbus drones to be zipping across local skyways in 2023.
To help you unlock the hidden value of those unwanted gifts, the Star asked the pros to share their secrets.
With a little online legwork, you can actually make decent money off unwanted holiday gifts. A recent report from Kijiji says last year Canadians earned an average of $1,037 by selling second-hand goods they no longer need. You can bet unloved Christmas gifts accounted for part of that figure.
If your Christmas gifts this year include an ugly sweater you'll never wear or a gift card to a store you never shop at, forget about stowing them away.
Everyone appreciates receiving a present at any time of year — not just during the holidays — but even the best-intended gift-giver can occasionally miss the mark.
As for collectibles and other valuables, they recommend eBay or auction houses. Household goods like plates or glasses that you can easily pick up at Walmart and that someone wouldn't pay to have shipped or wouldn't want to drive to your home to pick up are good bets for a garage sale, though you'll usually have to let them go cheap, they say.
Kijiji is also good for heavy items because you can have someone pick them up, without worrying about shipping, says Glenn Mahaney, who sells second-hand goods as a hobby.
Where you sell unwanted gifts can have a huge effect on how much you make. On Kijiji, TVs, gaming consoles, laptops, smartphones and speakers are among the most searched items and usually see high price points and quick turnover, especially when new and unused, says the company's community relations manager, Kent Sikstrom.
If you're open to trading, there is the Bunz website, app and Facebook groups, where women's clothing, perfume, unused makeup, furniture and home decor are a hit, says its community manager Eli Klein. Bunz doesn't allow trades involving money, but will let people offer items in exchange for anything else. Cases of beer, TTC tokens and gift cards are popular payments.
Presentation
If you're selling things online, including clear photos taken in good lighting and from multiple angles gives any post more traction, says Sikstrom. If it's new, adding BNIB (brand new in box), BNWT (brand new with tags) or EUC (excellent used condition) can also give it a boost, and around the holidays, #giftit or #regiftit, will help savvy searchers find it, adds Klein.
Funny descriptions also help an item get shared more, they say, recalling once seeing a post go viral from someone flogging $200 of gift cards for The Keg. “They became vegan, but closeted vegan. Everyone thought they still liked The Keg certificates, so they were trading them for fruits and vegetables, and their post was getting shared a lot.”
Pricing
When deciding what price to set, Mahaney recommends searching eBay's sold listings to see what others are flogging the same thing for. To settle on a realistic price, they say “don't go by the most expensive price something has sold for because people can be a bit silly when buying things and also don't go by the lowest.”
If what you're selling is in better condition or is brand new, you can likely ask for more than someone selling the same product that's used or outdated. Remember that the value of whatever you're selling might have dropped since you were given it, affecting what you can ask for it, says Mahaney.
Timing
As the old adage says, timing is everything, and picking the most popular days to post items online will increase your chances of finding a buyer willing to pay top dollar.
Kijiji searches rise about 10 per cent in January, with the most popular post-holiday search day coming on Jan. 8, said Sikstrom. “The most popular days of the week for searching last January were Sundays, followed by Saturdays and Mondays,” they add.
Meanwhile, Sunday is the biggest day for trades and offers on Bunz and Klein says anywhere from 15,000 to 20,000 items get posted from Boxing Day to the first day of January.
If you're willing to stow items for a bit, furniture and home decor can be hot sellers in August and September, when students are moving into new homes for the year.
Gift cards
Gift cards are hot items on Bunz and usually sell well on Kijiji and Craigslist.
You can also turn to businesses that will buy gift cards, though you won't always get the full value for them. CardSwap.ca, for example, allows you to input the value and store your gift card is set up for so it can make you an instant offer online.
The Star inputted a few cards and was offered $40 or a $40 Esso card for a $50 Indigo card, $18.75 or a $20 Esso card for a $25 Tim Hortons card and $41.50 or a $43 Esso card for a $50 Yorkdale Mall card.
If you accept and send out the gift card to the company, you'll be mailed a cheque. CardSwap guarantees 100 per cent of its purchases by saving the card number in case it is lost in the mail.
Regifting
You won't get money, but regifting something can save you time and cash that you may spend hunting for something next time it's a loved one's birthday or a special occasion.
However, etiquette expert Carey McBeth says regifting is only acceptable when the item is brand new, in its original packaging and is something “the intended recipient would love to receive.”
McBeth says it's acceptable, for example, “if you received a book you have already read and you know that your friend absolutely loves that particular author.” Just be sure your recipient doesn't know the person who gave you the gift originally.
Anything unwanted you received that is handmade, personalized or “something you know the original giver took great care to select or make” should never be regifted — even if it will save you a quick buck, McBeth says.
If you looked at all of the major characters in The Handmaid's Tale sans context, and tried to guess based on personality alone who was the protagonist, I'm not sure June would be the obvious choice. She's not a natural rebel like Emily, she's not prone to daring escape plans like Moira, they don't have a compellingly tragic psychology like Janine. If it weren't for their voiceover, June would be an incredibly passive character, and understandably so; on their first day at the Red Center, she's tasered simply for looking in the wrong direction. She's been conditioned into passivity; not resisting, not standing up, keeping their head down. This, if we're honest with ourselves, is what most of us would do in a world like Gilead.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"She's been conditioned into passivity... This, if we're honest with ourselves, is what most of us would do in a world like Gilead."
Offred is this world's equivalent of an everywoman, which is what has made them cautious movement towards revolution so compelling to watch. “They shouldn't have given us uniforms if they didn't want us to be an army,” they note with quiet glee, in a line that doesn't fully pay off until near the end of the episode, when Aunt Lydia orders the Handmaids to stone Janine to death.
Hulu
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This is a horrifying first—presumably the Condemnation ceremony has only been for men in the past—and a bridge too far. In a potent mirroring of the scene in Episode 1 where Aunt Lydia compels all the Handmaids to tell Janine being raped is “her fault,” here the Handmaids quietly join forces to protect Janine. Led first by Ofglen and then by June, the Handmaids all drop their rocks one by one, a devastatingly effective form of passive protest. Janine's face throughout this is the most affecting part of all, as it gradually dawns on them that their fellow Handmaids are not going to let this happen.
"This is looking evil right in the face and saying, 'Not today, Satan.'"
And this moment—“I'm sorry, Aunt Lydia”—is June's awakening, the true beginning of their resistance. Sure, she's whispered about Mayday before, they smuggled that package into the Waterfords' house, she's even lashed out at Serena on occasion, but standing up to Aunt Lydia is a level beyond all those tiny kinds of resistance. This is looking evil right in the face and saying, “Not today, Satan.”
This moment in which June unifies their fellow Handmaids doesn't come out of nowhere. They find the strength to do it in the contents of that parcel from Jezebels, which turns out to be hundreds of letters from Handmaids across state lines. Their stories are horrifying, of course, but reading their names and their pleas for help is a moment of pure relief for June, who scrawled ‘YOU ARE NOT ALONE' on the inside of their closet just to try and make themselves believe it.
“Nolite te bastardes carborundorum, bitches” rang hollow back in Episode 4, because back then June really was alone. The Handmaids were not an army, there was no solidarity and no coordinated resistance; June's only link to Mayday had disappeared with Emily. But now, as June sails out of the Waterfords' house to the defiant sounds of "American Girl," their attitude finally feels earned.
Hulu
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Whatever June's future holds beyond that black van, they are no longer Of Fred. Maybe they belong to the Eyes, or maybe to Nick themselves now that she's pregnant with their child—maybe Season 2 will be a gradual, painful inversion of everything June thought they knew about Nick, with the man who has been their liberation becoming their new captor. Whether she's stepping into the darkness or the light, their future is an unknown, and she's at peace because they remembered how it feels to say no.
Talking points:
So… Putnam's punishment. Yikes. Removing the hand of an adulterer is, of course, taken right from scripture : “And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off and cast it from thee…” In a world where women have their eyes gouged out and their clitorises removed, the brutality of this isn't surprising—we already saw in Episode 1 what becomes of rapists—but it's another startling reminder that under the new world order, even the commanders aren't quite as powerful as they'd like to think. And since it was Putnam's wife who ensured their punishment, I'd say Waterford has some solid cause to worry.
: “And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off and cast it from thee…” In a world where women have their eyes gouged out and their clitorises removed, the brutality of this isn't surprising—we already saw in Episode 1 what becomes of rapists—but it's another startling reminder that under the new world order, even the commanders aren't quite as powerful as they'd like to think. And since it was Putnam's wife who ensured their punishment, I'd say Waterford has some solid cause to worry. Serena is a sociopath. There have been occasional reasons to toy with feeling sympathy for her, but that scene with Hannah was so unthinkably cruel I'm now completely disinterested in any attempts to humanize them Seeing June finally unload on her, calling them deranged and evil and a C-word who's going to burn in hell, was incredibly satisfying even though it was completely futile.
There have been occasional reasons to toy with feeling sympathy for her, but that scene with Hannah was so unthinkably cruel I'm now completely disinterested in any attempts to humanize them Seeing June finally unload on her, calling them deranged and evil and a C-word who's going to burn in hell, was incredibly satisfying even though it was completely futile. Speaking of incredibly satisfying… “You can't father a child because you're not worthy.” No lies detected, Fred. Serena is terrible, but when Fred told her, “You answer to me. Go to your room," I wanted them to vivisect him.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Hulu
Aunt Lydia has softened noticeably over the season , especially towards Janine, which made for a jarring flashback to the Red Center when they yelled, “Parade of sluts!” at the arriving future Handmaids.
, especially towards Janine, which made for a jarring flashback to the Red Center when they yelled, “Parade of sluts!” at the arriving future Handmaids. God bless Canada. After the brutality of Gilead, of course Moira barely knows what to do with the kindness being shown to them at the Ontario embassy , or with the suggestion that they “pick out a book, find somewhere quiet.” It's obvious that while their caseworker is well meaning, they really has no concept of exactly what she's been through.
, or with the suggestion that they “pick out a book, find somewhere quiet.” It's obvious that while their caseworker is well meaning, they really has no concept of exactly what she's been through. It speaks to how effectively this show has established its own unpredictable brutality that I was truly worried we were going to be forced to watch Janine be stoned to death. She's just heartbreaking in that scene, too, from their little wave hello to “Not too hard, okay?” to the way they ask Ofglen if she's okay after being tasered. Janine's such a fundamentally sweet soul. I hope she's somehow going to make it to next season, even though Gilead clearly has plenty of other ways to kill women.
She's just heartbreaking in that scene, too, from their little wave hello to “Not too hard, okay?” to the way they ask Ofglen if she's okay after being tasered. Janine's such a fundamentally sweet soul. I hope she's somehow going to make it to next season, even though Gilead clearly has plenty of other ways to kill women. Now Rita's carrying the torch for Mayday. I've found Amanda Brugel really fascinating to watch in this role throughout the season; their presence is so deliberately muted that it took me a while to really notice how much they were bringing to their scenes. Seems like she'll play a bigger role in Season 2, and I'm here for it.
Hulu
Top court dissatisfied with ISI report on Faizabad sit-in protest
Staff reporter
Islamabad
An Anti-Terrorism Court on Monday issued arrest warrants for Tehreek-e-Labbaik-Ya Rasool Allah firebrand cleric Khadim Hussain Rizvi and Afzal Qadri in a case related to last year's Faizabad sit-in.
The police failed to submit final challans against Rizvi and Pir Fazal. Court has ordered police to submit final challans by April 4.
The court expressed dismay over no show of main culprits in the ongoing case. Three cases have been registered against Rizvi, Qadri and Maulana Inayat. ATC Judge Shahrukh Arjumand has postponed the next hearing till April 4.
ATC on March 6 declared Rizvi as well as other leaders of Tehrik-e-Labbaik absconders and initiated the proclamation process against the suspects over their failure to appear for trials of cases relating to the Faizabad sit-in.
ATC Judge Shahrukh Arjumand issued the proclamation under Section 87 (absconding) against Rizvi and others after they failed to appear before the court to face three separate cases lodged against the clerics and protesters.
Court officials revealed that the court had earlier issued non-bailable arrest warrants for Rizvi and others after they failed to respond to various summonses issued to them. Earlier, a local lawyer Rao Abdul Rahim had appeared on behalf of the clerics and obtained bail for them.
When the court resumed hearing on Monday, prosecutor Shafqaat Chaudhry informed the court that despite service of various summonses, the clerics did not appear. They said that the police could not execute the arrest warrants since the whereabouts of these clerics were not known.
The court then directed the prosecution to issue proclamations for Rizvi and other leaders of Tehreek-e-Labbaik.
Meanwhile, a two-member bench of the apex court, comprising Justice Mushir Alam and Justice Qazi Faez Isa, resumed the hearing of a suo motu case regarding Faizabad sit-in on Monday but expressed dissatisfaction over the report submitted by the Inter-Services Intelligence regarding the financial details of the Tehreek-e-Labaik Ya Rasool Allah leadership.
Justice Alam questioned why the ISI did not mention the source of Khadim Rizvi's income, bank accounts and whether they pay tax or not. “I fear for the country after seeing the performance of premier agency [ISI],” Justice Qazi Faez Isa said.
The bench has summoned Attorney-General, Ashtar Ausaf Ali on next date of hearing. When Deputy Attorney General Sohail Mahmood, who appeared on behalf of the federal government, said the ISI revealed that they are reportedly corrupt, the bench asked them to explain how they did the corruption.
Earlier Monday, the ISI told the Supreme Court that Khadim Hussain Rizvi, is “reportedly financially corrupt”. The ISI submitted a comprehensive report, wherein it is stated that the ISI had recommended that the federal government avoid the use of force and resolve the issue peacefully through negations with TLYR.
“Despite ISI's recommendations to solve the issue politically and avoid the use of force, an operation against the dharna was launched on November 25, 2017 on the orders of the Islamabad High Court. The operation was an utter failure [and] triggered countrywide protests,” says the report.
The complete profiles of the leadership of the protesters – Rizvi, Dr Muhammad Ashraf Asif Jalali, and Pir Muhammad Afzal Qadri – have also been attached to the report.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Nathan Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in their return to the majors following a second Tommy John surgery, leading the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night.
Eovaldi (1-0) faced one over the minimum through six innings in their Tampa Bay debut. They threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts. The only runner to reach base against them was Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first.
Wilmer Font, acquired by the Rays from the A's last Friday, gave up Jed Lowrie's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland's only hit of the game. Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter.
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A's starter Sean Manaea (5-6), and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays.
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295, the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3, 2003.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in their elbow. Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list prior to Wednesday's game.
Eovaldi, the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries, induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters they faced following the walk to Chapman.
Font then came in and retired Matt Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle.
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder then retired the next three batters.
Amid ongoing struggles at Uber, one of its stronger regional rivals in transportation on demand has raised a significant round of funding, picking up a significant strategic investor in the process. Careem, a transportation startup currently in 80 cities across the Middle East, has raised another $150 million — closing out a $500 million Series D round that it confirmed in December when it announced the first $350 million tranche. With the new funds, Mudassir Sheikha, Careem's co-founder and CEO, confirmed that Careem's valuation is now over $1 billion.
The funding is being led by Dubai's Kingdom Holding, the VC that also backs Lyft and invested in Twitter and Snap before they went public. German automaker Daimler (which itself has acquired Hailo in the UK, Taxibeat in Greece and MyTaxi in Germany), and VCs DCM Ventures and Coatue Management also participated.
“With our investment in Careem, we are now taking the strategic step to becoming the world's leading provider of mobility services,” Klaus Entenmann, CEO, Daimler Financial Services AG, said in a statement. “Careem has quickly leapt to the leadership of ridesharing within the MENA regions by delivering rapid innovation and customer growth, and it is spearheading new ways to transport people from point A to point B.”
This is a significant Series D for Careem — previously, the company had only raised $72 million — and the size of the round speaks of the opportunity that investors see right now to grow more regional transportation services — both in direct competition with Uber and incumbent forms of transportation as well as to simply to tap a very big opportunity.
In the case of Careem, the latter is actually the stronger force at the moment. Sheikha estimates that Careem plus Uber account for only around one percent of the potential market for transportation services in the region.
“When it comes to ride hailing, Uber is the primary competitor, but between us we're serving just one percent of the opportunity,” they said, “so the biggest challenge is just growing more of this so the opp is vital bigger than what we currently have in the market.
“Dubai is a truly global city, but as soon as you leave Dubai for places like Oman or Cairo or many other cities, you realise that public transport infrastructure is not extensive. Plus, in our markets, if you look at the numbers, car ownership is also very low. Transportation is supply constrained.”
Indeed, while half the world is railing about how Uber has treated women over the years, the challenges are of a decidedly different nature in Careem's neck of the woods. While women can drive in some places, in many they cannot, and many simply do not. “Women want to go out to school, college and work but cannot go because there is no car available,” they said. Many rely on fathers, brothers and husbands to get them around. “Transportation and lack of public transport what we are trying to address and reliably remove that constraint.”
Careem has been growing at a very quick pace so far. Today it has close to 250,000 drivers (“captains” in Careem's terminology), and 10 million people are signed up and the app is now in 80 cities in the region, covering 30 countries. Revenues and trips are both growing between 20 and 25 percent month on month at the moment, said Sheikha. (As a point of comparison Careem noted 150,000 drivers and less than 50 cities in December.)
While Daimler's investment is another step in how the carmaker continues to fill out its regional ride-sharing portfolio — notably in a market where Mercedes-Benz (part of Daimler) is a very popular make — Sheikha notes that it's also an opportunity for Careem to tap into some of the technology that Daimler is working on for the next generation of cars.
Dubai's leader has set a target for 25 percent of all transportation to be in driverless vehicles by 2030, and although Careem has just raised a large round of funding, investing in and developing your own autonomous technology has a very high barrier to entry (indeed, that “AI divide” is a problem that one startup is now trying to tackle). So, one solution is to partner with companies that are not direct competitors who are making those future bets.
Daimler has already been working with Uber on self-driving pilots, and has set a target to have self-driving cars on the road in the next five years, so this will give it one more channel to market: via its strategic investment in Careem.
Another interesting strategic aspect of this round is the fact that not only does Daimler have other transportation startups in its portfolio, but Careem now has multiple investors who also back another big ride-sharing company, Lyft in the US. There has been a lot of talk about how non-Uber car startups can collaborate more together, and although we've actually seen very few (no?) fruits from that labor, Careem said that they can see some opportunities in the future to give Careem app users the ability to continue to use their apps when they travel abroad and want to order cars in other markets. (No deals made yet on that front, though.)
Featured Image: Careem (IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A football fan in Argentina has died after being brutally attacked by a group of men during a first-division match over the weekend, according to local media.
TV cameras captured Belgrano fan Emanuel Balbo, 22, being beaten by hooligan supporters of the same team during Saturday's Cordoba derby against Talleres.
Balbo suffered catastrophic injuries as they tried to escape their attackers. They landed on their head after falling three metres into a concrete stairwell.
Judge Liliana Sanchez told TyC Sports that four men have already been arrested in connection with the attack.
Sanchez said a notorious hooligan is said to have instigated the attack and is being searched for by the police.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
"Here at Belgrano we are praying that Emanuel Balbo and Diego Frydman recover," the club said in a statement, adding that another fan had been injured in a separate incident.
However, local media reported on Monday that Balbo had passed away from their injuries.
Football hooliganism has resulted in 317 deaths in Argentine football since 1922, according to statistics published by the NGO Salvemos al Futbol (let's save football).
The authorities instated a ban on away supporters in 2013 in an attempt to curb the problem.
5 Botches, slip-ups, and outrageous moments from WWE SmackDown Live (February 14th, 2017)
If A.J. Styles can't break an announcers' table, they might as well try again!
@MitchNickelson by Mitch Nickelson Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 11:43 IST
Plenty of noteworthy moments on this week's edition of SmackDown Live
It's always fun when a main event delivers and on this edition of SmackDown Live, an amazing Triple Threat Match for the WWE Championship was witnessed. Bray Wyatt put their newly won WWE Championship on the line against the two men who both had valid claims for a rematch and it was exciting.
As if that wasn't enough, The Eater of Worlds also had to withstand a pre-match attack by their former Family member, Luke Harper. The Champ had their work cut out for him.
Bray ultimately stood tall and retained their title, a first notch in their reign that he'll definitely want to remember.
Other moments from the show that maybe WWE as a whole wouldn't want to be remembered include Konnor forgetting the existence of tag ropes, electrical equipment that exploded in the sheer anticipation of a Dean Ambrose bump, and a table in the main event that A.J. Styles could not break on their first impact.
Actually, the table thing was really cool – you'll definitely want to follow to the end of this article to see that gif.
Five of the most botchy and outrageous moments from the night have been prepared for your viewing pleasure, so go ahead and check out these SmackDown Live highlights...
#5 A ruined trip
SmackDown Live came to us from Anaheim, California this week. Google informs me that the distance from Australia to California is somewhere in the neighbourhood of 8,000 miles. That's a long distance to travel for a champion that no longer carries a title.
The fans who made that yellow sign behind John Cena's head crossed the Pacific Ocean because they wanted to see the 16x World Champion. They still can technically be called the 16x World Champion, but adding the caveat of “former” to that claim has got to be at least a little bit of a bummer for them.
Hopefully, they made a several-day WWE vacation out of this and at least got to witness them come into the Elimination Chamber on Sunday carrying the strap.
Hotmail turned 22 today having ushered in an era of web-based email, great swathes of spam and one of the greatest ever security cock-ups.
Launched on 4 July 1996, Hotmail offered "independence" (geddit?) from traditional ISP-based email, which required users download messages into a local reader. Hotmail allowed users to create their own email account and view their messages within the browser, without needing to be tied to a specific provider.
With a mighty 2MB of free storage, something that seemed absurdly generous in an era when PCs shipped with between 4 and 8MB of onboard RAM, Hotmail's userbase grew rapidly to 8.5 million happy emailers (although it is not clear how many of those were examples of the burgeoning spam industry) and the mail-slinger soon attracted the attention of a certain software behemoth.
The arrival of Microsoft
Microsoft picked up the service in December 1997 for a purported $400m and found itself in the slightly awkward position of owning a hugely popular internet service that, er, didn't actually use any of Redmond's technologies and, horror of horrors, ran on a variety of UNIX-based systems.
The migration to Microsoft's platform took a while, with an impossibly young Andrew Orlowski writing in The Register at the end of 2001 that Hotmail still ran on Unix. Windows Server 2000 dealt with front edge duties.
While Microsoft fiddled with Hotmail, competition arrived in the form of Yahoo! Mail in 1997 and the all-conquering GMail from Google in 2004. Hotmail, however, had other problems with which to contend.
Security? We've heard of it...
A security flaw, that could only be described as "catastrophic", emerged in 1999. Wannabe hackers were able to access pretty much any account, knowing only the user's Hotmail handle. 2001 saw more security snafus, with hackers able to retrieve messages from another users mailbox. El Reg gave it a go and found that, yep, it was worryingly simple to do.
Apple, of course, showed the world in 2017 how to do security holes properly, with its magical "root" feature, aimed at saving users from having to bother with passwords.
Rebranding, migration and the end of the road
As GMail rolled its tanks onto Hotmail's lawn, Microsoft tinkered with rebrandings and redesigns seeing the venerable website folded into the MSN family and then renamed Windows Live Hotmail in 2005.
In 2012 the service became known as Outlook.com, leveraging the branding of the email component of Microsoft's ubiquitous office suite.
By 2013, Microsoft had shifted all 300 million active Hotmail accounts to its shiny new web mail client, whether they liked it or not.
2016 saw more tinkering, with users eventually moved to shiny new infrastructure.
While Microsoft played with Hotmail, Google's GMail juggernaut rolled on, reporting over 1 billion users at last count, compared to the relatively paltry 500 million claimed by Outlook.com.
Both services are heavily integrated with their respective parents' application suite stuff, making exact counts difficult to ascertain, and both "free" incarnations are now more an introduction into a wonderful world of premium subscriptions than the liberation first envisaged by the creators of Hotmail.
However, with many of us likely still having a Hotmail lurking around, let us take a moment to raise a toast to the venerable trailblazer and all the now defunct clones it spawned. And then go back to GMail. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British teenager has admitted trying to hack into the computers of senior US government officials from their home - including the CIA director.
Kane Gamble pleaded guilty today to eight charges of "performing a function with intent to secure unauthorised access" to the computers.
The 18-year-old, from Leicestershire, also admitted two charges of "unauthorised modification of computer material" at Leicester Crown Court.
Their targets included John Brennan, the then director of the CIA, and the former deputy director of the FBI, Mark Giuliano, the court heard.
(Image: Getty)
Also on the list was Barack Obama's deputy national security adviser Avril Haines and their senior science and technology adviser John Holdren.
Reports at the time said a UK teenager had infiltrated the personal e-mail account of Mr Brennan and posted details online.
Gamble, of Coalville, will be sentenced at the court in mid-December.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
NEW YORK (AP) — A man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
"Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals," de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
Video from above the "Crossroads of the World" showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Aldi Stores (Ireland) Ltd has applied for planning permission to extend its store at Attifinlay, Carrick-on-Shannon.
The application was lodged in Leitrim County Council on February 6, last.
The development consists of the extension of the existing single storey discount foodstore including off-licence use by 264 sq m.
If granted the gross floor area of the store will increase from 1,484 sq m (net retail area of 990 sqm) to 1,748 sq m (net retail area of 1,254 sq m).
The proposed development also includes a new canopy to replace the existing one, a minor relocation of the pole sign to the junction of Dublin Road and Castlecarra Road, the erection of a new illuminated double board poster sign towards entrance lobby, minor amendments of the car parking layout within the site including a reduction in car parking spaces from 96 to 95 and all associated landscaping and site development works on a 0.86 hectare site.
A decision is expected by April 2, 2017.
Here are the BEST and WORST cities for driving.
The driving app Waze just released the results of its annual study on the best and worst cities for driving. Their rankings are based on things like traffic, safety, and the quality of the roads.
And apparently, the city where drivers are the most miserable is . . . Honolulu.
The rest of the 10 worst cities are: Jacksonville, Florida . . . San Diego . . . Los Angeles . . . Portland, Oregon . . . San Francisco . . . Orlando . . . Charlotte, North Carolina . . . Miami . . . and Savannah, Georgia.
The city where drivers are the happiest is Greensboro, North Carolina.
The rest of the 10 best cities are: Lexington, Kentucky . . . Dayton, Ohio . . . Macon, Georgia . . . Albany, New York . . . Harrisburg, Pennsylvania . . . Portland, Maine . . . Kansas City, Missouri . . . Grand Rapids, Michigan . . . and Hartford, Connecticut.
Click Here to see more.
It's not a new problem. Rural America continues to face a serious shortage of doctors and accessible health care.
But a new multi-million dollar expansion project in Rochester might help through the training of more physician assistants.
The collaboration is between Mayo Clinic, Saint Mary's University and University of Minnesota Rochester.
Come January of next year, Cascade Meadow will be even bigger, with the addition of classrooms and labs that students in the last two years of the program will use to get hands-on experience.
This approximately $4.4. a million expansion is made possible by a donation from Jack and Mary Ann Remick, of Rochester.
The proposed program is a comprehensive 3 plus 2 physician assistant master's degree program.
Students will enroll and begin their freshmen year, and spend three years doing general studies, as well as basic sciences, chemistry, and microbiology at their school (either Saint Mary's University or University of Minnesota Rochester).
Then, the final two years, the students will come to Rochester for hands-on learning at Mayo Clinic and Cascade Meadow.
Students will earn a bachelor's degree after year four from their respective university, and then after a year of intensive on-site training for year 5, they'll get their master's degree as a physician assistant from the Mayo Clinic School of Health Sciences.
Dr. Michael Silber, the Dean of Students at Mayo Clinic School of Health Sciences, and also a neurologist, said there's a shortage of about 150 physician assistants at Mayo Clinic at this very time.
And P-A's can do just as good a job as an actual physician.
"There are many things, that for instance, a primary care physician does and does well, but we don't need a primary care physician for that. Physicians Assistants and Nurse Practitioners can do a lot of the work that primary care physicians do. And actually, patients almost prefer it, because they give a little more time, they're very committed to their patients, and the physician serves as the leader of the team," said Dr. Silber.
As of now, the first group of students in the program will begin in Fall of 2019.
Meaning, the first graduates of this five year program will be in the year 2024.
John Pyle, who is the Executive VP and CEO of Saint Mary's University said he's extremely excited about this new valuable collaboration.
“We'll be developing in conjunction with Mayo Clinic and really, they'll be helping us select and recruit the students the first three years, so they can really early identify those key students who they think will be a key fit for opportunities at graduate study,” explained Pyle.
Construction for the expansion project at Cascade Meadow is on slate to begin this spring.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRINCETON, N.J. — Jerome Desrosiers' 3-pointer with 36 seconds left in overtime provided the winning points in Princeton's 76-73 victory over Yale on Friday.
After Desrosiers' trey, Yale missed consecutive 3-point shots and fouled Amir Bell, who missed the front end of a one-and-one. The teams exchanged turnovers before a desperation 3-point try by Yale missed.
Yale took possession after a tie-up in regulation but Trey Phills was unable to connect on a 3-pointer as the game went to overtime.
Myles Stephens scored 18 points and Devin Cannady and Bell 16 apiece for the Tigers (11-8, 3-1 Ivy), who have won three straight, with Bell collecting a career-high 11 rebounds for their first career double-double.
In the executive order, Trump said it was an “attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions” imposed for democratic backsliding.
In an executive order that took effect immediately upon its issuance, President Donald Trump declared illegal all U.S. transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies, coins or tokens. The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction. The move follows the introduction last month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the “petro,” for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
WASHINGTON—The Trump administration on Monday banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions.
In February, cash-strapped Venezuela became the first country to launch its own version of bitcoin, the petro, in a move that President Nicolas Maduro celebrated as putting their country on the world's technological forefront.
The petro is backed by Venezuela's crude oil reserves, the largest in the world, yet it has arrived on the market as the socialist country sinks deeper into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and food shortages that put residents in lines for hours to buy common products.
Maduro had announced late last year that they were creating the digital currency to outmanoeuvre U.S. sanctions preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt.
Bitcoin and other digital tokens are already widely used in Venezuela as a hedge against hyperinflation and an easy-to-use mechanism for paying for everything from doctor visits to honeymoons in a country where obtaining hard currency requires transactions in the illegal black market.
The government has promised that Venezuelans will be able to use the $60 coins to pay taxes and for public services. But with the Venezuelan minimum wage hovering around $3 a month, it's unlikely citizens will buy in large amounts.
In its own statement on Monday, Treasury said it was hitting the four current and former Venezuelan officials with sanctions that freeze any assets they may have in U.S. jurisdictions and bar Americans from doing business with them.
The four include Americo Alex Mata, a director of Venezuela's National Bank of Housing and Habitat and co-ordinator of Maduro's 2013 campaign, Willian Antonio Contreras, the head of the body that oversees price controls in the country, Nelson Reinaldo Lepaje, the head of the Office of the National Treasury, and Carlos Alberto Rotondaro, the former president of the Board of Directors of the Venezuelan Institute of Social Security.
'Punish Ramos' petition hits 500,000 signatures
A massive 500,000 people have signed a petition urging UEFA and FIFA to take action against Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 16:46 IST 1.47K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Sergio Ramos stands over Mohamed Salah
A petition calling for action to be taken against Sergio Ramos for the challenge that injured Mohamed Salah in the Champions League final has reached its original target of 500,000 signatures.
Salah lasted just half an hour of Liverpool's 3-1 defeat to Real Madrid in Kiev after being forced off with a suspected dislocated shoulder sustained in a battle for the ball with opposition captain Ramos.
Replays showed Ramos had hold of Salah's arm as they fell to the ground, pulling the Egypt international down with them and - in the opinion of the petition's author - causing the injury.
The petition, which was expanded on Wednesday to call for one million signatures, is addressed to UEFA and FIFA and also criticises Ramos' alleged play-acting during the final.
"Sergio Ramos represents an awful example to future generations of football players," reads the petition description on Change.org. "Instead of winning matches fairly, they use tricks that defy the spirit of the game and fair play.
"UEFA and FIFA should take measures against Ramos and similar players, using the video recordings of matches to keep the spirit of the game."
An Egyptian lawyer launched a €1billion lawsuit against Ramos on Monday, but Salah is confident they will be ready for the World Cup.
Liverpool physio Ruben Pons thinks the forward, who has travelled to Spain for treatment, will be out of action for approximately three weeks.
Egypt begin their Group A campaign against Uruguay in Ekaterinburg on June 15.
Recent news:
XL Innovate raises backing of IoT startup Notion
Ted Bunker 14 June 2017
XL Group's venture finance arm raised its investment in Notion, an Internet of Things (IoT) startup, contributing to a "series A" funding round that delivered about $10mn to the producer of remote home monitoring systems.
The funding round was led by Draper Nexus and TransLink Capital, with Menlo Park, California-based XL Innovate listed among the previous investors that also participated in the funding round. XL was among the initial investors last year in Denver-based Notion.
The money raised will be...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The 2017 Real Men Wear Pink campaign is raising money for breast cancer awareness, research, and free programs and services for families in the month of October.Those interested in participating or supporting Real Men Wear Pink can register at realmenwearpink.org or sign up for the American Cancer Society's Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walks going on throughout October.For more information on the walks, visit makingstrideswalk.org/chicagoland. ABC 7's Roz Varon will be emceeing the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Soldier Field event on Saturday, Oct.21.No one has to face Cancer alone. The American Cancer Society's cancer information specialists are available around the clock to help. Live chat is available at Cancer.org or by phone 1-800-227-2345.
PARIS — Neymar scored their 18th league goal in as many games as French leader Paris Saint-Germain won at Lille 3-0 to stay 11 points clear at the top on Saturday.
Left back Yuri Berchiche put PSG ahead on the stroke of halftime, Neymar scored in the 78th minute and midfielder Giovani Lo Celso completed a comfortable win late on.
Neymar was involved in the opening goal, too.
They whipped a cross for Edinson Cavani and defender Junior Alonso went to contest the ball with Cavani near the penalty spot. But Alonso inadvertently knocked it into the path of Berchiche, who struck home a low shot for their second goal of the season.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
As many as 16 people have died in Quebec from complications related to the extended period of hot and humid weather hitting much of Eastern and Central Canada.
With the muggy temperatures expected to persist for at least another two days, authorities are urging people to be vigilant.
Montreal health officials say 11 people have died since the intense heat set in over the weekend, with health authorities in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal attributing another four deaths to the sweltering temperatures. A fifth fatality may also have been caused by the heat, they said.
Dr. Melissa Genereux, head of public health in the Eastern Townships, told a news conference Wednesday the victims are all adults — either seniors or people suffering from chronic illness. The deaths were not concentrated in any specific municipality.
"There are still two days left of particularly hot weather with particularly high humidex levels," Genereux said. "We're inviting the population to be vigilant for the next two days — for themselves as well as those close to them."
Officials across the province are advising people to drink plenty of water and check in on neighbours or relatives and get them to a place where air conditioning is available.
"It could save a life," Genereux said.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
In Montreal, police and firefighters continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Dr. Mylene Drouin, head of public health for the Montreal region, said the number of fatalities has risen since authorities first announced six deaths on Tuesday, but that the spike is not unexpected.
March 20 marks the first day of astronomical spring, the spring we recognize most. However, in 2018 meteorological spring begins March 1.The reason for the different dates has to do with both weather and the position of the earth. Astronomical seasons are based on earth's position in relation to the sun, while meteorological seasons are based on the annual temperature cycle.Meteorological spring consists of three months: March, April and May. This creates consistent lengths of seasons, making it easier to calculate seasonal statistics.
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half, Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second and the United States opened the Under-17 World Cup with a 3-0 win over host India on Friday in New Delhi.
Sargent, a forward from O'Fallon, Missouri, who signed with Germany's Werder Bremen last month, was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper's right with the penalty kick in the 30th minute.
Durkin, who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri's corner kick.
Carleton, who made their Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May, rounded Moirangthem to score in the 84th.
This year is expected to be particularly crowded as it is the last chance for climbers who were forced off the mountain by the quake to use their extended permits.
Sherchan, who joined the British Gurkhas when they were a teenager and served for five years, said they always had a penchant for adventure. “My personal motto is that I wish to do something that no one else has done before.” With their bid to summit Everest this year, the slightly hard of hearing grandfather hopes to prove that age is no barrier to adventure. “By climbing Everest at this age I want to boost the self-confidence of elderly people, inspire new generations and establish a proud identity for Nepal,” they said. “The gods should help with the weather and keep me well. I have no diseases, I've always been healthy. My age will not stop me.”
National Assembly member, Sen. Shehu Sani, has said that most Nigerian politicians lacked confidence and ideology.
Sani said this in Abuja on Tuesday, in an interview with newsmen on the sideline of the launch of a book titled “Balarabe Musa, the Voice of the Masses.”
They said, “When you go to countries like Brazil, South Africa and other advanced countries of the world, parties are identified by the ideology they preach, but in Nigeria, it is about the alphabet.
“Many parties in Nigeria are changing names so that they can have ‘A' and be at the top of the ballot paper.
“It is all about having access to the electorate rather than the party going into a contest.”
Sani contended that many national executive members of political parties in Nigeria did not know the manifesto of their parties.
“Today, we are where we are because other qualities of leadership are lacking.
“If we do not do the needful as far as Nigeria's democracy is concerned, we stand the danger of this country plunging into crisis.”
On killings in parts of the country, especially Zamfara, Plateau, Taraba and Benue, they decried the situation, saying it was unfortunate for anybody to insinuate that the killings were perpetrated to tarnish Federal Government's image.
The lawmaker congratulated the new National Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, on their election.
They advised them to address some of the lingering issues that were threatening the unity of the party in some states.
“I wish them well but let me warn that they have a lot of work to do in order to keep the party afloat ahead of the 2019 polls.
“Firstly, I believe in Oshiomohle; I believe in their track record and I believe they are somebody who has the desire to put things right in the party.
“He is a capable hand, a revolutionary and a true comrade,” they said but regretted that there were serious issues that could tear the party apart if not quickly addressed.
“For instance, if I am from Lagos, Borno and Edo, I will forever remain in APC,” they added.
Sani, a member of APC, who represents Kaduna Central at the Senate, however, said that the situation was different in Kaduna state, giving the crisis rocking the party.
They expressed hope that Oshiomhole would be able to handle most of the challenges currently facing the party, including those that emanated from local government congresses in some states.
“We have much respect for President Muhammadu Buhari and we also love the APC,” they said.
They called on the party's national executive to revisit the reports of various committees set up to address the Kaduna state APC crisis in order to move the party forward in the state.
Sani and some other APC stakeholders in the state had been embroiled in acrimony with the governor, Nasir el-Rufai, over who controls the party structure.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The tattoo artist who inked Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has revealed the story behind the Portuguese's tattoo - and how they originally chickened out of getting it done.
Mourinho went under the needle in 2013, when Scott Maclaren, the owner of the Fulham Tattoo Centre inked 'Tami' - Jose's nickname of their wife Matilde - and their children's names on their left wrist.
But Maclaren has now revealed that Mourinho had previously promised Matilde that they were going to get the tattoo done alongside them in LA in 2011, only for them to lose their bottle at the last minute.
Matilde had theirs done and was not impressed that their husband failed to follow suit.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: fulhamtattoocentre/Instagram)
“After they got theirs done, they chickened out and their wife wasn't happy with him," Maclaren told the Sun
“So, fast-forward two years later and he's back in LA for preseason with Chelsea.
“A mate of mine works for Chelsea, I've done some tattoos for him, and Mourinho asked them where they get their tattoos designed.
“My mate recommended me, so Mourinho told them to book an appointment for when they came back because they owe their wife!”
(Image: Getty Images)
Mourinho faced their fear this time out and got the tattoo done.
“He was really nervous, they didn't say much other than ask if it was going to hurt," Maclaren continued.
"It was an honour to have them in the shop though and help them smooth things over with their wife."
Mourinho endured a tough weekend when they saw their side lose the Manchester derby to City before being involved in a tunnel incident which reportedly saw them have milk thrown on him.
Two residents were assaulted with “what is believed to be bear spray” during a home invasion on the outskirts of Cambridge on Tuesday (Oct. 3).
The incident happened at about 11:30 p.m. on Wellington Road 34, near Townline Road.
According to police, four men wearing disguises forced their way into the home and attempted to restrain two people inside, during which the spray was used.
The residents, however, managed to escape and call police from a neighbour's house.
HARTFORD, CONN.—The Chief State's Attorney's office is planning to appeal the recent dismissal of murder charges against Kennedy cousin Michael Skakel to the U.S. Supreme Court. In a five-page motion, Senior Assistant State's Attorney James Killan asked the state Supreme Court to issue a stay on its ruling to dismiss the charges against Skakel “pending ... final decision by the Supreme Court of the United States in this case.”
Michael Skakel was convicted in 2002 of killing Martha Moxley in 1973 based mostly on circumstantial evidence and a statement Skakel gave to a private investigator that put them in the area where Moxley's body was found. ( Jessica Hill / The Associated Press )
But as with almost everything to do with the 45-year-old case, the filing comes with some potential controversy as Connecticut didn't file the motion for a stay within the 20 days required by state law —missing it, Killan acknowledged, by at least two days. “The undersigned takes responsibility for missing the twenty day deadline. Nevertheless, not counting the three-day holiday weekend, only two days have passed since the deadline for timely filing,” Killan wrote. “No further proceedings have, as yet, commenced in the trial court. The petitioner is not incarcerated. There would appear to be no prejudice to the petitioner, nor any significant interference with the expectations of the trial court, should this motion for stay be entertained by this Court at this juncture,” Killan wrote.
Article Continued Below
The state Supreme Court ruled by a 4-3 margin last month that Skakel's trial lawyer was so ineffective that their right to a fair trial was violated. The ruling came 16 months after the court took the opposite position and concluded on the same facts that the defence was competent, that their conviction should stand and that they should finish serving their life sentence. Read more: Connecticut court reverses murder conviction of Kennedy cousin Michael Skakel Skakel has been free since late 2013 while the court considered this latest appeal and will remain free while the state deliberates its next legal moves. Skakel was convicted in 2002 of killing Martha Moxley in 1973 based mostly on circumstantial evidence and a statement Skakel gave to a private investigator that put them in the area where Moxley's body was found. Moxley was beaten to death with a golf club that belonged to the Skakel family. They all lived in the Belle Haven section of Greenwich at the time of the slaying in July of 1973.
The state Supreme Court, in overturning the conviction, sent the case back to the presiding judge in the district where the homicide occurred. The judge is supposed to hold a hearing and ask the state whether it plans to retry Skakel or drop the charges. In filing the motion for a stay, the state's attorney's office is asking the state Supreme Court to hold off on that process while their appeal, known as a writ of certiorari, goes to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Article Continued Below
The state's chances of getting the case before the U.S. Supreme Court are small. The court reviews hundreds of writs from all over the country and chooses only a handful to go before the full court for a hearing every year. Killan wrote that the federal constitutional issues that the state will argue warrant a review by the high court include: “whether (the state Supreme) Court erred in finding counsel's representation to be constitutionally inadequate” and “whether this Court erred in not viewing the evidence unaffected by counsel's errors in a manner consistent with the jury's guilty verdict.” “Both of these issues were extensively debated by the majority and dissenting justices of this Court and are not frivolous,” Killan said. Skakel's lawyer, Hubert Santos, declined to comment. —__ (c)2018 The Hartford Courant (Hartford, Conn.) Visit The Hartford Courant (Hartford, Conn.) at www.courant.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. —____ PHOTO (for help with images, contact 312-222-4194): Skakel
Alibaba, which created China's largest online bazaar but has scant brick-and-mortar experience, spent $8 billion investing in a string of retailers including Suning Commerce Group Co. to prove it can transform old-school shopping. Photo: Reuters
Hong Kong: Alibaba and Tencent can count themselves among the world's costliest technology companies after a stellar run. To justify those lofty valuations, China's two largest corporations have to deliver on some of the riskiest bets they've placed in years.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which created China's largest online bazaar but has scant brick-and-mortar experience, spent $8 billion investing in a string of retailers including Suning Commerce Group Co. to prove it can transform old-school shopping. Tencent Holdings Ltd is extending a gaming empire built around social phenomenon WeChat, buying studios and creating content to evolve into an entertainment powerhouse. Those multibillion-dollar bets come under the microscope when both report earnings this week.
The aim is to sustain the sort of growth that's driven their share multiples in excess of Facebook Inc., Apple Inc. or Google parent Alphabet Inc.—members of the vaunted FAANG quintet that also includes Amazon.com Inc. and Netflix Inc. Alibaba and Tencent are projected to report June-quarter profit growth of 36% and 25% respectively. While investors have so far given them the benefit of the doubt based on their track records, the fact that projections for share gains are rising faster than for actual earnings signals an impending market pullback, warns Neil Campling at Northern Trust Capital Markets.
After rising 73% in 2017, Alibaba shares trade at a multiple of 64 times earnings. Tencent is trading at 54 times profit after a 64% rise in its stock. That's almost twice Alphabet's 30 times and well ahead of Facebook's 38. And Tencent's shares this month surpassed projections on its stock price for the first time since 2015.
“The digital scale platform titans, such as Tencent, Alibaba and Facebook deserve premium ratings, but they will need to ‘grow' into such ratings rather than skyrocket higher,” Campling wrote in a report to clients. They highlighted the gulf between projections on prices versus earnings. “For those stocks where there is a significant gap between the two metrics we wonder if we may see some pressure on stock prices in the short term.”
Investors are beginning to hedge their bets. On Friday, Tencent's shares fell 4.9% in Hong Kong—its biggest drop in 18 months. Alibaba was little changed in New York after sliding 3.6% on Thursday.
The scale of Alibaba and Tencent's acquisitions and deals—a total of $55 billion announced or completed in 2016 and 2017—had initially taken investors by surprise, given their years-long conservative streak of minority stakes. They're motivated in part by the driving need to remain at the forefront: as Alphabet chairperson Eric Schmidt put it, competitors in the internet industry may be just one click away.
Of the two, Alibaba's moves seem more out-of-left-field. It began buying grocers from Lianhua to Sanjiang well before Amazon.com Inc. agreed to buy Whole Foods Market Inc. Apart from acquisitions, China's largest e-commerce player is also investing an unknown amount in initiatives rooted in physical retail, because co-founder Jack Ma believes pure e-commerce operators face “tremendous challenges” in future.
Take HeMa Supermarkets, the first of an envisioned nationwide chain that's a grocery, restaurant and digital payments showcase rolled into one. Shoppers can dine in on fresh produce from lobster to crab, browse product recommendations by scanning bar codes throughout the store, then pay for everything through the Alipay app. Each store will eventually double as fulfilment centres, with staff picking up and shipping goods ordered online—the goal being to deliver in under half-an-hour to anywhere within a three-mile radius.
HeMa could expand to 22 stores by the end of 2018 from 13 as of June, generating 2.5 billion yuan in revenue, Barclays Plc analysts led by Gregory Zhao estimate. But supermarkets are just the tip of the iceberg—Alibaba wants to overhaul all retail, and not just for China either. The company has said so-called big-data analysis twinned with internet-based cloud technology can fundamentally change the way brands manage inventory to meet real-time demand. Multiple layers of middlemen could be rendered redundant, chief executive officer Daniel Zhang said in October.
“While core commerce is the engine for Alibaba's near-term growth, new retail is expected to shape Alibaba's business model in the long run,” Zhao said in a report.
Arch-foe Tencent is betting on initiatives closer to home, though no less ambitious. In the social media giant's case, its mobile hit Honour of Kings and under-developed WeChat advertising business are fuelling investors' confidence.
Honour of Kings, an in-house adaptation of the better-known slugfest League of Legends, could generate $3 billion of revenue this year, according to Serkan Toto, the founder of Tokyo-based consultancy Kantan Games Inc. Its runaway success has proven Tencent's mainly desktop-based gaming business can make a successful transition to mobile and demonstrated the competence of its own team, after having led the $8.6 billion acquisition of Clash of Clans studio Supercell Oy and, before that, Riot Games Inc.
But the Shenzhen-based company is also trying to reduce its reliance on games by making more money from WeChat via ads. Online advertising accounted for 13.9% of its revenue in the March quarter. Compare that with Facebook's 98% reliance on ads in the same period.
Tencent reports its quarterly numbers on Wednesday, a day before Alibaba posts its results in the US. The investors who've rewarded the pair can then decide if their rich valuations are deserved, especially in a country where the government can change the business landscape with little notice.
“While gaming and advertising at Tencent are healthy, investors' anticipation for earnings in cloud, payments and all the other new businesses can't be substantiated by financial models,” said Li Muzhi, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Arete Research Services LLP. “Both companies face certain political risks.” Bloomberg
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Linux Foundation has announced a new hypervisor for use in embedded and internet of things scenarios.
Project ACRN (pronounced “acorn”) will offer a “hypervisor, and its device model complete with rich I/O mediators.”
There'll also be “a Linux-based Service OS” and the ability to “run guest operating systems (another Linux instance, an RTOS, Android, or other operating systems) simultaneously”.
Xen Project's plan after AWS goes KVM: Talk up embedded future READ MORE
The Linux Foundation already hosts the Xen Project, which has an effort under way to adapt that hypervisor for embedded and automotive applications. Xen has made that effort a priority after Amazon Web Services signalled its hypervisor will not be its long-term choice, as The Reg revealed last year.
But ACRN thinks Xen and other hypervisors built for data centre use can't do embedded well due to two problems: they're big, and; they can't prioritise certain workloads.
ACRN addresses the first issue by being small: the project claims it'll have just 25,000 lines of code, compared to over 150,000 for data centre hypervisors.
The second issue is important because one target for ACRN is automotive use. Today, cars have several computers linked over a bus. It's widely envisaged that future cars will have one computer running a hypervisor to isolate workloads, an arrangement that will mean fewer integration hassles and lower costs for auto-makers. ACRN likes that idea, but thinks a hypervisor used in such scenarios needs to prioritise workloads related to safety. Conventional hypervisors can't do that, so ACRN will so that future in-car computers know when to starve the entertainment system of resources in order to ensure drivers' or riders' safety.
Project ACRN's innards. Click image to embiggen.
ACRN may have another purpose, too: Intel's responsible for lots of its code and for now it only runs on select Intel PCs. The project's GitHub page says: “We welcome community contributions to help build Project ACRN support for a broad collection of architectures and platforms.” But for now it looks like the ACRN hasn't fallen far from the x86 tree. Which is good for Xen's efforts, as it runs on just about anything.
The Register has asked The Linux Foundation how its hypervisor projects interact and will update this story, or pen a new one, if we receive a response. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
OTTAWA — The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result.
A spokesperson for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017.
That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund.
Relegation threatened Hayes and Yeading United eased their worries in style with two finely poached goals at Dunstable Town on Saturday.
The visitors avenged their narrow 1-0 defeat at the hands of the Blues earlier in the season, and they deserved the 2-0 result. The fact they needed it and wanted it more may have a lot to do with it.
The 155 spectators at Creasey Park were served up a largely uninspiring first half. The tricky wind upset attempts at the accurate long ball. An early corner from Zack Reynolds was carried smartly out of play to underline this, and a long ball caught Nathan Olukani offside.
Adam Moussi had a blocked effort and a Hayes corner saw Harry Bean needed two bites at the cherry to clear the lines. Mitchell Weiss had a blocked effort for the visitors and Anthony Edgar saw their shot deflected.
The best chance came when Claudio Diaz had a clear run and a shot but this was comfortably saved by Danny Boness.
The game was changed by the half-time substitutions made by the visitors. The masterly substitution of David Hutton for Cole Brown proved to be the decision that changed the nature of the game. This fellow was an out and out playmaker and gave the game the vital spark it had lacked hitherto.
The visitors took a deserved lead after 64 minutes with some intricate work in the Dunstable penalty area. The ball was knocked around until one hopeful shot was parried and Hutton, who had instigated the move,finished neatly.
Dunstable's reaction was mute and ten minutes later a goal of a similar nature and also scored on thre rebound settled the match. The ball fell opportunely to Franke Jones nd it was suddenly 2-0 to Hayes and Yeading.
A cross from sub Jack Green to fellow sub Jetmir Esso saw them squander a decent chance as Dunstable did not look like scoring.
DUNSTABLE TOWN
Jack Smith, Zack Reynolds, Harry Bean, Danny Green, (David Longe-king), Bradley Hewitt, Adam Pepera, captain, Nathan Olukanmi, Claudio Diaz, Joshua Oyinsan, Adam Moussi, (Jetmir Esso), James Verney, (Jack Green). Other substitute – Tony Fontenelle.
Referee- Darren Knox, Henlow, Bedfordshire, assisted by Thomas Whay, Harlow, Essex and Graham Swanton, Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire. All had sound games.
Kupwara
More than five months after the killing of Class 10 student Bilal Ahmad Denthoo of Kupwara on July 16, despair is gripping the family.
The Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Handwara, before whom the family filed an application so that an FIR can be registered against the accused police officer, transferred the case to CJM Kupwara. The CJM Kupwara heard the case, before transferring it back to CJM Handwara, citing “personal reasons.”
Now the Additional Deputy Commissioner Handwara, Peer Muzaffar, who is heading the inquiry into Bilal's death, has told Kashmir Reader that “The concluding report will be submitted in a week.”
This is the same Bilal Ahmed Denthoo whose family was consoled by Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti, along with those of two other killed civilians during a meeting held at Dak Bungalow Kupwara in July. Mufti conversed with the family of Bilal Ahmad Denthoo for half an hour and promised that “justice would be delivered in three days.” The meeting was also attended by Sajjad Lone, Minister for Social Welfare and MLA of the area.
After the meeting, the state government ordered a magisterial inquiry, of which Bilal's maternal uncle Ajaz Ahmad Denthoo says, “Nothing is known.”
On July 16, Bilal, according to police, was killed by unidentified gunmen. Their family contested the police claim and alleged that Bilal was killed by the then top police officer of the district.
Bilal's maternal uncle told Kashmir Reader that the boy had gone out of home to buy soap. At some 100 metres distance from the home, their nephew was shot at by the police officer “who at that time was travelling in their vehicle along with their team.—KR
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman reported missing by their mother has turned up safe and well - on the reality TV show 'The Bachelor'.
Police in Humboldt County, California, posted an appeal for help finding 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez.
Them mother said they had last heard from them on November 12 when Rebekah called from a friend's number to say "she was going to work on a marijuana farm and would see them in seven to eight days".
Rebekah's mother reported them missing after not hearing from them around November 18.
They remained on a list of missing people when their local newspaper the North Coast Journal posted a round-up appeal this week.
(Image: Supplied by WENN.com)
(Image: Supplied by WENN.com)
And an eagle-eyed reader who spotted the appeal on Facebook felt like they recognised the picture of Rebekah immediately.
They called police and there was a woman called Bekeh M. who looked a lot like the 'missing' woman competing in the 22nd series of 'The Bachelor'.
The reality TV series, now in its 22nd run in the US, involves a group of 25 women competing for the affections of one lucky one in a series of glamorous locations.
(Image: Supplied by WENN.com)
It was filmed during September, October and November, when Rebekah was reported missing but didn't air until January.
Police confirmed they have now finally got in touch with Rebekah and they are no longer missing.
Bekah, who now has 167,000 followers on Instagram, made light of the situation on their page.
They posted an image of their 'missing appeal' on a milk carton adding: "found myself, quite literally, on this season of The Bachelor. PSA: always call your mom back."
England's Chief Inspector of Hospitals has told East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust that it must make improvements after it was rated as Requires Improvement by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust provides emergency medical services to Bedfordshire and was rated as Requires Improvement overall following an inspection which took place in March this year, the trust was rated as Outstanding for whether its services were caring and Requires Improvement for whether its services were safe, effective, well-led and responsive.
CQC's Chief Inspector of Hospitals, Professor Ted Baker, said: “Our inspectors found some progress had been made at the East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust, since our previous inspection, but that a number of improvements were still clearly needed. We found improvements had been made with regard to safeguarding, staff understanding of the Mental Capacity Act and incident reporting procedures. But the trust still did not meet national ambulance response standards and over the winter period delays resulted in a number of serious incidents.
“We were also concerned that, at the time of our inspection, staff morale was low. People working at the trust described a culture of late shift finishes, frustration at not being able to provide the service they wanted to due to pressures on the trust and disengagement between front line staff and the senior management team. People said they did not always feel valued, particularly after what had been an exhausting winter.
“However, we found a number of areas of outstanding practice and that staff were overwhelmingly caring and dedicated to providing the best care they could to patients. People who used the service also gave positive feedback.
“We fed our findings back to the trust immediately after our inspection, citing the areas where improvements must be made as a priority, and we have been monitoring the trust, working closely with NHS Improvement and other stakeholders, to help drive through improvements. The trust leadership knows what action it must take to bring about improvement and we will return to inspect and check on its progress.”
East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust acknowledged that there is always room for improvement but it was pleased to see that the CQC recognised improvement across some of the individual areas of rating.
The Trust's Chief Executive Robert Morton said: “Yet again our staff were rated as ‘outstanding' for caring.
“The improvements the CQC saw were in some areas of the Patient Transport Services and our Emergency Operations Centres where we handle and triage 999 calls.
“I'd like to thank everyone who welcomed the inspection team and gave their views, supported our colleagues in providing a wealth of data and information to the CQC before, during and after the inspection, and represented the ‘We Are EEAST' approach to our caring and compassionate work.
“The CQC inspected the Trust at a time when staff were extremely tired and under pressure.. There will always be room for improvement.”
There are several areas where improvements must be made, including that the trust must improve its performance and response times for emergency calls and ensure processes and procedures are consistently applied across the trust.
Risk registers must be reviewed and staff must be appropriately mentored and supported to carry out their roles.
Robert added: “We are aware of the many challenges we face here in the east. Engaging with our staff, across a virtual organisation which is spread out across a area of 7,500 square miles, can be a huge task.
“Our workforce are highly mobile and travel approx 12 million miles a year supporting or delivering the best care we can to patients.
“We are working to ensure the leaders at every level in our organisation are given the time and space to build effective, communicative teams at a local level – particularly during tough periods like winter.
“We are a united Board-level team with a wide range of expertise and experience to help us strengthen our service and help EEAST remain focused on our patients.
“The care we provide for them means we're in the best position ever to provide the modern, high-quality and sustainable health services our communities need.
“With the right investment, including £11.5m of additional funding this year - we will get better and better.”
July 3, 2018 (KHARTOUM) - Sudan transport minister and South Sudan presidential adviser on security affairs Tuesday agreed to open four border crossing points between the two countries within the next few days.
The agreement was announced by the two officials following a meeting held in Khartoum to discuss the implementation of directives of President al-Bashir to open border with South Sudan after the signing of Khartoum Declaration of Agreement on 27 June.
The decision is as a part of measures they announced recently to encourage the South Sudanese parties to implement a peace agreement they signed in August 2015. They said it would facilitate the movement of citizens and the flow of trade between the two countries.
Speaking in Khartoum after the meeting, Presidential adviser, Tut Galuwak told reporters they discussed the border opening and they asked to open all the crossing points as soon as possible to encourage trade between the two sides on the border.
"Minister Makawi expressed the readiness of their government to implement the directives of President al-Bashir and we would like to a announcement the good news that the decision includes road, rail and Nile river crossing points," said Galuwak.
For their part, Minister Makawi Awad confirmed what Galuwak announced and added that four points would be opened very soon before the departure of the South Sudanese official from Khartoum.
"These four crossing corridors, Awad said, include, Kosti-Renk road and river, Meriam - Aweil, rails and road, Heglig-Bentiu, and Al Sumayyah corridors".
Some of the four points have been marked last March as the two countries did not yet finalize the talks on the border demarcation since the secession of South Sudan in July 2011 and they are part of the Safe Demilitarized Buffer Zone (SDBZ).
Following the South Sudan independence, President al-Bashir ordered the border closure accusing Juba of backing Sudanese rebels in South Kordofan and Blue Nile states.
However, the decision didn't stop totally the trade between the two sides as the border areas from both sides historically had strong trade relations.
Minister Awad said the Sudanese private sector will contribute to restoring the roads and transportation means.
(ST)
@TBrownABC7 That's Officer Jose Sanchez from the 015th District. I used to work with him. That's their entire spirit. They never has a bad day. — Chigirl (@leggyone2) July 4, 2018
A Chicago cop caught on tape dancing with community members is making Chicago proud.An ABC7 Chicago viewer submitted a video of Officer Jose Sanchez, 15th district, dancing in the Austin neighborhood.According to that viewer, Officer Sanchez told residents that Austin is their neighborhood, too, and they love to get out and have a good time with the community.Some of Officer's Sanchez friends tweeted at ABC7 Chicago to say that they always have a great spirit and never has a bad day.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: XYZ
Former Executive Director of the National Service Scheme (NSS), Dr Michael Kpessah Whyte
Former Executive Director of the National Service Scheme (NSS), Dr Michael Kpessah Whyte has called for the tenure of presidents to be extended to seven (7) years.
As a researcher who has done lots of work on politics and governance, Dr Kpessah Whyte noted that when such a system is accepted in the country, it will help boost development that is led by the elected officials.
“Seven years is also long enough to give you a development plan within the first year that you want to pursue for the entire seven years,” they said on the Morning Xpress on Radio XYZ.
Their suggestion for a discussion on the matter that will perhaps result in an amendment in Ghana's constitution corroborates calls by former president John Agyekum Kuffour for the presidential tenure in the country to be increased to five or six years.
Former president Kuffour argued that the four years tenure does not guarantee “any mark of development and transformation.”
The lecturer believes when the tenure is extended, it will help get politicians to be realistic with their promises and live up to expectation in terms of policy implementation and assuaging the plights of the citizens.
They also noted it will “minimise acrimony” because presidential candidates “will not deal with manifestoes but developmental plans” that will show to Ghanaians the sector they intend to work on when voted into power.
Although Ghana's constitution does not allow presidents to stay in office for more than four years, presidents can seek re-election for a second term after their first term which is four years.
Dr Kpessah Whyte believes their suggestion “only needs a constitutional amendment” that will go through the right processes to become a law.
“It doesn't need to favour the sitting president,” they said while arguing that when an amendment is made, the country can take time and prepare towards its implementation.
“In U.S, it took a long time before they changed the two year term limit. It used to be the case where one president can run for as many times as possible,” they added and contended that Ghana can also head for such system.
They mentioned that a similar system also exists in South Africa where elected presidents can be voted out in a congress when the party that produced them have tangible reasons to do so.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Billie Lourd has broken their silence for the first time since the tragic deaths of their mother Carrie Fisher and their grandmother Debbie Reynolds .
The Scream Queens actor took to social media to thank fans for the prayers and support, which they said has "given me strength when I thought strength could not exist".
Captioning an old picture of themselves with Carrie and Debbie, they wrote: "Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist.
(Photo: Instagram/praisethelourd)
"There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me."
It comes after Todd Fisher insisted their mother "didn't die of a broken heart" but just "really wanted to be with Carrie".
They went on: "She didn't die of a broken heart. They just left to be with Carrie. It wasn't that they were sitting around inconsolable, not at all.
"She simply said that they didn't get to see Carrie come back from London, they expressed how much they loved my sister. They then said they really wanted to be with Carrie. In those precise words, and within 15 minutes from that conversation they faded out and within 30 minutes, they technically are gone."
(Photo: REUTERS)
Carrie passed away on December 27th, only a few days after they were hospitalised. They suffered a suspected heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles and had to be administered CPR on board. When the plane landed, they were rushed to hospital where they reportedly spent time on a ventilator.
Just a day after Carrie died, Singin' In The Rain star Debbie Reynolds tragically passed away after being rushed to hospital after reportedly suffering a stroke whilst at their son Todd's home in Beverly Hills discussing Carrie's funeral plans.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bosses at Southmead Hospital have decided to scrap the idea of setting up a private company to employ its staff after a huge backlash from its own workers.
The North Bristol NHS Trust said it recognised that staff had become ‘anxious' about the proposals, which would have seen around 850 staff initially transferred to the stand-alone company.
Workers, staff representatives and unions slammed the plans, which were first revealed by the Bristol Post last month.
They said it would divide staff and ultimately mean people working for the private company would end up with worse pay and conditions.
North Bristol NHS Trust paid £12,000 to a team of consultants from an existing stand-alone company, set up by an NHS Trust in the North East. That money paid for a feasibility study which was discussed at the trust's board meeting on Thursday this week.
Health campaigners slammed the decision to even investigate the idea. “Isn't it disgraceful and scandalous that at a time when the NHS is facing one of the worst crises in its history, North Bristol NHS Trust executives are spending a substantial amount of time on preparing such a sleazy plan,” Shaun Murphy, from Protect Our NHS, told the board.
“If implemented, this plan would not improve health care for any NBT patients, in fact it would almost certainly worsen the service as the affected staff would be demotivated and relatively impoverished,” they added.
By then, the board had already decided to ditch the plan, and publicly revealed it after a meeting with unions.
The initial plan had been for non-medical staff to transfer to the ‘arm's-length company', but unions said trust bosses had told them in the early stages of the proposal that it could end up with all staff, including doctors and nurses, being transferred.
(Image: Google)
Simon Wood, the trust's director of facilities, said: “As has been reported publicly North Bristol NHS Trust has been at the very early stages of exploring the possibility of setting up a subsidiary company to potentially run some of the non-clinical services at NBT, such as Facilities Management.
“We recognise that understandably this has led to some staff members becoming anxious about their job security and their futures,” they added.
“At its meeting on February 1, the Trust Board considered the next steps in relation to a subsidiary company and has taken the decision not to pursue this at this current time. The Board agreed no action will be taken in the foreseeable future, at least for the next financial year.
“We have an ambitious programme of improvements for the Trust in 2018/19. This, together with the ongoing operational pressures facing us, means that we need to ensure that we all focus our resources on resolving our most important priorities that affect our staff and patients,” they added.
Campaigners and the unions were celebrating the decision, saying it was a victory for staff.
“Patients and staff at Southmead are breathing a sigh of relief today,” said UNISON regional organiser Christina Cooke.
“The subco would have split up health services making it harder for patients to see the right person at the right time. It also opened the door to worse jobs for health staff with cuts to wages, sick pay and pensions.
"Thousands of staff at Southmead made it clear to hospital bosses that they are one team. They won't give up their NHS badges without a fight. UNISON put those arguments to the Board and I'm glad they've listened and changed course.
"The NHS is still under colossal pressure. UNISON will be working with Southmead hospital to manage pressures on staff. It's more important than ever that public service workers join their trade union so we can speak with one voice,” they added.
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:34 pm |
There was a tangible sense of relief across Britain and the European Union after it was announced last Friday in Brussels that a settlement had been reached on Brexit.
Instead of economic chaos and mutual recriminations stretching perhaps for decades, the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union can now look forward to a measure of orderliness and a somewhat less wrenching disentanglement from the regulatory clutches of the Continent.
The negotiations were described by Jean-Claude Juncker, the European Commission president, as “difficult,” but that the breakthrough was made possible by “willingness to compromise” on both sides.
Juncker didn't say that willingness was equal on both sides, though, and some think that the U.K. did most of the compromising. According to the agreement, Britain will honor its financial obligations to the EU — a €40bn to €60bn pay-to-not-play fee — and guarantee the right of EU citizens residing in the U.K. to “go on living their lives as before,” thus settling two of the thornier issues.
The touchy question of Ireland was handled with very soft gloves on. The Republic of Ireland in the south has been wary, to say the least, that Brexit will mean Northern Ireland pulling out of the EU and leaving the south at a disadvantage, deprived of the free-trade arrangement currently in place with the north. Instead, they would return to a “hard border” between the two Irelands, with police, customs, the whole dreary pre-EU dystopia.
To propitiate the Irish, Prime Minister Theresa May inserted guarantees in the agreement that the “soft border” would continue, with regulations to remain more or less the same in key areas such as food, animal welfare, medicines and product safety.
So much for the good news. People began to take in their breath again, however, when some of the bad news began to emerge in the days since that jolly signing breakfast conducted by May and Juncker in Brussels.
To begin with, this was only the end of Phase I of Brexit, which EU leaders will need to formally ratify at a summit in the coming days. They must determine that the draft agreement represents “sufficient progress” to start Phase II, which will define the post-Brexit trading relationship between the EU and U.K. Otherwise, back to Phase I.
“We all know breaking up is hard, but breaking up and building a new relationship is harder,” said Donald Tusk, European Council president. “The most difficult challenge is still ahead.”
Britain's Brexit secretary David Davis said on Sunday that the agreement was merely a “statement of intent” rather than something legally enforceable. The reference was to a clause ensuring “full regulatory alignment” of Ireland with the EU. The text says if the parties fail to work out a new relationship, the U.K. will maintain “full alignment” with EU rules, which underpin trade across the Irish border.
Davis let it be known that this artful formulation was “meaningless.”
The sound of fists thumping desktops could be heard clear across the Irish Sea. The Irish deputy prime minister, Simon Coveney, immediately shot back that commitments relating to Ireland would be “upheld in all circumstances, irrespective of the nature of any future agreement between the EU and U.K.” Similar thumping noises were heard from Brussels.
Why should all this be so breathtaking for Americans, for whom the EU is just another set of initials in faraway Europe where they don't like us anyway?
The answer is that if Brexit goes wrong, residents in the Old World won't be the only ones to suffer. New Worlders will feel pain too.
The U.K., for all its woes, is still the fifth-largest economy in the world and one of the United States' biggest trading partners; the Atlantic Ocean does not insulate us from the ups and downs of the British economy. When Brexit won the referendum in 2016, the pound dropped to 30-year lows and British stocks plummeted. Wall Street lost over 500 points right after the opening bell the next morning.
One of the reasons for this transatlantic empathy is that many major companies are liable to move their operations from Britain to Germany or France in order to avoid the turbulence of Brexit. That could lead to unemployment and a recession there, with similar consequences here.
It will also force the U.S. to make new trading deals with the EU, shunting the U.K. to the “back of the queue.” This would inevitably put a crimp in the special relationship with Britain, to the regret of both sides.
There are also some pluses to the rough going in Brexit negotiations. One of the fears about Brexit is the domino effect — other countries, like Greece and even the Netherlands and France, making their own exits now that they see it can be done. The dominoes are presumably less eager to fall now that they see how hard Brexit has been.
And another Brexit dividend: A weaker pound will mean a much cheaper trip to see Big Ben and Buckingham Palace, as the dollar will be worth more. American tourists will be especially welcome, since the EU tourists, currently accounting for about 70 percent of travelers to the U.K., will likely dwindle once the visa-free benefit of EU membership is gone and they have to endure the visa process to see those British sights.
Stay tuned for Phase II.
