Political and industrial trade group leaders in Kansas are urging President Donald Trump not to scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement, fearing that doing so would hurt major Kansas export industries like agriculture and aviation.
The Trump administration has been in talks with Canada and Mexico to renegotiate NAFTA, a deal Trump once called “the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere” during the 2016 campaign.
KCUR reports that Republican Kansas Governor Jeff Colyer supports the negotiations, but is among those who wrote to Trump earlier this month in support of maintaining NAFTA.
Canada and Mexico are key destinations for farm products grown in Kansas. A state official says agriculture and aviation in 2016 accounted for more than half the dollar value of Kansas' exports.
SHARE COPY LINK Five tucked-away restaurants that you should try in Columbia, SC Susan Ardis
Five tucked-away restaurants that you should try in Columbia, SC Susan Ardis
MERIDIAN, ID - The Naylors of Meridian took home third place on Sunday's episode of America's Funniest Videos. The family submitted a home video of the day their new puppy, Luna, arrived in their lives.
The Naylor children loved Luna. In fact, they loved them so much, they slammed the door on mom, leaving them out in the cold.
The family has watched the ABC show for years and decided to enter the funny video. They were in the running for the $10,000 first prize, but the family says it's happy to win the cash for third place.
The Naylors aren't sure what they will do with the money, but they are sure they won't be getting another puppy.
Love them or hate them, it looks like neckband earphones are here to stay. Sony has launched a couple of pairs already, but it hadn't released a truly high-end pair.
Then came the WI-1000MX. On paper, these neckband-design earphones promise a lot, but do they deliver in real life everyday use?
As is standard for many neckband designs, the Sony earphones are horseshoe-shaped; thinning towards the top of the arch, with thicker portions covered in plastic towards the ends which house the internal components and play home to the external controls.
One thing must be said for the WI-100X's design: Sony has made great use of a variety of materials. The back of the collar's exterior is a thin, curved strip of aluminium, which also acts as the supporting structure to ensure it's both strong yet pliable. In other words, it keeps its shape, but it's also easy to put on and take off.
Inside the collar there's a soft padding covering the arch that sits on the back of the neck, making it comfortable to wear for long periods. The Sony isn't as light and "invisible" as V-Moda's Forza Metallo Wireless, but they're well balanced and don't shift around much at all. That's to say you can feel that you're wearing them, a little, but they're not inconvenient in the slightest and are very easy to ignore. It would be nice if they were a little more flexible, if only so they felt a bit better fitted.
Controlling audio - either playing, pausing, skipping or adjusting the volume - is a key element in use. In this case we can't help but feel Sony got things a little wrong. The buttons aren't intuitively positioned or easy to press.
Traditionally, in virtually every pair of earphones, ever, the volume buttons are placed in a trio along with the play/pause button. Usually, the play/pause button is in the middle and the volume button is below it, with the volume up button above. With the WI-1000X, the play button is right at the end of the left side of the neckband. About a finger's width up is the volume up button, with the volume down button right above it, while the power/pairing button further up the band. It took some playing around to learn which button did what. Eventually we got the hang of it, but using controls on a headphone shouldn't require any learning curve at all.
As for ear comfort, Sony ensures your needs are catered for by shipping six extra pairs of ear tips in different sizes. Three are the usual silicone, while three look and feel a little more like memory foam. They're more textured, making them a little grippier.
Regardless of which tip we chose during testing, it was never perfectly comfortable in the ear, and - although they never did fall out - we did have that unusual feel like they would, even though they were secure and snug. A strange sensation indeed.
On the whole, the WI-1000X look like a proper, premium pair of high-end in-ears. The combination of materials added to the dark and greyscale colour scheme on our review unit was a winner. Despite the oddly placed buttons and comfort not being 100 per cent on point, there's very little to criticise here.
Adaptive noise-cancelling
Manual ambient noise selector
Atmospheric pressure optimisation
Google Assistant coming in later update
Like its siblings - the WF-1000X and WH-1000XM2 - the collar-based WI-1000X has many smart features built in. As well as being choc-full of audio customisation options, the way it processes ambient noise is versatile.
There's adaptive noise-cancelling with atmospheric pressure optimising (for when you're on a plane). Then there's smart listening, which detects your activity and adjusts the ambient sound control accordingly. If you're walking, it lets you hear what's going on around you; if you're travelling, it cuts out all of the background noise; if you're waiting it'll let through announcements (like train station announcements) but reduce other noises.
There's a slight issue with this mode's implementation, however, as we said of the WH over-ear model: every time we moved into a new environment during testing the headphones beep to prior to making ambient noise adjustments, which is more distracting than just keeping the plain old noise-cancelling on.
As well as the automatic, adaptive mode, there's a manual control to adjust how much external noise you want to let through. The slider to alter this has twenty positions as well as a "voice focus" option to emphasise talking being audible - we'd go from not being able to hear talking at all, to being able to pick up the kids playing together in another room. In busier environments like a busy tube station, maxed out settings won't completely kill the noise, rather take out a decent amount of it.
Just to add to the features further, Sony has announced that in the future an update will upgrade the headphones, bringing with it Google Assistant, making the WI-1000X even smarter with the voice-controlled assistant. Great.
9mm dynamic drivers
Hi-Res Audio support
DSEE HX audio upscaling
LDAC streaming
For those with compatible devices and audio files, the WI-1000X is compatible with Hi-Res Audio. For those who don't, it has DSEE HC audio upscaling to make non Hi-Res audio sound as close to Hi-Res as possible, by restoring detail lost in compression. It also has LDAC, which transmits three times the amount of data than plain old Bluetooth.
1/3 Pocket-lint
Along with its many other features, the app has an equaliser which allows you to either select one of a handful of preset audio profiles or manually create your own using the sliders. We chose the bass-boosting profile, to get the feel for how it affected the profile, bass was indeed boosted to a healthy level, filling out the back of the audio track and adding that immersive feel, without muddying the sound at all. Subtle details remain clear and discernable.While all that looks impressive on paper, it's in listening that you get the feel for how impressive these Sony in-ears are. Whether you're a bass lover, someone who wants completely neutral and flat sound, or you like to play songs with a big emphasis on the vocals - you can make these earphones work for you.
Listening to the Foo Fighters and feeling like we could feel the bass drum pedal strike the bass drum skin was a joy - and with definition, and not just a wooly bang. Similarly, the quality extends to every aspect, whether backing vocalists, third guitar, or just the ride cymbal bell in the chorus - it's all super clear.
Another specific example would be a song like "Everything Now" by Arcade Fire, which has a lively intro with piano, plenty of bass and drums, yet we could still clearly hear the very subtle rhythmic click of the wooden block in the background. The same is true in the chorus. It's just brilliant and so enjoyable.
The app also provides even more customisable options, but many of them have a gimmick feel to them. For instance, you can change the audio to feel like you're listening to it in a large concert hall, or in an arena (for example). Doing so changes the balance and adds delay and reverb to varying degrees. What's more, you can even adjust where you want it to sound like the sound is coming from. You can choose to have it sound like it's playing at you from the front, left, right, or at the back.
There's no doubt then, that the WI-1000X are among the most versatile and best-sounding in-ears currently available on the market.
Bluetooth 4.1
SBC, AAC, LDAC, aptX and aptX HD
Up to 10 hours battery with ANC on
Micro USB for charging
As you'd expect from a pair of headphones with LDAC, AAC, SBC and Qualcomm's aptX HD support, the wireless connection proved flawless. We tested using an iPhone 8 Plus, OnePlus 5T and Huawei Mate 10 to see if there was any difference between devices, but with each of them the connection was solid.
Similarly, the battery did fairly well give the performance of the earphones. Sony promises up to 10 hours playback with the noise-cancelling activated or 13 hours with the noise cancelling off. Of course, these battery stats are normally achieved in very controlled tests. In average day-to-day use your mileage could vary. In our usage, we'd suggest around eight to nine hours of play time.
To recharge the battery it's a case of plugging in by Micro-USB. Which is one design element that feels outdated. Whereas many competitor products now use Type-C, Sony has stuck with the previous-gen charging port.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed go from being partners to opponents in match play.
Spieth and Reed, who have a 7-2-2 record as partners in the Ryder Cup and Presidents Cup, were drawn in the same four-man group Monday night for the Dell Technologies Match Play.
The World Golf Championship begins Wednesday at Austin Country Club, where Spieth played when they were at the University of Texas.
Spieth has a 9-9-1 record in match play as a pro, going 0-5 in their singles matches at the Presidents Cup and Ryder Cup.  They are 9-4-1 in the Match Play. Reed has an 8-6-2 record, and is best known for taking down Rory McIlroy in the last Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
Spieth and Reed won't play each other until Friday. Also in their group are former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel and Li Haotong of China.
Round-robin play starts Wednesday, with the winners of 16 groups advancing to a weekend of single elimination.
Dustin Johnson, the defending champion, is the No. 1 seed for the second straight year. They have longtime friend Kevin Kisner, Adam Hadwin of Canada and Bernd Wiesberger of Austria in their group.
The opening session Wednesday has some compelling matches.
Phil Mickelson, who hasn't played since winning the Mexico Championship, opens against Charles Howell III in the first round. Howell has two PGA Tour victories, one of them in a playoff over Mickelson at Riviera.
Tommy Fleetwood faces Ian Poulter in an all-England match. Poulter has to advance out of their group to have any chance of moving into the top 50 and qualifying for the Masters. This is the final week for players to earn a Masters invitation through top 50 in the world ranking.
Poulter carried Europe to a stunning comeback in the Ryder Cup at Medinah in 2012 when they made five straight birdies to win a fourballs match, which ultimately swung momentum to Europe going into singles.
Poulter's lone victory in America was the 2010 Match Play in Arizona when it was single elimination. They were referred to as a "ninja" in match play during the draw.
"I've never gone up against a ninja in my life," Fleetwood said, who wondered if they could find a book called "Karate for Dummies."
They were driving to St. Andrews for the Dunhill Cup in 2012 and remembers well Poulter's heroics at Medinah.
"Hopefully, it's just a memory," they said.
Rory McIlroy, coming of a victory Sunday at Bay Hill, gets Peter Uihlein in the opening match. Also in McIlroy's group are Brian Harman and Jhonattan Vegas.
Matt Kuchar will face Zach Johnson in the opening round. They were partners one time, losing a foursomes match in the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles in 2014.
Since going to group play in 2015 at Harding Park in San Francisco, two No. 1 seeds (McIlroy and Johnson) and a No. 2 seed (Jason Day) have won. Anything goes with 18-hole matches, though having at least three matches allows a player to recover from a bad day.
Not that it makes it any easier to pick a favorite.
"This is as hard to win as trying to pick the Kentucky Derby winner," Pat Perez said. "I always pick the wrong horse."
Among those skipping the event are Henrik Stenson, Justin Rose, Rickie Fowler and Adam Scott, mainly for scheduling reasons. Also missing is U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka as they recover from a wrist injury.
Joost Luiten withdrew with an injury. They were replaced by Julian Suri, the No. 64 seed, who plays Marc Leishman in the opening round.
The groups were determined by the top 16 seeds, and then players from the next three segments of the world ranking were added by lottery - one from Nos. 17-32, one from Nos. 33 to 48, and one from No. 49 to 64.
NEW YORK, NY (WKBW) - Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement Monday sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate says "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
Nixon is a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three and an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
JAZZ
Rupert Guenther: Ambient Blue
Ellington Jazz Club
3.5 stars
REVIEW DAVID CUSWORTH
Something old, something new, something borrowed, mostly blue, might be the formula for violinist Rupert Guenther's latest tack in a career spanning classical and more recent genres.
Guenther sticks to their tried and tested formula of drum and bass backing, but their newest work has a more ideological tack, espousing environmental and social justice themes.
Mostly original and inherently tuneful, the focus is a gamble yet delivered with enough humour and on-stage interplay with drummer Yugon Chobanoff and bassist Hans-Aage Deberitz to stay on the brighter side.
“Musicians don't have breaks, we have intervals,” they quipped.
Ambient Blue, the opener and title track of a future album, was a “meditation on our place in the universe”.
A pizzicato opening over bass and drums created a spacey sound taken up in sonorous, bowed looping phrases and glissando in the left hand, then turning meditative, exploring the range from bass to harmonics.
Morning has Broken featured violin rich in vibrato controlled by Guenther on a wide range of effects pedals, all the while singing their own lyrics. A George Harrison-like guitar sound from the violin was surprisingly effective paired with a laid-back vocal. Stadium rock, boutique-style.
The Witch Burnings, a strident defence of Julian Assange et al, figured a take on the “Devil's interval”, lifting the atmospherics with a range of effects, multiple stopping while holding tonal control.
To a middle-aged smoker, they seemed to channel Leonard Cohen, while a younger listener said Nick Cave.
India from Space projected a dystopian vision of humanity yet remained warm in tone, quite delicate in harmony and rhythm.
Millionaire was a rock anthem to the homeless people Guenther entertained while busking to shape their art — embarrassing their fellow orchestral players, who hurriedly passed by.
Time for Heartbreak closed the first set with a country pop intro and drum and bass beat, throwing to a slide guitar effect using a spoon over the fingerboard.
Serious in intent, they nonetheless entertained without quite goofing out.
The second set brought more multitonal innovation on the violin over a strict and compelling rhythm section.
Ambling Blues brought hints of Stephane Grappelli. You're Not in Control channelled dystopia but with a driving, compelling ambience in its constant variation.
You Don't Hear Me mimicked the slide guitar effect before throwing to jagged chords supporting voice, and back.
Set Sail for the Sun echoed psychedelic rock with the distinct edge of multitoned strings and challenging minor-major ambience. Steel Wire Blues was a Chicago-style lament for human frailty, introduced by Guenther's personal tale of catastrophic injury and philosophical adjustment.
Finally, Shooting Star, and Booker T Jones cover Under a Bad Sign, introduced trumpeter Reuben Christman: a chance acquaintance in a record store.
Guenther intends to produce two albums from the mix, so expect a bit more variation before the final product.
Most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at age 45, rather than waiting for age 50, as long recommended, the American Cancer Society said Wednesday.
The group said that the initial test does not have to be a colonoscopy, a procedure that typically requires a day off from work and an often-unpleasant bowel cleansing routine. Instead, it could be one of several other tests, including home stool tests available by prescription.
Other expert groups still recommend starting at age 50. That's the stance of the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which last reviewed the issue in 2016.
But the shift by the cancer society is based on new information about the rise in colon and rectal cancer among younger adults, said Andrew Wolf, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia. They led the group writing the new recommendations.
Colon and rectal cancers have increased 51% among adults under age 50 since 1994, the cancer society said.
“We don't know why it's going on,” Wolf said, noting that suspects include obesity and poor diet. “But it's increasingly clear that it is happening.”
Meanwhile, cases and deaths have fallen in older adults, at least partly due to screening, which can lead to the detection and removal of polyps before they become cancerous.
Most of the nation's 140,000 annual cases and 50,000 deaths from colon and rectal cancer still occur among people over age 55. But the share of cases involving younger adults has risen to 29% for rectal cancer and 17% for colon cancer, a recent study showed.
While few trials have looked at screening 45-year-olds, new statistical models reviewed by the cancer society showed that the younger group should benefit nearly as much as slightly older adults do, Wolf said. But because the evidence is not as strong, the society said its recommendation for screening at 45 was “qualified.”
That means that “we hope that doctors will look at this and at least start discussions of colorectal cancer screening with their 45-year-old patients,” Wolf said.
It could be a complicated discussion. Not only do major groups now differ on starting ages, they also differ on how strongly they recommend various tests.
A group representing three professional societies of gastroenterologists said in 2017 that African Americans should start screening at 45, because they are at increased risk, but that others should wait until age 50. It also said the best tests are colonoscopies every 10 years or a test called FIT (fecal immunochemical testing) to check for blood in the stool every year.
The group gave lower rankings to other screening strategies, including CT scans every five years or a stool test that checks for both blood and DNA changes every three years.
By contrast, the cancer society said the tests are equally acceptable – though worrisome results on any test other than a colonoscopy need to be followed up with a colonoscopy.
“We do know that a lot of folks have distinct preferences when offered a choice,” Wolf said. “The best colorectal screening test is the one that gets done.”
While the overall costs and benefits of earlier screening remain unclear, the message that screening is important and can come in many forms is crucial, said David Weinberg, chairperson of medicine at Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia.
“The bottom line is that if you regularly participate in colon cancer screening, you have a reduced risk of getting and dying from colon cancer,” said Weinberg, who was not involved in the cancer society guidelines.
The qualified endorsement of screening at age 45 is reasonable and “will lead to a lot of discussion and investigation,” said Douglas Rex, a professor of medicine at Indiana University. They were lead author on the differing recommendations from the gastroenterology groups.
What happens now will be partly up to insurers. Some will not cover testing in younger patients right away, Wolf said. And some will cover stool testing, but refuse to cover follow-up colonoscopies for those with abnormal results, they said.
The out-of-pocket cost for a colonoscopy can range from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. A DNA stool test can cost several hundred dollars, but a yearly stool test for blood alone can cost as little as $20, Rex said.
Colonoscopy also carries risks, including bowel perforation and complications from anesthesia. The risks rise with age. That's one reason the cancer society and preventive services task force recommend screening be considered on a case by case basis after age 75 and stopped after age 85.
The new recommendations apply to people at average risk for colon and rectal cancer. Those at higher risk, because of their personal or family history, may be urged to get screening earlier or more often.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
× Weather Postpones Some Fireworks Displays
Soggy weather is dampening the holiday spirit in some communities in our area.
The fireworks display at Kirby Park in Wilkes-Barre originally scheduled for July 4 has been postponed. According to city officials, the display has been rescheduled for Sunday, July 8. Most vendors will stay until dusk on July 4. Rides and vendors will open from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday and from noon to 10 p.m. on Sunday. Eddie Day & The Starfires will perform Sunday at approximately 7:30 p.m.
Berwick's fireworks display scheduled for July 4 at Jingle Hall, has been rescheduled for Friday, July 6, according to officials.
…..Gives 2-week ultimatum
The Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State has hit out hard at Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State and former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, for linking the contentious Ikoyi $43 million to Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi, erstwhile Governor of Rivers State and incumbent Minister of Transportation.
The party in a statement signed by the State Chairman, Chief (Dr.) Davies Ibiamu Ikanya described the accusation as mischievous, wicked, diabolical, evil and a desperate attempt to run down an innocent man whose only crime is that they led APC to defeat a party that prides itself as the largest political party in Africa.
Rivers APC in the statement issued on Monday in Port Harcourt berated Wike and their inglorious co-travellers for attempting to denigrate and disparage the person and personality of Rt. Hon. Amaechi over the Ikoyi $43 million saga. The party said: “It is very sad and unfortunate that over two years that Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi led APC to dust PDP in the 2015 general elections, the PDP Leadership up till date has refused to forgive Amaechi for disgracing them out of power and salvaging our nation from a system whose corruptive tendency is not only contagious but legendary.
“It is on record that apart from the Abuja residence of Amaechi they have no other single plot of land in any part of this country, so linking them to the ownership of the contentious Ikoyi estate and the huge sum found in it is nothing but an invidious plot to give a dog a bad name in order to hang it. It is sad and shameful that a frustrated and disgraceful group with Wike and Fayose as the key actors should attempt to tarnish the hard-earned reputation of Amaechi just because they collaborated with other patriotic Nigerians to oust a regime that is now exposed as the most corrupt ever in the history of Nigeria.
“We sincerely sympathise with Wike, Fayose and Fani-Kayode in this failed plot which has once again exposed them for their lowly type of life, even as we wish to remind them that one day we all shall stand before God Almighty to give account of the type of politics people like them are promoting in Nigeria devoid of integrity and ideology. It has become very obvious that Wike and Fayose now derive pleasure from mentioning Amaechi's name whenever any negative thing happens, in order to remain relevant and revive their dwindling political fortunes. Instead of Wike and Fayose to face the myriad of problems they have created for themselves, PDP and their states, they prefer to preoccupy themselves with how to drag the name of Amaechi into every imaginable controversy. Their thinking is that by pulling down Amaechi PDP will come back to power come 2019 to continue with their looting spree and destruction of our economy. They truly deserve sympathy because they are living in a fool's paradise as Nigerians are now wiser and will never entrust their fate in the hands of wicked and shameless looters like Wike and their co-travellers.
“For the avoidance of doubt, we wish to state that Amaechi has nothing to do with either the Ikoyi estate or the huge sums of money discovered there by EFCC. We urge Nigerians to ignore the antics of the likes of Wike, Fayose and Fani-Kayode. Now that the revealing facts before the public domain disassociates Amaechi from this, we hereby request these three rabble-rousers to formally apologise to Amaechi for this false accusation within two weeks or we may be left with no other option than to brief our lawyers accordingly.
“Meanwhile, we urge Wike and their confused government in Rivers State to carry out their threat to sue the Federal Government if by the end of seven days the contentious huge sum is not returned to the Rivers State Government or else they should hide their ugly faces in shame if they should fail to do as threatened. We urge the Federal Government for once take the continuous threat from Gov Wike of Rivers State against the Buhari's administration seriously and call them to order avoiding this confused undemocratic mind from aborting our hard earned democracy abruptly.
Let us reiterate that, “It is unfortunate for Wike to state that the Ikoyi $43 million was part of the proceeds of the Rivers State gas turbines sold during the administration of Amaechi, knowing very well that the money realised from the sale was duly lodged in the coffers of the Rivers State Government and budgeted accordingly.
“Nigerians can now attest that Amaechi stands as the most vilified, persecuted politician in Nigeria for their bravery, patriotism and commitment to work for a better future for our country. We remain convinced that God who has seen Amaechi this far will always safeguard them from the Wikes and Fayoses, whose favourite pastime is their obsession to plot Amaechi's downfall – a satanic project which Almighty God will continue to frustrate to the shame of all the Wikes, Fayoses and Fani-Kayodes of this world.”
Source: Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze,
SSA on Media and Public Affairs to the State Chairman, APC Rivers State
Comments
comments
SHARE COPY LINK The Richland County Sheriff's Department is looking for suspects who were involved in an armed robbery on March 11, on Beltine Blvd. in Richalnd county. Richland County Sheriff's Department Ashlen Renner
The Richland County Sheriff's Department is looking for suspects who were involved in an armed robbery on March 11, on Beltine Blvd. in Richalnd county. Richland County Sheriff's Department Ashlen Renner
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
POINT TOWNSHIP -- The trial of a man charged in the overdose death of a 9-year-old boy began Monday in Northumberland County.
Victor Hare allegedly gave oxycodone, a powerful painkiller, to Korbin Rager, 9, while they were babysitting the boy in October of 2014, and Rager died.
Hare was charged with involuntary manslaughter, drug delivery resulting in death, aggravated assault, endangering the welfare of children, indecent assault, and reckless endangerment.
The victim's 16-year-old brother, who found them dead, testified Monday along with police officers and an EMT.
 They are already serving time after a jury convicted them of a firearms charge last year. While police were investigating Rager's death, they found three guns in Hare's home. Since Hare had several felony convictions, they were not allowed to have any guns.
Halle Berry's former manager Vincent Cirrincione has been accused of sexual harassment by nine women.
The women told The Washington Post that Cirrincione made unwanted sexual advances toward them over a period of two decades ranging from 1993 to 2011. Several of the women — all of whom are actores of color — also allege that the manager, who is white, presented themselves as an “important gatekeeper” for aspiring actores of color in Hollywood, and “took advantage of that dynamic to prey upon young women,” reported the Post.
Three of the women say Cirrincione presented sex as a condition for their representation, and that when they refused, they did not take them on as clients. One of the actores also claims they masturbated in front of them in their office while acting as their manager.
All of the women tell the Post that they sought Cirrincione's management specifically because of their reputation for “boosting the careers of black actores such as Berry and in later years Taraji P. Henson, clients whose names and film achievements the women say they dangled before them as bait.”
Taraji P. Henson and their manager Vincent Cirrincione Frederick M. Brown/Getty
No criminal allegations against Cirrincione have been made and none of the women have sought legal recourse.
Cirrincione issued a statement to the paper in which they took responsibility for pursuing consensual sexual relationships with some of their clients, but denied allegations that they demanded sexual favors in return for their representation.
“We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions. I support this movement wholeheartedly. I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry. I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color,” Cirrincione said.
“I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.
RELATED: Halle Berry Wears Sheer Reem Acra Gown at NAACP Image Awards — and Brings Laverne Cox to Tears
“I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone's feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong.”
Berry, who has been outspoken in their support of the women's movement, said in a statement that they ended their relationship with Cirrincione after learning of a misconduct allegation against them three years ago.
“Over three years ago, a woman was on the radio saying that Halle Berry's manager was their worst casting couch experience ever,” they said. “That news literally stopped me in my tracks. I immediately confronted Vince about it, and they denied it completely. But even with their denial, something didn't feel right in my spirit, and with the possibility that it could be true, I immediately ended our over-25-year relationship.”
Cirrincione continues to manage Henson, who told the Post that they never witnessed any of their alleged inappropriate behavior. “I've never had any issue with this on any level,” they said. “He totally respected me.”
Taraji P. Henson Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic
Henson added that they regard Cirrincione as a “father figure” who at times paid for their rent, child-care fees and even their son's school tuition.
“He saw a single mother trying to make their dreams come true, and they nurtured that,” Henson said. “He wrote checks and wouldn't ask for anything in return. It wasn't coming from a creepy place. If anything, it empowered me. Like this man believes in me. I love them for that.”
RELATED: Bethenny Frankel Talks Sexual Misconduct in Hollywood & How They ‘Navigated the Climate'
They also denied that Cirrincione was a “gatekeeper” for actores of color. “He is always brutally honest with me about black women's space in this industry. I just looked to them as a man who understood the black woman's plight in the industry. I never looked at them as a magical, mythical creature,” they explained.
Henson added, “He would say: ‘I did this with Halle, because I know how the game is played. We have to carve your own lane. You have a voice out here. They didn't sugarcoat how hard it is here for us. We just have to keep fighting, and one day the doors will open.”
Cirrincione has also been Henson's producing partner, and their publicist, Pam Sharp, is Cirrincione's longtime girlfriend.
INNSCOR Africa Ltd says it is planning to invest in excess of US$8 million for the restocking of its chicken-rearing subsidiary Irvine's in the aftermath of the recent avian flu outbreak outbreak at the company's Lanark Farm.
By Melody Chikono
The country is experiencing an acute shortage of eggs as a result of the outbreak near Harare which has seen the price of eggs increasing by almost double.
Irvine's was affected by the outbreak which resulted in the company culling 835 000 chickens, mostly layers and broiler breeders, between June and August 2017.
Innscor financial director Godfrey Gwainda told businessdigest this week that the restocking exercise will take between six to 12 months to see Irvine's back to its peak production level of over a million chicks per week and 1,5 million dozens table eggs per month. Irvine's will implement the restocking programme in December at the close of the quarantine period imposed by government's veterinary department.
Gwainda said at its peak Irvine's produced 1,5 million dozens table eggs per month but this has now been reduced by 45%, while broiler day-old chicks were now down by 50% due to the avian flue.
“Broiler day-old chicks' grandparents are imported from Europe, these only start producing fertile eggs after 25 weeks, we hatch the eggs to produce the parents for broilers. The parents are also reared at the Lanark Farm and start producing fertile eggs after another 22 to 25 weeks. The cycle to replace broilers is therefore anywhere between 55 to 60 weeks, if the whole chain is pursued,” they said
By importing fertile eggs into the country, they said, the cycle is reduced to under three weeks.
Meanwhile, government gazetted a statutory instrument that allows for importation of eggs for hatching duty free on a maximum of 852 000 eggs per week. The Statutory Instrument 124 of 2017 suspends duty on fertilised poultry eggs for hatching that are imported by breeders for a period of six months with effect from August 1 2017.
Although the statutory instrument removes duty on the importation of eggs' Gwainda said they will also continue importing the breeding stock, as part of the restocking programme, with the second option being to import parent day-old chicks.
However, on the latter, they said it is difficult to secure enough quantities for the country's needs, adding that Irvine's needs about 44 million broiler fertile eggs per year and roughly 280 000 parents per year. “While importing fertile eggs is a quick solution to the avian flu induced shortages, long-term, the country should produce its own fertile eggs, because there is risk that the country supplying those eggs to Zimbabwe can switch-off supplies should they experience increased demand in the domestic market,” Gwainda said. The farm is currently undergoing a sanitation process in readiness for restocking with full production expected in the second half of the current financial year.
In the wake of the recent ICE arrests in the Austin area, Austin ISD lawyers are directing principals and staff not to share with students resources and fliers that have not been vetted by the superintendent's office or general counsel.
According to a memorandum sent to campus leaders Monday, employees may not "speak to political affiliation, views, protests, advocacy or other controversial issues or topics that may arise while on District property."
The memo also warns of possible scrutiny or repercussions from state lawmakers.
"Austin ISD is unique in that it is the District of the Texas Capital and is known for being politically and socially active; therefore its activities, statements, and reactions are immensely scrutinized," the memo said. "This increased oversight that is not experienced by all school districts emphasizes the need and importance for District employees to be meticulous and very calculated in their actions and responses to controversial events."
The memorandum was sent after at least 51 people were detained by ICE agents last Thursday and Friday in the area that includes Austin and San Antonio. Schools reported heightened anxiety and confusion among students who were afraid of what might happen to their families.
Austin School Board Vice President Paul Saldana criticized the memorandum and said the school board was not briefed before it was sent.
"I'm a little perplexed regarding this latest email or memo that was delivered to all of the campuses, to the principals and the teachers, because it's in a direct contradiction to what I thought we were committed to as a district," Saldana said. "I'm quite taken back and very surprised with the conservative tone of the memorandum."
On Friday, Austin Superintendent Paul Cruz posted a general list of district resources for immigrant and refugee students on the district's website. But Education Austin has been more explicit about the information it's sharing, disseminating thousands of documents that explain what to do if ICE shows up at your door, at work or stops you on the street. The local teacher's organization also distributed names of trusted immigration lawyers. Education Austin hosted multiple Know Your Rights seminars for teachers and community members last weekend.
"This is not about whether the district has a right to control certain messages or not," Eductation Austin President Ken Zarifis said. "We recognize the district has that right. What we're arguing is that there is information that is pertinent to the security of our families that are under attack that we can safely get out to them. It is not political, it is not agitational, it is informational. And that is what we want to do. Families need to know where turn, what they can do because most don't know. It's a learning opportunity. We're schools. Let's teach."
The union is holding a news conference Wednesday at Lanier High School to encourage the district to communicate this information to families clearly. Saldana said board members will also discuss the memorandum at Wednesday's board operations meeting.
More than 100 breast cancer survivors gathered in an East Texas City to honor 10 years of an event that's given them a chance to understand the battles they've overcome and continue to see every day.
ETMC's "Pink Ribbon Getaway" was held in Tyler and spoke with those survivors about the importance of a single color.
The words “You have cancer” brought back difficult memories for some cancer survivors.
"I just kept crying until one day I just told myself, this has got to stop," says cancer survivor Dannie Baxter.
Each journey is different, but survivors say the moments they when found out are similar.
"I felt numb. I felt like wait a minute, I've done everything I'm supposed to do so that this won't happen," says cancer survivor Marian Singer.
The tale inside the event room is not of those moments of despair, it's one of information, strength and survival.
"We talk, we exchange ideas on what we're doing and how we're doing," says Baxter.
"It's just wonderful to see them all here," says Linda Whittington.
"It's very important I believe, for you to recover and to have the faith to continue on and become the new normal," says Singer.
It's a new normal that includes asking questions and listening so that all can achieve one goal.
"I really didn't think God was going to allow me to go through this in my life and they have their reasons and one of them is to connect with other people who have had breast cancer and other cancers," says Singer.
Click here to find out when other breast cancer awareness events are being held.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
They were only caught when a shopkeeper and a customer staged a brave citizen's arrest.
They were only caught when a shopkeeper and a customer staged a brave citizen's arrest.
A South Perth shopkeeper staged a courageous citizen's arrest yesterday afternoon after business owners were allegedly threatened by a gunman.
According to police the drama unfolded shortly after 5pm last night after a man allegedly armed with a hatchet and a replica gun, stormed into stores along Mends Street.
Police claim the man stole property from a dress shop inside South Shore Piazza, before tyring to rob a newsagent and a hairdresser.
Paul Noble from the Mends Street Newsagency says the gun was held just centimetres from their head, in the chaos.
"He pulled the gun up with their right hand... straight in my face. I was literally looking down the barrel," they said.
There was high drama on the normally quiet Mends Street in South Perth last night.
It was during their alleged attempt to take on the hairdressers that staff and a customer were able to detain them until police arrived.
Other frightened shopkeepers and locals huddled together in shock as the trouble unfolded.
One witnesses, Brenda Brown, described their shock at the scenes.
"I was just frightened thinking, 'Oh my god. A gun... in South Perth!'' they said.
“You just don't expect it do you, you know?"
Police confirmed a 35-year-old Bentley man has been charged with several offences including armed robbery and is due in court today.
TRENT Sainsbury appears to be timing their Russia 2018 run to perfection, removing fears about their groin by completing the full session with the Socceroos.
Sainsbury is yet to play for their new Swiss club Grasshopper Zurich having had groin surgery after the World Cup playoff win over Honduras, but was among the 22 players who trained fully in Bert van Marwijk's first full session.
Van Marwijk cut a focused, albeit sometimes jovial figure who was not scared to get their hands dirty at a freezing Intility Arena in Oslo ahead of Saturday's (AEDT) cash with Norway.
The 2010 World Cup finalist directed traffic at their maiden session alongside their new entourage, which included Dutch great Mark van Bommell and fellow assistant Roel Coumans, who took charge of warm ups.
Camera Icon Australia's Trent Sainsbury celebrates after Australia defeated Honduras Picture: AFP
Long-time Socceroos assistant Ante Milicic, who was the chief drill sergeant under the previous regime, observed closely with van Marwijk more hands on than predecessor Ange Postecoglou, who hovered like a helicopter but seldom spoke during sessions.
Van Marwijk was one of the first out and set out some cones before addressing the players.
Only Celtic's Tom Rogic and Suwon Bluewings defender Matt Jurman, who is the only other player under a fitness cloud along with Sainsbury, were absent from the 26-man squad, while James Troisi (Melbourne Victory) and Tomi Juric (Luzern) walked laps having played within the last 32 hours.
Camera Icon Everyone was keen to impress Bert van Marwijk in their first Picture: News Corp Australia
“It's the first game together with the new coach so everyone wants to impress. It's going to be pretty competitive at training,” Western Sydney full-back Josh Risdon said.
“Everyone's going to want to play these two games to make a good first impression. So that's good for the team, training will be sharp and get us ready for the games.”
The Socceroos' session was uncharacteristically upbeat with the players roaring their completed passes.
But aware that every day is precious, van Marwijk was not afraid to pause and correct when they were not content, including a subsequent passing drill that got sloppy.
The 45-minute session was sharp with van Marwijk reinforcing their key messages of “passing with speed” and “concentrating on passes” before instructing their players to “use initiative” and send a message with their pass.
It was difficult to glean anything with regards to team selection, with three more sessions left before Saturday morning's (AEDT) friendly against Norway, before the second match against Colombia on Wednesday week.
Van Marwijk certainly got enough across in their first session to signify that they not only means business, but the Socceroos will continue to play a passing brand of soccer.
The assailants in Mortsel were wearing balaclavas, but could be identified as Antwerp FC supporters due to their outfits. The bus was pelted with stones at a crossroads in Mortsel. "Windows were smashed, and someone broke their arm. My wife is in shock", Marc Van Deuren said as president of the Beerschot-Wilrijk supporters' association.
Two Beerschot fans were taken to hospital. The incidents triggered a massive fight on the Mortsel town square, with the Antwerp hooligans eventually fleeing the scene. Nobody could be apprehended, but police are hoping to use video footage to identify (some) assailants.
Photo: AFP
A probe into the young Tunisian who stabbed to death two women in Marseille has uncovered no links to terrorist groups, Tunisian Prime Minister Youssef Chahed said.
"The investigation is under way and we do not really have links today or proof of any ties when this person was in Tunisia with terrorist groups or Daesh," they told reporters after talks with their French counterpart Edouard Philippe, using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State group.
IS claimed responsibility for last Sunday's attack in Marseille, saying the assailant, 29-year-old Ahmed Hanachi who stabbed to death two young women before being shot dead, was one of its "soldiers".
READ ALSO
"We were also shocked in Tunisia as we were also victims of three terrorist attacks in 2015 and we as a society are completely opposed to these terrorist groupings," the Tunisian premier said.
The assailant's friends and family members in Tunisia have dismissed any notion that they were motivated by jihadist aims, depicting them as a heavy drug user who had lost their way.
According to their father, Noureddine Hanachi, they left Tunisia for Europe at the age of 17 but often visited the family home in Bizerte, north of Tunis.
Bennion was once an elite runner who in the 1990s competed in marathons across the country. In 1992, they sought to represent the United States in the marathon at the Barcelona Olympics. They finished 14th at the U.S. trials.
They posted the best of 2 hours 13 minutes and finished second at a marathon in Duluth, Minn.
Bennion represented Murray and parts of central Salt Lake County in the Utah House of Representatives from 1999 through 2005. Then in 2013, they went on to win election as the county's Republican Party chairperson.
Later that year, Bennion incited complaints from Democrats and Republicans. They raised the question of whether Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill was a "cop hater" after Gill deemed the shooting of Danielle Willard by two West Valley City police officers to be unjustified. Bennion suggested Gill's experiences growing up in India could have influenced their decision. Many interpreted the comments as racist. Bennion's then-wife, meanwhile, worked for the Utah chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police, which also was a critic of Gill's determination.
Bennion resigned their position in March 2014 after being charged in Murray justice court with six misdemeanor counts of domestic violence over an altercation with that wife, whom they were in the process of divorcing.
They resolved the case by entering a plea in abeyance to one count of disorderly conduct and agreeing to take an anger management course, according to a court docket. The remaining charges were dismissed.
Researchers at North Carolina State University have for the first time identified a specific chemical used by the higher termite castes -- the queens and the kings -- to communicate their royal status with worker termites. The findings could advance knowledge of termite evolution, behavior and control.
A study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that a wax-like hydrocarbon -- a chemical consisting of only carbon and hydrogen atoms called heneicosane -- on the body surface of subterranean royal termites is used to enable worker termites to recognize and care for them. Termites live mostly underground or in wood and are generally blind, necessitating the use of chemical signals to communicate.
"This is the first report of a queen recognition pheromone in termites and the first report of a king recognition pheromone in insects," said Coby Schal, Blanton J. Whitmire Distinguished Professor of Entomology at NC State.
Schal and NC State Ph.D. graduate Colin Funaro, the paper's co-corresponding authors, used gas chromatography to isolate specific chemicals from the exoskeletons of royal and worker Reticulitermes flavipes termites and found heneicosane on the royal termites, but not on workers.
When heneicosane was placed on glass dummies serving as royal termite proxies, workers did not bow or curtsy, but instead started shaking -- an action that seemed to reflect the termite version of royal recognition. Workers shook even more when the royal pheromone was blended with other hydrocarbons from the colony's workers that represent the colony's odor.
"Termites use a two-step recognition process - the colony's odor gives workers a 'home' context and heneicosane within this context denotes 'royals are in the home,'" Schal said.
"The royal-recognition pheromone lets workers know that there is a queen or a king present and that everything is stable in the colony," Funaro said. "Worker termites shook more when realizing that the royals were also nest mates."
Schal said that the study upends the commonly held belief that queens of the insect order Hymenoptera - ants, bees and wasps - were the first to use these wax-like hydrocarbon pheromones for royal recognition.
"Termites appeared some 150 million years ago while the social Hymenoptera appeared about 100 million years ago, so this discovery of a hydrocarbon as a royal-recognition pheromone in termites appears to predate its use in social insects," Schal said.
R. flavipes termites are major pests in North Carolina and the Southeast, causing billions in damage, Schal added. In recent years they have spread to the west coast of the U.S., and into Canada, South America, Europe, and Asia.
###
Ed Vargo of Texas A&M University (formerly a professor at NC State) and Katalin Boroczky of Penn State University (formerly a postdoctoral researcher at NC State) also co-authored the paper.
Funding for the work came NC State's Blanton J. Whitmire endowment.
Note to editors: An abstract of the paper follows.
"Identification of a queen and king recognition pheromone in the subterranean termite Reticulitermes flavipes" Authors: Colin F. Funaro and Coby Schal, North Carolina State University; Katalin Boroczky, Penn State University; and Edward L. Vargo, Texas A&M University
Published: Online the week of March 19, 2018, in PNAS
DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1721419115
Abstract: Chemical communication is fundamental to success in social insect colonies. Species-, colony-, and caste-specific blends in cuticular hydrocarbons (CHCs) and other chemicals have been well documented as pheromones, mediating important behavioral and physiological aspects of social insects. More specifically, royal pheromones used by queens (and kings in termites) enable workers to recognize and care for these vital individuals and maintain the reproductive division of labor. In termites, however, no royal-recognition pheromones have been identified to date. In the current study, solvent extracts of the subterranean termite Reticulitermes flavipes were analyzed to assess differences in cuticular compounds among castes. We identified a royal-specific hydrocarbon--heneicosane--and several previously unreported and highly royal enriched long-chain alkanes. When applied to glass dummies, heneicosane elicited worker behavioral responses identical to those elicited by live termite queens, including increased vibratory shaking and antennation. Further, the behavioral effects of heneicosane were amplified when presented with nestmate termite workers' cuticular extracts, underscoring the importance of chemical context in termite royal recognition. Thus, heneicosane is a royal recognition pheromone that is active in both queens and kings of R. flavipes. The use of heneicosane as a queen and king recognition pheromone by termites suggests that CHCs evolved as royal pheromones about 150 million years ago, about 50 million years before their first use as queen-recognition pheromones in social Hymenoptera. We therefore infer that termites and social Hymenoptera convergently evolved the use of these ubiquitous compounds in royal recognition.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Ian Kennedy threw 111 pitches over eight scoreless innings and Alcedes Escobar hit an RBI single in the ninth over a five-man infield as the Royals beat the Los Angeles Angels 1-0 for their fourth straight win.
Kennedy pitched two-hit ball and struck out 10 over eight innings as Kansas City sent the Angels to their fifth loss in a row.
Here on Kansas City Live, we like to share organizations that are working to make Kansas City a better place, we call it Kind KC. Jill Calvert, Director of Development for Rainbow Center, and Trisha Kennedy, Co-owner of Kennedy's Custom Jewelers, have teamed up! They discuss their mission and upcoming event - Under the Big Top.
Twin Shadow, "Caer" (Warner Bros./Reprise)
For someone who was likely only in the first or second grade when the 1980s ended, George Lewis Jr. seems to have been powerfully affected by that decade's sonic landscape.
Lewis, whose stage name is Twin Shadow, has embraced drum machines, synths and the wild earnestness of '80s pop. It got away from them on their 2015 album "Eclipse," an over-the-top, slow burning collection of pure bombast.
Twin Shadow has toned it down on their new fourth album, "Caer," but it's never far, lurking. The album, titled after the Spanish word for "to fall," is always one flourish away from falling into disaster. It's a mixed bag but one that clearly shows growth and a way out of the shadows.
"Brace," featuring Rainsford, with its throwback spacy keyboard, is easily the album's outstanding track, a perfect collision of the songwriter's influences. It's rooted in the '80s but still sounds fresh, adding a guitar solo and name-checking Tom Petty.
"Saturdays," with the ladies from Haim stopping by to add their positively sunny sound, feels like it could play during the end credits of a John Hughes movie. It's a winner. But the flatulent "18 Years" ultimately fails, sounding like a cut that didn't make the "Say Anything" soundtrack.
The tender "Little Woman" gets overwhelmed by production elements, a frequent issue that pops up on "Caer." Many songs try too hard to be weighty and sound like they've been arranged for an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical.
The album's cover image is unintentionally apt. It shows someone covering their face with their hands, as if acknowledging they've wasted a chance. "I'm too mixed up," Twin Shadow warns us on the album, and you believe him.
Even the spare and pretty interlude "Twins Theme" is marred by clumsy rain sounds. And why halfway through "Obvious People" does the song warp and the vocals sped up, resembling Chipmunks?
Twin Shadow is listed as the producer or co-producer - as well as a mixer - on every song on the album. It might be time for them to relinquish some control or he's going to keep free falling like Tom Petty.
______
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
May 2 (Reuters) -
* The studios and the Writers Guild Of America finally reached a tentative deal on a new contract - Buzzfeed News
* Details about the new contract between the writers guild of america and the studios would be revealed May 4 - Buzzfeed News Source text - bzfd.it/2p3IQTx
2:31 Hog Wild: Hogs hunted for killing sea turtles on deserted S.C. island Pause
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what they learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
Inbee Park poses with the trophy after winning the Founders Cup LPGA golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Inbee Park poses with the trophy after winning the Founders Cup LPGA golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
PHOENIX (AP) - Weeks like this at the Founders Cup are why Inbee Park held off retiring and Laura Davies is still competing at age 54.
Park celebrated their 19th LPGA Tour victory and first in a little over a year Sunday at Desert Ridge. Davies tied for second for their best tour finish since winning the last of their 20 titles in 2001.
Park closed with a 5-under 67 in cool, breezy conditions, pulling away with four straight back-nine birdies. The 29-year-old South Korean star finished at 19-under 269, winning a day after revealing they were 50-50 about retiring before returning from a long break.
"The reason that I am competing and playing is because I want to win and because I want to contend in golf tournaments," Park said. "This week definitely proved me I can win and contend and play some pain-free golf."
Davies, three strokes behind Park entering the round after the World Golf Hall of Famers shot matching 63s on Saturday, bogeyed the last for a 69 to finish five strokes back with Ariya Jutanugarn and Marina Alex.
"Now people might stop asking me when I'm going to retire," Davies said. "I can just say, 'Well, I finished second last week.' That's the good bit. People are off my back now. I can just go and play and see if I can have a few more top-10 finishes this year."
They missed a chance to shatter the LPGA Tour age record set by Beth Daniel in the 2003 Canadian Women's Open at 46 years, 8 months, 29 days.
"It would've been huge," Davies said.
They also could have moved within a point of the LPGA Hall of Fame with a win in the event honoring the 13 women who founded the tour.
"I was 4 over after six on the first day, so just to get in this position is amazing," Davies said.
After following an opening birdie with 10 pars, Park started their birdie run with a 15-footer from the fringe on the par-4 12th. They added a curling 10-foot try on the par-4 13th, a 20-footer on the par-3 14th and got up-and-down from a bunker on the par-5 15th.
"I was getting a little bit frustrated, but I always just try to keep myself calm and just keep telling myself that, 'It's going to come. It's going to come. It's going to drop at some point,'" Park said.
They returned two weeks ago in Singapore for their title defense after not playing since the Women's British Open in August.
"I felt like I was hitting the ball quite solid, but I didn't know when the short game and the putting was going to come around," Park said. "I just felt like that was just really rusty from taking some break from last year."
Davies rebounded from an opening bogey with a chip-in eagle on the par-5 second. They made 8-foot birdie putts on Nos. 9 and 10 to get within a stroke of Park before the Olympic champion made their winning run.
Fighting Achilles tendon and calf problems in their left leg, Davies also birdied the par-5 15th. They were trying to win for the fifth time in Phoenix after taking the Moon Valley event from 1994-97.
"I still feel like I can hit the ball as well as most of the really good players out here," Davies said.
Jutanugarn had a 70 to tie for second for the second straight year. They were paired with Davies.
"My dream come true," Jutanugarn said. "I love how they play. She's like my idol and I had some much fun. I not really concentrate with my score at all. I just have so much fun. Pleasure to play with her."
Alex closed with a 68 for the best finish of their career. They chipped in for eagle on 15, but bogeyed the 18th to fall into the tie for second.
"I guess when I made the eagle, then I got a little excited," Alex said. "I missed a ton of birdie opportunities."
In Gee Chun had a 66 - the best round of the day - to join Megan Khan (68) at 13 under.
Michelle Wie and Jessica Korda struggled on the weekend, each closing with a 72. Korda tied for 26th at 8 under, a stroke ahead of Wie. Korda won three weeks ago in Thailand in their return from jaw surgery, and Wie was coming off a victory in the Singapore event.
The Palisades Library Bookstore will add additional hours to its schedule, thanks to having more volunteers. The store is located on the rear patio of the Library, adjacent to the magazine section. This is the perfect place to pick up a paperback mystery or thriller for the airplane. New hours are:
Monday and Wednesday: 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Tuesday, Thursday and Friday: 12:30 to 4:30 p.m.
Saturday: 10:30 to 5 p.m.
Proceeds from the sale of the gently used, donated books go towards library programs and materials (especially new books).
A Scottish man has been charged with purposely infecting four men with HIV and trying to pass the virus to six more from October 2015 to December 2016. Creative Commons
China Grove, N.C. (February 13, 2017) — Fresh off the heels of a breakthrough 2016 NASCAR season, Precision Performance Motorsports (PPM) has been hard at work building a fleet of NASCAR XFINITY and K&N Pro Series East cars, improving their new facility in North Carolina, and preparing for the 2017 season. With ten XFINITY Series cars and four K&N Pro Series East cars, equipment and talented people, PPM plans to further progress both programs in the upcoming year.
Over the past few years, PPM has become a seasoned team capable of laying the groundwork to build a customizable program around a driver to match their particular needs. A developing driver can progress from the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East to the XFINITY Series with PPM.
PPM's history in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East dates back to 2011 debuting with driver Brandon Gdovic. Since then, the team has earned 28 top-10 finishes, 13 top-fives, and a win with multiple rookie drivers. Much of the 2016 season was spent improving the K&N program in preparation for 2017 including personnel and equipment.
PPM made their debut in the NASCAR XFINITY Series at Watkins Glen International with rookie Gdovic behind the wheel. In their first-ever trip to a NASCAR road course, the team posted a 13th-place finish, besting many veteran teams and drivers. 2016 saw continued success with Rookies Anthony Kumpen and Jordan Anderson having career-best races with PPM, while Gdovic continued to showcase their talent on oval tracks.
Principle driver, Gdovic, has since transitioned into the General Manager role at PPM. This new leadership role has been coupled with a successful foray into road course racing. Only two months into 2017 and they have already competed in the Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona, the 24 Hours at Dubai, and four TCR Middle East races. Their busy road course racing schedule has opened the door (or seat, should we say) for other drivers to grow in their stock car racing careers with the backing of a team that has proven success.
In 2017, PPM plans to run a partial XFINITY Series schedule, beginning with the PowerShares QQQ 300 at Daytona International Speedway in February with NASCAR Euro Series Champion Anthony Kumpen, and the K&N Pro Series East schedule with drivers to be announced. PPM still has races available in the XFINITY Series as well as up to a full season in the K&N Pro Series East for funded drivers.
For additional information on opportunities available for funded drivers at Precision Performance Motorsports, contact Rick Gdovic at Rick@ppm646.com or at 757-890-2801
About Precision Performance Motorsports Owned by Rick and Kelly Gdovic, Precision Performance Motorsports (PPM) is a China Grove, North Carolina based auto racing team that fields entries in the NASCAR XFINITY Series and the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East. PPM provides a comprehensive driver development program, race car rentals, setup and pull down rig services, test consultation, and driver coaching. For more information, visit Precision Performance Motorsports on Facebook, @PrecisionPerf on Twitter, and visit the website at www.ppm646.com
Sources: Precision Performance Motorsports PR
Have any of those men - mostly in their 20s and 30s - been to a World War II memorial? Have any of them visited one of the thousands of small graveyards in rural communities across America that memorialize an entire generation of young men lost to that war?
The GOP is close to drafting an immigration bill that “deals with the DACA situation,” GOP Majority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy told Fox News.
Interviewer Brian Kilmeade declined to press McCarthy on the controversial issue, even though cheap-labor immigration split the GOP in 2016 and elected Donald Trump to the White House. McCarthy said May 30:
We have been in the room, working together, conservatives, moderates, and others to be able to put an immigration plan together that protects our borders, secures our borders, ends catch-and-release, and deals with the DACA situation. I think we are very close to having an agreement that I think could go on to the floor, have the Republicans — and put the Democrats in a place to see if they are really serious about getting immigration reform.
.@GOPLeader: We're very close to having an immigration agreement that protects our border, ends catch and release, and deals with DACA pic.twitter.com/Wh0uB32mxr — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) May 30, 2018
McCarthy did not offer any details of the proposed deal, but did start their explanation by pointing viewers toward to Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, by noting that the pending discharge petition “turns the floor over to Nancy Pelosi.”
McCarthy's vague description of the proposed amnesty does not include three of President Donald Trump's four pillars — a border wall, the wind-down of the chain-migration inflow and a quick end to the visa lottery.
“I think it's time to get the whole package,” Trump told Fox News' anchor Brian Kilmeade on May 24. “It's not such a big deal, Brian. It's time to get the whole package … We're going to change the system — we have no choice for the good of our country.” Trump continued:
Unless it includes a wall, and I mean a wall, a real wall, and unless it includes very strong border security, there'll be no approvals from me because I have to either approve it or not … A [visa] lottery is ridiculous, you know. I mean, they take people from the lottery where you can imagine these countries are not putting their finest in that lottery, so I don't like the lottery. Chain migration is a disaster, and you look at what's going on where somebody comes in who's bad and yet they'll have 24 members of a family, not one of them do you want in this country. So chain migration is terrible, lottery is terrible … [and] we have to get rid of catch and release.
McCarthy's comment also ignored the compromise bill drafted by Rep. Bob Goodlatte, chairperson of the House judiciary committee. That bill is backed by mainstream conservatives, including the House Freedom Caucus, but has been sidelined by House Speaker Paul Ryan, who has long championed rules that help companies import more workers.
When Goodlatte was asked by Breitbart News for a comment about their role in the talks, they responded:
I have been and will continue working with leadership and our members to find a legislative solution to modernize America's immigration system for the next generation and enact reforms that will make our nation strong.
However, McCarthy focused their comments on the group of almost 25 GOP members who are using the discharge-petition process to force an immigration vote.
The group has set a June 7 deadline for the leadership to develop an amnesty plan. If the leadership does not meet that deadline, the GOP group says they will ally with the Democrats to stage a June 25 floor debate that will likely pass a no-strings amnesty bill.
Ryan can easily block the discharge-petition vote by closing down the House on June 25, and also on June 23, which are the only days allowed for holding a discharge-petition vote.
McCarthy's apparent zig-zag towards an amnesty, in cooperation with retiring Ryan, defies the shocking 2016 election results and threatens to spit the party again, say immigration-reform advocates. Rachel Bovard, a conservative organizer, and a former Hill staffer, writes in American Greatness:
Allowing this amnesty effort to move forward presents a real risk to the future of the party, and also to the House's leadership. Mishandling of immigration policy has already played a role in bringing down one speaker. It has arguably tainted the legacies of senators and at least one Republican president. If amnesty passes the House next month, the repercussions will bang like a gong in the upcoming midterm elections and the race to replace Paul Ryan as speaker. But the action will resonate far beyond the four walls of the House Chamber, as yet another decades-long political promise is shredded by a Republican party already knee deep in broken commitments and diminished credibility.
In June 2014, Rep. Eric Cantor, McCarthy's predecessor as Majority Leader, lost their seat because of their closed-door push for amnesty.
But McCarthy and Ryan may just be trying to engineer a pre-election Congressional deadlock to avoid retaliation either from voters who want higher wages and the business donors who want lower wages, said Jessica Vaughan, policy director at the Center for Immigration Studies.
In recent weeks, more GOP business donors have declared they will close their checkbooks unless the GOP endorses another cheap-labor amnesty.
McCarthy's statement “all seems like platitudes and keywords that he's been instructed to include by their staff, or they think will placate people, without really offering any insight into what is possible or likely,” they said, adding:
 They are either trying to be deliberately vague because they don't want people to know what is being contemplated, or they are trying to offer the kind of chameleon-like terms that allow people to hear what they want to hear. That gives them maximum maneuvering room to push through what they want … [The terms] are slippery enough that they can be used to describe anything — the [2013] Gang of Eight used these kinds of words to describe their preposterous bill. [Democratic Sen.] Dick Durbin [used the same terms] when they went to the White House with this ridiculous deal that they wanted Trump to sign off on. “Securing the border” doesn't mean anything …. [in contrast to] specific commitments, such as building the wall, reducing legal immigration numbers, or increasing detention capacity.
In February, the GOP's leader in the Senate. Sen. Mitch McConnell engineered a four-bill deadlock that allowed roughly 12 GOP Senators to vote for cheap-labor sought by donors and also for immigration improvements sought by voters. Since February, McConnell has resisted calls to schedule another immigration vote.
McCarthy's phrase — “put the Democrats in a place to see if they are really serious about getting immigration reform” — suggests they want to engineer a rejection vote which allows the GOP's donors and populists to jointly blame Democrats for the defeat of immigration reform.
But a deadlock vote would also be a temporary win for the cheap-labor caucus, which has blocked Trump's immigration reforms since their inauguration. The struggle between the cheap-labor business groups and the pro-employee immigration-reformers would restart in 2018, once each side had elected their favored legislators in November.
Yet the GOP leadership would gain by grasping the political nettle and declaring their support for pro-American immigration reform, Vaughan said, adding:
They would be much better off negotiating a limited deal that is more towards what Trump wants. Then they can say [to voters] “We've got what we could, even if the Senate does not move it, send us back [in November] and we can get more done.” When are they going to learn this is a winning issue if they talk about it the right way?
Amnesty advocates rely on business-funded “Nation of Immigrants” push-polls to show apparent voter support for immigration and immigrants.
But “choice” polls reveal most voters' often-ignored preference that CEOs should hire Americans at decent wages before hiring migrants. Those Americans include many blue-collar Blacks, Latinos, and people who hide their opinions from pollsters. Similarly, the 2018 polls show that GOP voters are far more concerned about migration — more properly, the economics of migration — than they are concerned about illegal migration and MS-13, taxes, or the return of Rep. Nancy Pelosi.
Humans see the world in higher resolution than most animals
DURHAM, N.C. -- Compared with many animals, human eyes aren't particularly adept at distinguishing colors or seeing in dim light. But by one measure at least -- something called visual acuity -- human eyes can see fine details that most animals can't, Duke University researchers say.
A new study of animal vision compared hundreds of species by the sharpness of their sight.
In a paper published in the May 2018 issue of the journal Trends in Ecology & Evolution, the researchers compiled previously published estimates of visual acuity for roughly 600 species of insects, birds, mammals, fish and other animals.
Across the animal kingdom, most species "see the world with much less detail than we do," said first author Eleanor Caves, a postdoctoral researcher at Duke.
The study measured acuity in terms of cycles per degree, which is how many pairs of black and white parallel lines a species can discern within one degree of the field of vision before they turn into a smear of gray.
Researchers can't ask a camel to identify letters on an eye chart. Instead, they estimate visual acuity based on an animal's eye anatomy -- such as the spacing and density of light-sensing structures -- or using behavioral tests.
The limit of detail that human eyes can resolve is about 60 cycles per degree, which helps us make out road signs and recognize faces from afar.
Chimpanzees and other primates can pick out similarly fine patterns.
A few birds of prey do better. For instance, the wedge-tailed eagle of Australia can see 140 cycles per degree, more than twice the limit of human visual acuity. Eagles can spot something as small as a rabbit while flying thousands of feet above the ground.
But apart from some eagles, vultures and falcons, the results show that most birds see fewer than 30 cycles per degree -- less than half as much detail as humans.
The same goes for fish. "The highest acuity in a fish is still only about half as sharp as us," Caves said.
Humans can resolve four to seven times more detail than dogs and cats, and more than a hundred times more than a mouse or a fruit fly.
A person who sees less than 10 cycles per degree is considered legally blind. Most insects, it turns out, can't see more than one.
Overall, the researchers found a 10,000-fold difference between the most sharp-sighted and the most blurry-eyed species.
The researchers also created a series of images showing how different scenes might appear to animals with different acuities, using a software package they developed called AcuityView. The software takes a digital photo and strips away all the spatial detail that may be too fine for a given animal to distinguish.
The converted images reveal animal patterns that, while easy for some species to see, may be imperceptible to others, or only recognizable from a short distance.
Take the patterns on a butterfly's wing. Scientists have debated the function of their spots, stripes and splotches.
One common assumption is that they warn birds and other predators to stay away. It has also been proposed that they help butterflies check out or seduce potential mates.
The researchers determined that the wing patterns of, say, the map butterfly may be apparent to many birds, but to others of their kind their wing patterns are likely a blur, even from just a few inches away.
"I don't actually think butterflies can see them," Caves said.
Some animals may use such differences in acuity to send secret messages that sharper-sighted species can read but others can't, Caves said.
For instance, orb-weaver spiders decorate their webs with white silk zigzags, spirals and other designs whose function has been debated.
One theory is that they keep larger animals from accidentally colliding with their delicate webs, like the window stickers used to keep birds from flying into the glass. Another idea is that they lure insect prey.
But images of spider web decorations as they might appear to different species suggest that, while birds can spot them from as far away as six feet, they are virtually invisible to houseflies and other small insects that might blunder into the spider's sticky traps.
It seems the decorations help spiders alert birds to webs that might be in their flight path, without blowing their cover with the creatures they might be trying to catch for lunch.
The converted images the team produced don't represent what animals actually see, the researchers caution. That's because while the eyes take in visual information, the brain must make sense of it.
It is likely that certain things may be sharper or easier to detect thanks to edge enhancement and other forms of "post-processing" that occur once the visual information is relayed to the brain, Caves said. But the software gives researchers a sense of what visual information the brain has to work with.
"The point is that researchers who study animal interactions shouldn't assume that different species perceive detail the same way we do," Caves said.
###
German authorities have granted asylum to Ilhami P., a suspected organizer of the July 2016 military coup in Turkey, and another high-ranking military official allegedly involved in the uprising, local media reported on Friday.
According to Der Spiegel newspaper, the Turkish prosecution accused Ilhami P., former head of a military academy in Ankara and the most wanted person in Turkey, of treason and links to a terrorist organization.
Ilhami P. told the German newspaper "at their own risk" that Turkish intelligence might track them down and abduct.
According to the newspaper, the four other Turkish servicemen, considered by Ankara as important leaders in the coup, were also granted asylum, which makes their extradition to Turkey impossible.
A military coup attempt took place in Turkey on July 15, 2016, but was suppressed the following day. It left over 240 people dead and an estimated 2,000 wounded. Turkey has accused Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, who has been living in the US state of Pennsylvania since 1999, and their movement, which Turkey refers as the Fethullah Terrorist Organization (FETO), of playing a key role in the coup attempt. Gulen has refuted the allegations.
© AP Photo/ Hussein Malla Turkey Prevented 36 FETO Suspects From Fleeing to Europe Since Failed Coup
Since the thwarted coup, Turkey has arrested hundreds of military personnel, activists and journalists on suspicion of having links to FETO.
Relations between Berlin and Ankara deteriorated following the failed coup attempt in Turkey. Hundreds of Turkish diplomats and servicemen, including generals, applied for asylum in Germany, prompting criticism from Turkey. Ankara has accused Berlin of providing asylum for coup plotters, while Berlin has strongly criticized the detention of German journalists and human rights activists in Turkey.
A rental car being used by a family of Russian tourists caught fire on Monday on the Paphos to Polis Chrysochous road, a police report said.
According to the report, the two parents and their three children, aged 11, 10, and 1, managed to exit the car before the fire spread. The incident took place at about 3pm near the village of Stroumbi.
The mother sustained light leg injuries.
An ambulance rushed to the scene and took them to the Paphos general hospital for treatment.
The fire was put out by the Fire Service.
Today is Saturday, Feb. 3, the 34th day of 2018 with 331 to follow.
The moon is waning. Morning stars are Jupiter, Mars, Mercury and Saturn. Evening stars are Neptune, Uranus and Venus.
Those born on this date are under the sign of Aquarius. They include German composer Felix Mendelssohn in 1809; U.S. journalist Horace Greeley in 1811; Elizabeth Blackwell, the first woman doctor of medicine, in 1821; poet and novelist Gertrude Stein in 1874; artist Norman Rockwell in 1894; gangster Charles Arthur "Pretty Boy" Floyd in 1904; author James Michener in 1907; comedian Shelley Berman in 1925; actor John Fiedler in 1925; football Hall of Fame quarterback Fran Tarkenton in 1940 (age 78); actor Blythe Danner in 1943 (age 75); football Hall of Fame quarterback Bob Griese in 1945 (age 73); musician Dave Davies (The Kinks) in 1947 (age 71); Nobel Peace Prize laureate Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo in 1948 (age 70); actor Morgan Fairchild in 1950 (age 68); actor Pamela Franklin in 1950 (age 68); actor Nathan Lane in 1956 (age 62); actor Thomas Calabro in 1959 (age 59); actor Maura Tierney in 1965 (age 53); professional golfer Retief Goosen in 1969 (age 49); actor Warwick Davis in 1970 (age 48); Isla Fisher in 1976 (age 42); actor Maitland Ward in 1977 (age 41); human rights lawyer Amal Clooney in 1978 (age 40); rapper Sean Kingston in 1990 (age 28).
On this date in history:
In 1690, Massachusetts Colony issued the first paper money in America.
In 1783, Spain recognized the independence of the United States from Great Britain.
In 1870, the 15th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified. It decreed that the right to vote shall not be denied on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude.
In 1913, the 16th Amendment, allowing establishment of an income tax, became part of the U.S. Constitution after ratification by Wyoming.
In 1917, the United States severed relations with Germany following the former's announcing its intention of waging unrestricted submarine warfare the previous day, on Feb. 2, 1917.
In 1924, Woodrow Wilson, the 28th president of the United States, died in Washington at the age of 67.
In 1959, singers Buddy Holly, J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson and Ritchie Valens, and their pilot, Roger Peterson, were killed in a plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa.
In 1966, the Soviet Union accomplished the first controlled landing on the moon when the unmanned spacecraft Luna 9 touched down on the Ocean of Storms.
In 1973, the Endangered Species Act was signed into law by U.S. President Richard Nixon.
In 1994, the United States ended a trade embargo on Vietnam after 19 years.
In 1994, Space Shuttle Discovery blasted off into space with the first Russian cosmonaut aboard a U.S. spacecraft.
In 1998, Texas executed Karla Faye Tucker, the first female inmate to be put to death by the state in 135 years.
In 1998, a U.S. Marine jet clipped a cable car wire in a northern Italian ski resort, killing 20 people.
In 2004, the discovery of the lethal poison ricin in the mailroom of U.S. Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tenn., the Senate majority leader, forced the temporary closing of three Senate office buildings in Washington.
In 2005, more than 50 people died when a train rammed a trailer carrying a wedding party at a railroad crossing in India.
In 2005, 104 people aboard an Afghan airliner died when it crashed in the mountains near Kabul. It was Afghanistan's worst air disaster.
In 2006, an Egyptian ferry sank in the Red Sea off the coast of Egypt, an accident that killed nearly 1,000 people.
In 2007, a truck bomb exploded in a Baghdad market killing at least 135 people and injuring more than 300.
In 2008, Serbian President Boris Tadic, a pro-Western leader who favored closer ties with the United States, won re-election over a hard-line Radical Party candidate.
In 2011, the New York City Council approved a measure banning smoking in 1,700 parks and along 14 miles of beaches.
A thought for the day: "The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Where would we be without the people who willingly give of their time and effort to help others? Sergeant Nick Hurn is one of those people who go the extra mile, recently helping to raise much needed funds for Legacy, assisting them to continue their work caring for families of incapacitated or deceased Australian Veterans. Nick also goes on to tell us about their career in the Royal Australian Air Force.
Interviewer Helen Meyer
Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton, left, shakes hands with comedian Trevor Noah, right, at a ceremony awarding the Global Teacher Prize in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sunday, March 18, 2018. British school teacher Andria Zafirakou won the highly competitive $1 million teaching prize on Sunday for their work with inner city children in London, helping students feel welcome and safe in a borough with one of the highest murder rates in the country and where English is frequently spoken as a second language at home. (AP Photo/Jon Gambrell)
Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton, left, shakes hands with comedian Trevor Noah, right, at a ceremony awarding the Global Teacher Prize in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, Sunday, March 18, 2018. British school teacher Andria Zafirakou won the highly competitive $1 million teaching prize on Sunday for their work with inner city children in London, helping students feel welcome and safe in a borough with one of the highest murder rates in the country and where English is frequently spoken as a second language at home. (AP Photo/Jon Gambrell)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) - A British art teacher won a highly-competitive $1 million teaching prize on Sunday for their work with inner-city children in London, helping students feel welcome and safe in a borough with one of the highest murder rates in the country.
Andria Zafirakou, 39, beat out some 30,000 applicants from around the world to win the Global Teacher Prize, which honors one exceptional teacher a year who's made a significant contribution to the profession.
The Alperton Community School teacher was awarded for their work in the London borough of Brent, one of the most ethnically diverse places in the country. Them students come from some of the poorest families in Britain with parents who don't necessarily speak English.
They were credited for their efforts beyond the classroom, which include establishing relationships with parents, riding with students on the bus and standing at school gates with police officers to welcome students at the start of the day.
"It's always a nice thing sometimes to say hi to them in their language and then that just automatically makes them smile and it makes the connection with the child," they told The Associated Press.
Zafirakou is the first British teacher to win the award. Prime Minister Theresa May congratulated them in a video recording at the award ceremony.
"Being a great teacher requires resilience, ingenuity and a generous heart," the prime minister said. "These are the qualities that you share with your students every day. So, thank you for all you have done and continue to do."
Stunned and excited, the secondary school (high school) teacher began their speech saying, "Wow!"
They thanked their parents, who were in the audience, saying with laughter: "The Greek family have arrived."
Zafirakou, who is born in London, also praised the "beautiful" diversity of their school's population and said the students are intense in their pursuit of education despite living in crowded homes where it is hard to find a quiet place to study and where many have to care for their siblings after school.
"For many of our students, English is not the main language spoken at home. It's also a community where many of our students unfortunately live in challenging circumstances," they said on stage.
"What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain: Our school is theirs," they said.
Zafirakou, who works as an art and textiles teacher, stressed the importance of funding arts programs in schools. They said the arts help students think creatively, and teaches them resilience and perseverance.
They told the AP that with the million-dollar prize she'd like to think about a project for their community that celebrates creativity.
The Global Teacher Prize was awarded in a star-studded ceremony in Dubai on Sunday hosted by Trevor Noah of the "Daily Show". Other celebrities present included Hollywood star Charlize Theron and Indian actor Priyanka Chopra.
Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum was on hand to present the prize.
The award is presented by the Varkey Foundation. Its founder, Sunny Varkey, established the for-profit GEMS Education company, which has more than 250 schools around the world.
Last year, Canadian teacher Maggie MacDonnell won the prize for their work with Inuit indigenous students in a remote and isolated Arctic village. In previous years, the winners included a Palestinian and an American.
Of course Dean Winchester has the hots for Daphne.
The hunter is completely in their element in more than two dozen new photos from Supernatural‘s animated crossover with Scooby-Doo, during which Dean, their brother Sam and pal Castiel get transported into the cartoon world. On top of getting to use their expertise to solve a ghostly mystery with the Scoobies, Dean flirts with Daphne and chows down on sandwiches with Shaggy and Scooby. (Seriously, how much is they loving this?)
Elsewhere in the first look, Sam gives Velma a fright, and Castiel finds themselves taking part in an iconic scene from the beloved animated show.
“I'm really excited for Scooby-Doo to be part of the Supernatural lore, but I'm more excited about the Supernatural lore to be a part of the Scooby-Doo canon,” star Jared Padalecki said during TVLine's set visit. “That's cool for me, that now there's a footnote about Supernatural when people are talking about Scooby-Doo. I hope we can do more of it.”
The “ScoobyNatural” episode airs next Thursday, March 29 at 8/7c on The CW.
Scroll through the gallery above (or click here for direct access), then hit the comments with your thoughts on the epic crossover.
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Bonner-Prendergast's Yohance Garner (bottom) dives for a loose ball in the first quarter of the PIAA Class 5A boys basketball semifinal game on Monday.
BETHLEHEM, Pa. — With about 5 seconds left, the public-address announcer asked spectators to stay off the court at the conclusion of the game.
In fairness to the Abington Heights crowd that packed Freedom High School for the PIAA Class 5A boys' semifinals, they didn't say anything about not throwing things onto the court.
It appeared the Comets would prevail in regulation, leading Bonner-Prendergast by three points with seconds remaining.
Chaos prevailed instead, and kisses were the culprit.
The District 2 top-seeded Comets eventually won, 56-51, in overtime. But after Michael Perretta rebounded Isaiah Wong's desperate three-pointer in regulation and flung it over their head, Abington Heights fans threw Hershey kisses onto the court.
The problem — besides the cliche kisses — was that a referee had called a foul before the horn blared.
Here's what happened at the end of regulation. Michael Perretta was fouled with 1 second left. Refs called a technical foul on the Abington Heights bench. Perretta hit 3 of 4 feebies. pic.twitter.com/4KH0UqD0wn — Aaron Carter (@AceCarterINQ) March 20, 2018
Several players from Abington Heights, assuming the game was over, also ran onto the court.
In the aftermath, officials called a “bench technical foul” for the chucked chocolate.
Premature celebration by Abington Heights. @MBAP_Athletics was fouled. Technical foul called on Abington Heights. 1.0 left. 48-45, Bonner-Prendie trails pic.twitter.com/fHia4EyTUX — Aaron Carter (@AceCarterINQ) March 20, 2018
And because Bonner-Prendie was in the double-bonus, Perretta was awarded two freebies for the foul and two more for the technical.
To the visible consternation of the Comets, who watched helplessly at midcourt, Perretta calmly drained the first three free throws.
The fourth, however, rimmed out and elicited an eruption of emotion from all sides.
“We were scared,” said junior forward George Tinsley, who led the Comets with 18 points. “We wanted to get to the state. We thought we had it locked up and then that happened. We were just so confused about it. I just tried to bring them together and realize that we have to hope they miss one of these and play really good defense once they do.”
On the Friars' ensuing possession, Donovan Rodriguez missed a long three-point attempt that came up just short.
We're headed to overtime in the Class 5A semifinals between Abington Heights and @MBAP_Athletics tied at 48 after a wild end to regulation pic.twitter.com/fjITfx1wLO — Aaron Carter (@AceCarterINQ) March 20, 2018
In the overtime that followed, the Friars turned the ball over four times, while the Comets (26-3) hit all six of their free throws.
With a few seconds left in overtime, the PA announcer reiterated their previous reminder, with an addendum: “… and please do not throw anything onto the court.”
Abington Heights is headed to Hershey after dispatching @MBAP_Athletics 56-51. Tinsley 18, Danzig 15, Nealon 14. Wong 19, Ingraham 12&8. @RallyPhilly pic.twitter.com/CoeAsTm9vv — Aaron Carter (@AceCarterINQ) March 20, 2018
Comets senior wing Jackson Danzig finished with 15 points, three rebounds, and three steals. Junior guard Jack Nealon finished with 14 points and hit all seven of their free throws.
The Comets will play District 7 Mars in Hershey for the Class 5A championship.
Bonner-Prendergast (25-5), the District 12 Class 5A champions, finished 21 of 29 at the foul line and had only four field goals after halftime.
The Friars, who scored just three points in the third quarter, were paced by junior point guard Isaiah Wong, who finished with 19 points after scoring 15 by intermission, which provided a 31-27 Friars lead.
Wong was face-guarded and denied the ball by Nealon often in the second half in what appeared to be a triangle-and-one defense.
Wong finished 5 of 11 overall after hitting 4 of 7 at the half. They also added 8 of 11 free throws, four rebounds, two steals and a block.
Fellow junior Tariq Ingraham finished with 12 points and eight rebounds.
Abington Heights Comets (25-3) 14 13 10 11 8 56
Bonner-Prendie (25-4) 17 14 3 14 3 51
BP: Isaiah Wong 19, Tariq Ingraham 12, Donovan Rodriguez 7, Michael Perretta 6, Ajiri Johnson 4, James Welde 3.
AH: George Tinsley 18, Jackson Danzig 15, Jack Nealon 14, Mikey Malone 6, Corey Perkins 2, Drew Nealon 1.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
DENVER (AP) — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left their start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that “comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it.”
To take their place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
They were selected by San Francisco in the first round of the 2014 draft.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Comments
comments
Three-time Formula 1 world champion Nelson Piquet received the Gregor Grant Award at this year's Autosport Awards.
The accolade for Lifetime Achievement in Motorsport, has previously been awarded to drivers including Nigel Mansell, Niki Lauda, and Alain Prost.
“The time I had in motor racing was fantastic,” Piquet said as they received the award.
“To learn and work with a team was the most important.
“There is something that I want to say to everyone who is participating in motorsport: Racing taught me so many things in life, to be more responsible, to be on time and all of the things have made me successful outside of motor racing also.”
Piquet's F1 career spanned over 14 years, in which they took more than 20 race wins. They took their first victory with Brabham in 1980, a year before securing the championship with the team.
After a more disappointing 1982, Piquet took the championship again in '83.
The Brazilian switched to Williams in 1986, finishing third in the title race in their first season with the team, before taking their third title the following year.
They also raced in the Indy 500 and 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Derek Warwick, who was President of the British Racing Drivers' Club until earlier this year, also received the Gregor Grant Award.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 10' game
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the New York Lottery's "Pick 10" game were:
03-06-07-09-14-27-28-29-31-32-36-42-44-50-53-56-59-67-71-79
(three, six, seven, nine, fourteen, twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty-six, forty-two, forty-four, fifty, fifty-three, fifty-six, fifty-nine, sixty-seven, seventy-one, seventy-nine)
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
PHOENIX (AP) — Women running for office are due to hit another threshold with a record number of candidates for the U.S. Senate, but actually winning those seats and changing the face of the chamber are a different matter.
Many of the women jumping into Senate races face uphill campaigns. Two female senators, both Democrats, could lose their re-election bids, possibly leaving the Senate more male-dominated than before.
In Wisconsin on Wednesday, Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin and Republican state Sen. Leah Vukmir are expected to file for the state's Senate race. That would bring to 42 the number of women in the two major parties — the most ever — qualified to run for 19 seats in the Senate, according to an Associated Press analysis of data collected by the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University and candidate qualifying information released by states. Today, 23 women are senators.
"It's not going to be a huge gain," said Dianne Bystrom, director of the Carrie Chapman Catt Center for Women and Politics at Iowa State University. "But it is a body more open to incremental changes."
A potent force behind the surge in female participation is the highly charged #MeToo movement, ignited by widespread allegations of sexual misconduct by men in entertainment, politics, journalism and other sectors. Mixed in is criticism of President Donald Trump's policies and their alleged conduct toward women.
"All of these sparks are working in different ways, and one of the giant sparks has been the #MeToo movement," said former Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif. Boxer was among four women elected in 1992, which tripled their Senate ranks in part, they say, over a backlash by female voters against the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, who had been accused of sexual harassment.
As impressive as the numbers appear for a chamber that has only seated 52 female members in its history, more women will lose their races, too, thanks in part to primaries featuring multiple female candidates. In 2016, 40 women ran for the Senate.
In Arizona, odds are a woman will succeed retiring Republican Sen. Jeff Flake. Six women are running in the August primaries, setting up a likely all-female matchup.
Arizona Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema, who filed their candidate petitions Tuesday, demurred when asked about the role gender plays in their candidacy. "For me, my public service has never been about my gender or really any other characteristic," Sinema told The Associated Press.
In a recent ad Sinema credits their single mother for shepherding their family through tough times, echoing themes of family security, a priority for some female voters.
Wisconsin's Baldwin could face Vukmir, who faces a completive August primary.
The biggest hurdle for women running for the Senate is the map. Of the 13 Democratic women seeking re-election, four are in states Trump carried in 2016 and where they are expected to weigh in heavily.
Seen as most vulnerable are first-term Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, a state Trump carried by almost 36 percentage points, and second-term Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, where Trump won by more than 18 percentage points.
At the same time, women stand a chance of picking up a seat in Nevada, where Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen is challenging Republican Sen. Dean Heller.
Likewise, in Tennessee, Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Trump devotee whom the president raised money for Tuesday night in Nashville, faces Democratic former Gov. Phil Bredesen for the seat being vacated by the retiring Republican Sen. Bob Corker.
Limited opportunities for women to make gains are nothing new. But the 1992 election helped usher in changes championed by Senate women, including the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Violence Against Women Act.
For women approaching 2018, it's not just about increasing their numbers, said Kelly Dittmar of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers.
"It's not just about advancing. We need to hold the line," they said. "We need to prevent a backslid on these policies."
___
Beaumont reported from Des Moines, Iowa. Christina Almeida Cassidy contributed from Atlanta.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has of late taken unprecedented moves to modernize the country, with the most recent move including lifting the ban on movie theaters.
After more than 35 years Saudi Arabia will allow movie theaters to open all around the kingdom. The latest move is in tune with the reformist mission that the young Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman has embarked on.
The resolution was passed on Monday heralding licenses to be given to commercial movie theaters, decades after all cinemas were shuttered in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country.
"Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the Kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years," the culture and information ministry said in a statement.
© REUTERS/ Faisal Al Nasser Driving Licenses for Women in Saudi Arabia to 'Boost Economy'
The country is expected to have more than 300 cinemas with over 2,000 screens by 2030, the ministry said.
Earlier Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud had spoken out in favor of returning to "moderate Islam."
They have been pushing for socio-cultural reforms which include lifting the ban on women driving in the country and allowing women to attend sports events at stadiums.
"We will return to the former state or affairs, to moderate Islam, which is open to the world, and all other religions. We will not wait for 30 years, we will swiftly deal a blow to extremist ideologies," the crown prince said during the Future Investment Initiative forum held in Riyadh in October.
In September, Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud signed a royal decree permitting Saudi women to drive cars, for the first time in history of the country. The decree is set to come into effect in June, 2018.
The Saudi authorities will also start renovating the main stadiums in the cities' of Riyadh, Dammam and Jeddah to be ready to receive families starting in 2018.
According to the Arab News newspaper earlier in October, President of the Saudi Olympic Committee, Turki Al-Asheikh, appointed Princess Reema bint Bandar president of the Saudi Federation for Community Sports.
Parliament - Members of Parliament have lamented the slow pace of the probe into the naturalisation of some members of the Gupta family, warning the investigation risks collapsing if not built on solid information.
The parliamentarians from various parties also warned the institution's research unit and legal services not to be enticed with bribes from people who wanted to “water down everything that is happening against the Guptas”.
This comes after the Bloemfontein High Court's decision to lift the freeze on R250million of asserts belonging to the Guptas.
Read: Gigaba in Gupta tangle
Gigaba: I never received applications for SA citizenship from Guptas
The MPs urged that no stone be left unturned in the preliminary investigation into the state capture inquiry for the Home Affairs Department.
This emerged when the researcher for the Home Affairs portfolio committee gave an update on the investigation to determine what type of inquiry needed to be pursued.
The research unit and legal services were expected to report on the verification of documents that the department used to grant early naturalisation to Gupta family members in 2015.
They were expected to look into the issuing of work permits to employees at the TV station ANN7 and other Gupta-related companies as well as granting of citizenship under different ministers.
During the briefing on the preliminary probe, the committee heard that much work still needed to be done in collecting and analysing information.
Some information was still being awaited from the departments of Home Affairs, Labour and North West Education, a move that led to the interim report not being compiled.
The placement of adverts in newspapers calling on the public to make submissions and a trip to interview potential interviewees still had to be authorised.
The MPs expressed displeasure with the turn of events.
Committee chairperson Hlomane Chauke said they had expected a report on the conflicting information submitted by the Home Affairs Department.
“That information is very important for us,” Chauke said.
They added they viewed verification of donations made by the Guptas and also used as the basis to grant citizenship as critical.
“We have not done much. Much of the work that we were supposed to do, I feel you have not done; it for us to break through this issue,” they said.
Chauke added there should be a strong foundation in the preliminary investigation, otherwise the inquiry would collapse. “It is a serious matter that can't be watered down. That is not the intention of this committee. All of us have made it clear that we have to get to the bottom of this matter,” they said.
While the ANC's Maesela Kekana commended the work done so far, they said it was not enough.
“We want you not to start where you want.
“Do as we instructed you,” they said.
Kekana also cautioned against bribes during the course of the investigation.
“I believe no one will be bought in this process. I know there are people with nice suitcases who are making sure they water down everything that is happening against the Guptas,” Kekana said.
They were referring to the Eskom inquiry, which was marred by allegations that former state security minister Bongani Bongo allegedly tried to bribe the evidence leader for the Public Enterprises inquiry, advocate Ntuthuzelo Vanara.
The EFF's Hlengiwe Hlophe- Mkalipi said there should be no excuse for the Home Affairs Department not to provide the requested information.
“They are the ones who are supposed to help.
“If people are bought in this process, we can't allow that,” Hlophe-Mkalipi added.
The DA's Haniff Hoosen urged the research unit and legal services to “make sure to get to the bottom of the things”.
Hoosen said the investigation should go beyond the naturalisation of the Guptas and include the broader issues on state capture in the Home Affairs Department.
Political Bureau
Feb 2(Reuters) - Datasection Inc
* Says it will sell entire 66.7 percent voting power in Tokyo-based firm Weavers, for 23.3 million yen, on March 20
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/kpWpjN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Will the real St Kilda please stand up?
Interspersed among emphatic wins over Hawthorn (75 points), Greater Western Sydney (23) and Richmond (67) in 2017 were heavy losses to Adelaide (57), the Western Bulldogs (40), Essendon (61), Sydney (42) and the Tigers (41) in the final round.
The Saints' best was scintillating. Their worst was extremely disappointing.
In the end, they went from the best team outside the top eight when ninth in 2016, to 11th with 11 wins and 11 losses last year.
It would be particularly galling to Saints fans if there wasn't a correction in 2018.
Jack Billings displayed their obvious potential more regularly last season. A good year would have been great if not for a wayward performance in front of goal by the quality left-footer.
Seb Ross developed from an accomplished run-with player to a ball magnet and was rewarded with their first best and fairest.
One-time Docker Dylan Roberton's ongoing development showed no signs of abating in 2017 and Jack Steven remained the Saints' game breaker.
But this is a year where we will learn a great deal about the next wave of Saints. Captain Jarryn Geary is an admirable leader, but they now must present week in and week out without decorated trio Nick Riewoldt, Leigh Montagna and Sean Dempster, who all retired.
After losing so much experience, coach Alan Richardson knows full well that their emerging group must stand up.
Big things will be expected of Paddy McCartin in attack after the retirement of superstar Saints key forward Nick Riewoldt. Picture: Michael Dodge/Getty Images
The club has built a war chest to attract a big fish from another club, but is yet to do so, meaning improvement must come from within for this season at least.
The Saints won just two of their last seven games to drop out of finals contention last year, yet the board saw enough growth to re-sign Richardson until the end of 2020.
Heading into their fifth year at the helm, Richardson is facing pressure to mould the Saints into a consistent finals outfit.
Much will depend on whether Paddy McCartin can stand up.
The 21-year-old, the No.1 draft pick from 2014, appeared in only five games last season because of ongoing concussion issues.
Riewoldt's departure has left an opening for McCartin to become a consistent goal kicker alongside Tim Membrey, Josh Bruce, Jade Gresham and Billings. David Armitage should provide much-needed midfield grunt after they were cruelled by groin problems last season, while Blake Acres and Luke Dunstan should be better again.
Sam Gilbert is the only player aged 30 or over in the squad, with teenage top-eight draftees Hunter Clark and Nick Coffield both in line for early debuts after strong first summers.
The Saints have taken plenty of steps in recent years, but the step back into the top eight is yet to materialise.
The fact the Western Bulldogs and Richmond have broken long premiership droughts in the past two years, with Melbourne coming hard, hasn't been ignored by Saints supporters pining for their first flag since 1966.
We will learn a lot about where this club is at in 2018.
CARETAKER ACCUSED OF DEFRAUDING BISHOP
Nassau – A caretaker accused of defrauding an elderly bishop of close to a quarter of a million dollars has been denied bail.
Judith Smith, 62, of Millar's Heights, appeared before Senior Magistrate Derence Rolle-Davis on two counts of fraud by false pretenses.
Prosecutors allege that Smith defrauded Bishop Charles Rolle, 82, of $240,000 from 2008 to 2018. Smith, who is represented by attorney Bernard Ferguson, pleaded not guilty to the charges, has been remanded to the Bahamas Department of Correctional Services.
They return to court on June 5 for trial.
Aaron Carter has left rehab.
The 29-year-old singer checked into a treatment centre to "improve their health and work on their overall wellness" just two weeks ago, but after some unspecified "legal and personal matters" cropped up, they have decided to return home but remains "committed to their wellness".
Their representative, Steve Honig, told The Blast: "Aaron has left the facility where they have been working on their wellness. Several legal and personal matters arose that required their immediate and in-person attention.
"He is still very much committed to their wellness and will be continually working toward being the best person possible."
Aaron's representatives announced on September 22 they had checked into rehab.
They said in a statement "Aaron has decided to enter a facility to improve their health and work on their overall wellness.  They are going to do this privately and focus all their attention on being the best person and performer possible.  They are grateful for the support and love from their fans and looks forward to coming back stronger than ever before."
Their decision came after the 'I Want Candy' hitmaker admitted they are "concerned" about their health.
They explained: "I'm concerned about my overall health because people tell me I look like I have AIDs or I look like I have cancer or I look like I'm dying."
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Leidos has received a work order for logistics, operations, and maintenance services for Navy and Marine signature silencing programs for surface and undersea warfare vessels, the US Department of Defense announced in a press release on Monday.
"Leidos Inc., Reston, Virginia, is being awarded a $12,416,137 contract to provide continuity of logistics, operations, and maintenance services in support of Navy and Marine signature silencing programs," the release explained.
"The services under this contract support Navy and Marine signature silencing programs for naval ships and undersea systems; and provide engineering and program management support for the scheduling and planning of the Southeast Alaska Acoustic Measurement Facility (SEAFAC) array repair,” the release added.
SEAFAC is located in Behm Canal near Ketchikan, Alaska. It is the Navy's only West Coast facility for making high fidelity passive acoustic signature measurements of submarines and surface warfare ships, according to published reports.
Acoustic measurements are also taken of individual units of machinery operating within the seagoing vessels.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Moscow supports the full-scale restoration of the statehood of Libya.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Lavrov added that while the situation in Libya remains complicated, actions are being undertaken in order to reach national a political solution.
"Unfortunately, the situation in Libya remains difficult, the threat of extremism has not been overcome in your homeland. However, we know about the actions which are being undertaken and actively support the tendency of intensification of political resolution processes, the full-scale restoration of the statehood of your country," Lavrov said at a meeting with Khalifa Haftar, the head of the Libyan Natonal Army.
Russia supports the intention of Libyan National Army Commander Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar to reach an agreement with Prime Minister of the Libyan Government of National Accord Fayez Sarraj, Lavrov said.
© AP Photo/ Michel Euler 'Haftar Is the Clear Winner' After Libyan Rivals Agree to Ceasefire
"We are aware of the efforts being made with your participation, with the participation of Sarraj, which are aimed at ensuring generally acceptable agreements on optimal ways of implementing the Skhirat agreement," Lavrov told Haftar. "We support your set towards reaching such agreements," they added.
All mediation efforts in Libya should be carried out on the basis of the United Nations, Lavrov said.
"We believe that it is very important to focus all mediation efforts and ideas on the political front on the basis of the activities of the United Nations."
© AP Photo/ Mohammed El-Sheikhy Moscow Communicates With All Sides of Libyan Internal Conflict to Help Solve Crisis
According to Lavrov, Moscow sees such activities "not as aimed at development of solutions, but as a contribution to the most favorable conditions for a dialogue between key figures in Libya, so that they themselves agree on the future of their country."
"This is our principled stance," the minister said.
Libya has been suffering from a civil war since 2011 when long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown. The country's eastern regions are governed by the elected parliament headquartered in the city of Tobruk. Besides, the Government of National Accord, formed with the support from the United Nations and Europe and headed by Fayez Sarraj, operates in the country's west, including the Libyan capital of Tripoli.
The eastern authorities act independently from the west, cooperating with the National Army led by Haftar, which fights against Islamist terrorists.
Moscow has been providing support for the regulation of the crisis in Libya and has repeatedly said it was ready to cooperate with all the interested Libyan parties.
An escaped inmate is back in jail after leading Dallas authorities on a hunt for them -- and their accomplice is there now, too.
Scroll for more content...
The Dallas County Sheriff's Office says 28-year-old Daniel Brown was captured Sunday evening at a Motel 6 in Grand Prairie. They were with 28-year-old Dieasha Owens, a woman police believe helped them get free from the Dallas County Jail's Suzanne Kays Detention Facility, where they were imprisoned on multiple theft charges.
Brown was discovered missing Sunday morning during an inmate count. They were assigned to work in a kitchen area at the jail; detectives are reviewing security video and believe they may have escaped through a dock area.
Brown is now being charged with escape. They were being held in the jail after a March 2018 arrest on five charges of property theft.
Owens was also arrested at the motel and was booked into the Dallas County Jail Sunday evening with a $5,000 bond, facing a charge of facilitating escape of a correctional facility.
Red Bull Global Rallycross Lites frontrunner Conner Martell has announced that they will compete in the European-based RX2 championship this season.
The American has completed in Red Bull GRC for the last three seasons, taking five wins and finishing fourth in 2016 and 2017. This year they will take on a full RX2 campaign, as well as the pre-season RallyX on Ice series, driving for Sweden based Team Faren with support from leading American rally outfit Vermont SportsCar.
“The competition in the World RX and RallyX On Ice is going to be insane,” said Martell. “There are some really good drivers here which is exciting as it's only going to make me a better driver. I'm excited about the challenge and looking forward to this next step in my driving career.”
Martell's European career begins this weekend in Ostersund, Sweden – the first of just four events in five weekends on the RX on Ice schedule, where they will be racing alongside leading names from European and American rallycross, and the likes of reigning IndyCar champion Josef Newgarden, and Helio Castroneves. Their full RX2 campaign begins on April 14 at the World RX of Catalunya – Barcelona.
Martell's switch from American Lites competition to the equivalent European series follows a similar move for Tanner Whitten last year. Whitten finished fourth in last year's RX2 series, taking three podiums. They previously made 16 Red Bull GRC Lites starts, claiming two wins and a further four podiums.
FIRSCO, Texas (AP) - Roland Lamah scored two goals, Maximiliano Urruti added another and FC Dallas beat the 10-man Seattle Sounders 3-0 on Sunday.
Dallas (1-0-1) has lost just twice in its last 21 MLS home matches, going 11-2-8.
Lamah opened the scoring in the 20th minute. Mauro Diaz sent a well-placed through ball to Michael Barrios, who got past the defense to the corner of the 6-yard box and rolled it in front of the goal for an easy finish by Lamah.
Urruti made it 2-0 in the 58th minute by bending a shot around Stefan Frei on a breakaway shot from distance. Lamah chipped it over Frei five minutes later after a nice give-and-go with Anton Nedyalkov.
Seattle (0-2-0) was reduced to 10-men in the 37th minute after officials reviewed a video showing Clint Dempsey's elbow making contact with Jacori Hayes. Dempsey will be suspended for the Sounders' next MLS match against the Montreal Impact on Saturday, March 31.
Most of the so-called "white gold", which comes from elephant tusks, was seized by the authorities during auctions or online sales, but 100 of the 563 kilogrammes (1,241 pounds) crushed came from members of the public responding to IFAW's "ivory surrender" campaign.
France banned all sales of elephant ivory and rhinoceros horn in 2016.
"France is sending a strong signal to the world about combatting the illegal trade in endangered species," said Francoise Taheri, a senior official for the southern Alpes-Maritime region where Nice is situated.
The operation was the third of its kind in France in four years and brings the total amount of ivory destroyed to over a metric tonne.
The ivory trade has been banned worldwide since 1989 but the ban does not cover sales of ivory obtained before then.
More than 258,000 roadside alcohol breath tests were faked by Victoria Police officers in an apparent attempt to fool productivity checks.
An exhaustive audit by Professional Standards Command and statisticians was launched when claims officers were cheating the tests emerged late last year.
Officers were conning the tests by placing a finger over the straw entry hole or blowing into the straw themselves.
"The investigation, which analysed over five years of data, 1500 preliminary breath test devices and more than 17.7 million tests, disappointingly found 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified," Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said.
"I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
An external investigator will now be brought in to reveal why it happened.
"There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity," Mr Barrett said.
"Whatever reason our workforce may come up with, it isn't acceptable."
The main culprits were general duties and highway patrol officers, with some rural areas over-represented.
The practice was not found at supervised drug and alcohol bus test sites and there is no evidence at this stage to suggest fraud or any criminality had occurred, or prosecutions were risked, Mr Barrett said.
Statisticians had to look at complex algorithms together with considerations on the length of time it would take to administer one test and a succession of tests.
The external investigator will also look at underlying cultural and behavioural issues, supervision and management practices that let the fake tests go unchecked, and aggravating circumstances that may need further investigation.
Victoria Police is in discussions with the Independent Broad-based Anti-corruption Commission about the discovery.
A huge emergency services presence was seen in central Gloucester this evening after a garage fire in Arthur Street and unrelated reports of another fire at GL1 Leisure Centre.
Initial reports suggested someone was trapped in the garage fire, close to the takeaway Pizza Hut, but thankfully this turned out not to be the case, officers confirmed.
Fourteen 999 calls were made to report the Arthur Street fire at about 6.30pm, prompting three fire crews, police and ambulance services to head to the scene in large numbers.
At GL1, a separate report of a fire on the top floor was made at about the same time, but nothing was found when firefighters inspected the building.
Customers were evacuated as a precaution and were seen in the area immediately outside the centre in foil blankets.
A fire and rescue service spokesperson said the Arthur Street fire was under control by about 7.20pm and the site was being 'damped down' this evening.
As it happened below.
An internally displaced girl who fled Raqqa is pictured at a camp in Ain Issa, north of Raqqa, Syria, on Saturday (Reuters photo)
RAQQA, Syria — US-backed forces now have the Daesh terror group militants surrounded in central Raqqa, a Syrian Kurdish commander said, but they predicted that driving the militants out could take up to four months.
"We've cleared about half of Old Raqqa ... and we're advancing on all axes," said Haval Gabar, the 25-year-old commander from the Kurdish YPG militia who is directing the assault on Daesh's Syrian stronghold.
Units of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance dominated by the YPG, fully linked up in Raqqa's southern districts on Tuesday, encircling the militants in the city centre which includes the Old City.
"The day before yesterday there was still a small gap," Gabar said on Wednesday. "Yesterday it was closed. We are now pressing towards Mansour and Rashid districts."
From their command post, a former Syrian government police headquarters overlooking the Old City walls, Gabar hunched over maps and radioed orders to YPG units 400 metres ahead in the densely-built city centre.
As they spoke, the sound of machine gun fire barked over their walkie-talkie while air strikes staged by the US-led coalition slammed into targets nearby.
The SDF, backed by the air strikes and coalition special forces, have been fighting since June to clear Daesh from Raqqa city, its de facto Syrian capital. A separate campaign drove the group from its Iraqi stronghold of Mosul last month.
However, the multi-phased Raqqa offensive began already in November, capturing surrounding towns and villages, encircling the city and cutting off Daesh from the north, east and west.
But the advances are proceeding cautiously, officials say, as Daesh uses snipers, car bombs and booby traps, and forbids civilians to leave, prolonging the effort to flush the extremists out.
Initial predictions by the YPG that the Raqqa battle would be over in a matter of weeks were wrong.
"It could take another three to four months to finish Raqqa," Gabar said. The SDF was advancing steadily, but they added: "They've laid many mines, that's one of the biggest difficulties. As for car bombs, they don't use them every day, but if our forces are advancing down a street, then they deploy them."
As they spoke, a huge blast shook the building, and a plume of smoke rose from inside the Old City — a car bomb had been hit by an air strike.
The radio crackled with reports of SDF casualties. A medic working at the command post, who gave their name as Jiyan, did not give a figure for the number of wounded being brought in, but said it was lower than in some previous battles.
"There are not as many fighters being killed and wounded as last year in Manbij," they said, referring to the town northwest of Raqqa captured by the SDF last year.
Chechen snipers
SDF spokesperson Talal Selo said on Tuesday that mines were slowing movement even where Daesh had withdrawn.
"In the northern area there is no Daesh presence, but at the same time our forces are not getting closer in because Daesh has rigged these areas with enormous amounts of explosives and mines," they said.
The further forces advance into Raqqa, the tougher it has become, fighters in Gabar's unit and other SDF militias said. Militants from the Russian region of Chechnya were particularly deadly.
"There are many snipers. They're good, especially the Chechens," YPG fighter Adel, 20, said, pointing at small holes in the walls of the police headquarters that the militants had used to shoot from when they held the building.
Through large open windows in the command post, some barricaded with tables to shield the unit from sniper fire, the ancient mud-brick Old City walls were visible, including one point where the SDF breached them to get through.
Gabar said that despite resistance, several hundred militants had surrendered themselves, and estimates not more than 1,000 are left. They believe their morale "is zero".
"Maybe 600 Daesh have surrendered. It's mostly foreign fighters left in the city now. Those with families tend to be the ones to hand themselves over."
A handful of civilians has trickled out of the city each day, but most cannot leave. Up to 50,000 civilians are trapped inside, the United Nations says.
The US coalition and its allies say they take care to avoid civilian casualties, another reason for advancing cautiously. Many buildings around the command post were reduced to rubble.
The U.N. says coalition air strikes have killed at least 300 civilians in Raqqa since March.
The SDF are keen to finish the battle. "We'll be done soon," said a YPG fighter. "We kill 10 to 15 Daesh a day."
Blainville-Boisbriand's Alex Barre-Boulet was given a major penalty and game misconduct for checking from behind at 10:45 of the second period.
---
REMPARTS 3 MOOSEHEADS 2 (OT)
HALIFAX — Jesse Sutton scored the overtime winner as Quebec topped the Mooseheads
Olivier Mathieu and Louis-Filip Cote also scored for the Remparts (5-0-0).
Filip Zadina and Maxime Fortier found the back of the net for Halifax (4-1-1).
Dereck Baribeau made 31 saves for Quebec. Blade Mann-Dixon turned away 22 shots for the Mooseheads.
---
SEA DOGS 4 ISLANDERS 0
CHARLOTTETOWN — Cody Porter stopped all 28 shots they faced as Saint John shut out the Islanders.
Ostap Safin struck twice with Kevin Gursoy and Daniel Hardie also chipping in for the Sea Dogs (3-3-1).
Dakota Lund-Cornish stopped 29 shots for Charlottetown (1-5-0).
---
SAGUENEENS 4 TIGRES 0
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Zachary Bouthillier stopped 29 shots and Felix-Antoine Marcotty scored twice as the Sagueneens blanked Victoriaville.
Vladislav Kotkov supplied the game winning goal for Chicoutimi (1-3-1) at 10:18 of the first period and Jeremy Fortin had the other.
Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 29 saves for the Tigres (4-1-0).
---
OLYMPIQUES 7 CATARACTES 1
GATINEAU, Que. — Shawn Boudrias had two goals and two assists to lead the Olympiques past Shawinigan.
Mitchell Balmas, Mikhail Shestopalov, Vitalii Abramov, Gabriel Bilodeau and Will Thompson rounded out the attack for Gatineau (2-1-1).
Antoine Demers replied for the Cataractes (0-5-1).
Mathieu Bellemare turned aside 40 shots for the Olympiques. Mikhail Denisov combined with Mikhail Denisov for 22 saves for Shawinigan.
---
DRAKKAR 3 HUSKIES 2 (SO)
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Ivan Chekhovich scored the only goal in the shootout as Baie-Comeau got past the Huskies.
Gabriel Fortier and Jordan Martel had goals in regulation for the Drakkar (3-3-0). Antoine Samuel made 40 saves for the win in net.
Mathieu Boucher and William Cyr found the back of the net for Rouyn-Noranda (4-1-1). Samuel Harvey turned aside 25 shots.
By The Canadian Press
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) – Chiefs linebacker Derrick Johnson expects to be back by training camp after tearing their Achilles tendon late last year and missing the end of the regular season and playoffs.
The four-time Pro Bowl linebacker ruptured their right Achilles tendon in a game against Oakland. It was the opposite tendon from the one they tore in 2014, missing almost the entire season.
Johnson said that rehab has been going well and they expect to be “100 percent” when the Chiefs convene at Missouri Western for training camp in late July. But they don't want to put a date on their return, and it is possible he'll miss the entire offseason program, which officially began on Monday.
Chiefs coach Andy Reid likewise was optimistic Johnson will be ready for next season.
Dying Carl talks about Lori's last moments in 'Walking Dead' Season 8B trailer
1 hour ago ago
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- AMC has released a trailer for the second half of the eighth season of "The Walking Dead," which is to kick off on Feb. 25.
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," they say.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. Their company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is their biggest customer by far.
From their home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations their company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in their office, watching the electrician do the installation. They ran out, moved their electric car, plugged in and charged their car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. They were 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though they developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
In 2000, they received Indiana's prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash distinction.
Bock is survived by a brother, Bob, and a sister, Marianne.
___
More AP auto racing: www.racing.ap.org
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. They report on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Mo Farah's aura of invincibility after six years of unrelenting success was finally cracked in their very last major track race on Saturday as they lost their world 5,000 metres title to Ethiopia's Muktar Edris.
Seeking a fitting end to their matchless long-distance racing career before moving to marathon running, the 34-year-old Briton's bid for a fifth straight global 10,000/5,000m double was scuppered as they had to settle for the silver.
In a thrilling finale, Farah looked to be completely outgunned by three rivals only to fight back and snatch second place behind Edris, who clocked 13 minutes 32.79 seconds after a searing final lap.
In the dying metres, Farah shot down the inside to overhaul American Paul Chelimo and clock 13:33.22.
Kenyan-born Chelimo took the bronze in 13:33.30 while Farah's late burst also consigned another Ethiopian Yomif Kejelcha to fourth place in 13:33.51.
Just as five years ago when they completed the first of their two Olympic distance doubles on the second Saturday of the programme to deafening acclaim in the same stadium, a 55,000 crowd roared on the home hero.
Yet there was only disappointment as, just like the anti-climax of Usain Bolt winning bronze in the 100 metres the previous weekend, Farah's farewell just fell short of the dream finale. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
× San Diego County average gas price highest since September 2015
SAN DIEGO – The average price of a gallon of self-serve regular gasoline in San Diego County rose six-tenths of a cent Saturday to $3.41, its highest amount since September 2015.
The average price has risen 19 consecutive days, increasing 19.8 cents, including 1.7 cents on Friday, according to figures from the AAA and Oil Price Information Service. It is 9.5 cents more than one week ago, 28.3 cents higher than one month ago and 53.4 cents greater than one year ago.
The average price has risen 28.8 cents since the start of the year.
“Oil industry analysts reported this week that part of the price surge includes the higher costs of producing the summer blend of gasoline, even though that blend is not required for use in California gas pumps for two more months,” said Jeffrey Spring, the Automobile Club of Southern California's corporate communications manager.
“The California Energy Commission also reports this week that the state's gasoline production has dropped by about 12 percent in the last two weeks as refinery maintenance season begins. Along with higher oil costs, these factors are pushing up gas prices and prompting more investment in California gasoline futures, which further increases prices.”
CAIRO (AP) - Sudan's official news agency says archeologists have reopened burial chambers in an ancient pyramid north of the capital, Khartoum.
SUNA says Tuesday the chambers are located at a depth of 10 meters (about 33 feet) under a pyramid in the Meroe area. The UNESCO world heritage site is home to pyramids ranging from six meters (20 feet) to 30 meters (100 feet) tall.
It says archeologists from a Qatari mission discovered artifacts, including human and animal bones, inside the chambers.
The pyramids, with narrow bases and steep angles on the sides, were built by the ancient Nubian civilization between 720 and 300 B.C.
Qatar has pledged $135 million to renovate and support Sudan's antiquities.
Ronnie Williams, Hope Ferguson, volunteer Susan Harris, Sa'Mya Wynn, and Tamia Hudson get ingredients ready for Chicken Tikka Masala during week 7 of the Spring 2018 My Daughter's Kitchen cooking program at Sacred Heart.
Sacred Heart students Hope Ferguson, Elijah Fooks, Tamia Hudson, Ronnie Williams and Sa'Mya Wynn were enthused to experiment with Indian cuisine. Sa'Mya, the future surgeon, quickly cleaned and cut the chicken, Tamia carefully whipped up the marinade, and Hope, Elijah and Ronnie handled the rest of the chopping and mixing like pros. As usual, Hope entertained us with their favorite songs. Chicken Tikka Masala was a winner!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Will Bunch has worked at the Daily News for 20-plus years and is now senior writer. Since 2005, he's written the uber-opinionated, fair-but-dangerously unbalanced opinion blog "Attytood," covering a range of topics (but mostly politics and the media these days); it's been named best blog in the state by the Associated Press Managing Editors and best blog in the city by Philadelphia Magazine. He's also authored three full-length books and three Amazon Kindle Single e-books, including 2015's The Bern Identity: A Search for Bernie Sanders and the New American Dream. Prior to coming to Philadelphia, they worked at New York Newsday, where they were part of a team that won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for spot news reporting.
A girl looks at Facebook on their computer in Palo Alto, Calif., in a 2012 file photo. This weekend, Facebook banned the high-profile data firm Cambridge Analytica — paid more than $6 million by President Trump's 2016 campaign — after a joint New York Times/Guardian probe revealed the improper harvesting of data from an estimated 50 million users of the platform.
“It's like Nixon on steroids.”
— Christopher Wylie, 28-year-old whistleblower, on how the shadowy data firm Cambridge Analytica used fraudulently obtained information from Facebook to launch a psy-ops campaign targeting 50 million American voters
Nixon on steroids, indeed. In 1972, the 37th president's dirty tricksters got caught in the Watergate with some Radio Shack-style gizmos and some badly applied duct tape trying to bug the Democratic Party's headquarters so they could try to steal the words of one man, party chief Larry O'Brien. That act — and the various cover-ups and sleazy maneuvers that surrounded it — cost Richard Nixon their presidency.
In 2016, Donald Trump's presidential campaign paid roughly $6 million to a firm founded by a hedge-fund billionaire supporter that used 21st-century technology, subterfuge and out-and-out fraud to essentially steal the thoughts of 50 million Americans — quite possibly you, or your friends and neighbors — to launch a psy-ops campaign against voters, to put Trump in the White House. In other words, multiply Watergate to at least the 10th power.
You might have heard this weekend that Facebook — from whom the data was obtained and where much of the ensuing psychological warfare took place in the summer and fall of 2016 — has now banned the firm, Cambridge Analytica. It was not a bold move by Mark Zuckerberg's social media behemoth but a cowardly one, taken just minutes before some stellar reporting by the Guardian's Carole Cadwalladr and journalists from the New York Times jointly exposed the hijacking of the data and, arguably, the theft of an American presidential election. Facebook's too-little-too-late action was the ultimate closing of the barn door after the horse has already bolted — the horse being American democracy.
The basics of the story are this: In 2013-14, the young firm called Cambridge Analytica had backing from the right-wing billionaire, Robert Mercer; a rising political force in its association with the Breitbart News impresario Steve Bannon; a bold mission to, in the words of one former employee, “fight a culture war in America” and a scheme to use state-of-the-art Big Data and psychological profiling to win elections with modern propaganda.
What CA lacked, however, was the data the pull this off. That's when what Facebook's top lawyer has now acknowledged was “a scam — and a fraud” came into play. Wylie — the young political data maven now turned whistleblower — and the team assembled by Mercer and Bannon turned to experts in “psychometrics” at Britain's Cambridge University; there, a Russian American (heh … a bit more on that later) professor named Aleksandr Kogan was hired for $800,000. Kogan reportedly then lied to Facebook about their real project — a personality quiz and an app that 270,000 people consented to but which allowed the firm to pull Facebook “likes” and other personal info from 50 million unsuspecting Americans. (The company also seems to have lied to Facebook about later destroying the data.)
According to the newspapers, Cambridge Analytica ultimately created about 30 million usable profiles for voters — who were then targeted in the 2016 election with the kind of psychological warfare that the Pentagon has honed for decades to use on our enemies.
In 2016, the enemy was us.
Indeed, Wylie noted that Cambridge Analytica emerged from a defense contractor called SCL and what it began to market in the mid-2000s was “cyber warfare for elections.” The Mercer-and-Bannon-backed CA was initially hired to work for GOP Sen. Ted Cruz in 2016 — Mercer's initial horse in the race — but the team had switched by summer 2016 to party nominee Trump, which then paid the firm about $6 million.
What does political cyber warfare look like? As you might imagine, pretty ugly. In an election where most voters' preferences are deeply rooted, a campaign like the one engineered by Cambridge Analytica tried to tap into the psychology of the voters who could most easily be peeled away from Trump's opponent Hillary Clinton — young people who might be convinced to vote third-party, or blacks who'd been enthusiastic about Barack Obama but could be discouraged from showing up in 2016. Data seemingly as trivial as what sneakers or candy bars you like helped develop profiles of the persuadable.
So-called dark posts reminded African American voters about Clinton's infamous 1990s comment about young blacks whom they labeled “super-predators,” while in specific neighborhoods like Miami's Little Haiti there were messages linking the Clinton Foundation to post-earthquake problems in Haiti. It's impossible to know how well these “dark posts” worked but the objectives were certainly achieved. A recent major study by a team of political scientists found that a whopping four million 2012 Obama voters, many of them nonwhites, sat out 2012 and many others voted for third-party candidates like Jill Stein of the Green Party, which is what Team Trump and their hired guns at CA wanted them to do. At Trump's post-election rally in Hershey in December 2016, the then-president-elect bluntly noted that blacks “didn't come out…So thank you to the African American community.”
There are three big takeaways here. The first one goes well beyond Trump's election as president. Folks have been warning about this for years, but clearly we have created something of a monster in the rise of social media. Make no mistake: There are many positives you can attribute to sites like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram: reconnecting with friends from yesteryear, getting information about news or sports in real time, or launching powerful social movements. But at the end of the day, a capitalist company such as Facebook and its billionaire founder Zuckerberg have gotten rich by exploiting the essence of our humanity — our friendships and even our personalities — for profit. The Trump-Cambridge Analytica scandal is a two-lane highway to hell — your intimate personal data flowing north to shady operators, then flowing back south as divisive negative politics or even “fake news.” That's an existential threat not just to democracy but to a broader civil society.
More narrowly, the new disclosures should renew serious questions about collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. The dual allegiances of the Russian American middleman Kogan — who before hooking up with CA performed at least one research project for the Russian government — should raise eyebrows; so should a CA presentation on its American election work given to top executives of the Russian oil giant Lukoil, which (like most successful Russian businesses) has close ties to its country's leader, Vladimir Putin. Special counsel Robert Mueller has already indicted 13 Russians and a St. Petersburg-based “troll farm” for targeting Americans with bitter messages on Facebook in a way that dovetails with and amplifies exactly what CA was trying to accomplish. Coincidence? Or collusion? That's a question for Mueller and their team that arguably ranks second in stature behind only: What did the president know and when did they know it?
Speaking of Trump, the CA shenanigans arguably mark the third episode in which dirty tricks or old-fashioned fraud can be tied in some way to their victory. In addition to hijacking the Facebook data, you have the Russian-hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and top Clinton aides — the computer-era equivalent of Team Nixon's Watergate break-in — and the strange affair with FBI leaks about a last-minute (but nothingburger) probe of Clinton's email. Combined, these immoral and unfair stunts surely swung the votes that tipped those three or four crucial states on Nov. 8, 2016. Look, we can concede that most of the 62 million Americans who voted for Trump did so for reasons that — whatever what we think of them — did not involve fraud. But elections are stolen on the margins, and Team Trump has just been caught with its lock-picking tools and its duct tape.
This weekend, just as the Guardian/Times scoop was hitting the fan, Trump and their minions went on something of a bender. Their administration almost simultaneously stole the headlines away from the Facebook/CA affair by firing deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe for reasons that are still murky but in a manner that had the grace of a mob hit. Then Trump took to Twitter for some of their most frantic tweets ever about the Russia investigation, going after Mueller for the first time by name just hours after their attorney called for an end to the probe. It reeked of great fear — and that fear is justified. Nixon was taken down by following the money, but “Nixon on steroids” will fall by following the data.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Two film industry leaders told theater owners Tuesday that are optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business despite concerns about declining attendance and competition from streaming services.
New MPPA chief Charles Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners, delivered a state of the industry speech at CinemaCon, saying the strength of the movies being released will dictate box-office sales.
"Our business rises or falls on the movies in our cinemas," Fithian said.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theater owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
Rivkin, who recently took over the position at the MPAA from Christopher Dodd, said that 263 million people went to the movies at least once in North America in 2017 - more than three quarters of the North American population. They noted that while the box office was slightly down from the record in 2016, it was on par with the 2015 record. They say they believe the market will always move between record-high or near record years.
They also stressed that they would continue to fight to protect intellectual property with anti-piracy efforts. Film and television account for $16.5 billion in exports, they said, and that the industry supports 2.1 million jobs and $139 billion in wages every year.
Rivkin was previously the president and CEO of The Jim Henson Company and also served as the U.S. Ambassador to France and as Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs.
"Let's always deliver on the promise of our creative industry: high quality stories that speak to the hopes and dreams of our audience, and will continue to do so for generations to come," Rivkin said.
Fithian also applauded filmmakers and distributors for "taking significant steps to achieve more diversity and positive representation on the big screen," which they say their consumers are "demanding."
"We are optimistic that 2017 and 2018 will one day be viewed as a turning point on this front," Fithian said.
Fithian also spoke to some of the major fears of the movie business and said that younger audiences are still passionate moviegoers. According to comScore, moviegoers ages 18-44 constituted 63% of the total box office in 2017_up from 61% in 2016. Fithian said that disruption, whether it's streaming or shortened periods where films are show exclusively in theaters, will not kill the theatrical business.
They wondered if "Black Panther," ''Get Out" or "Wonder Woman" would have been cultural landmarks had they gone straight to streaming.
"I have worked with (theater owners) for 26 years. I can't begin to tell you how often reporters have asked me if the movie theater industry is dying. Every downturn in admissions is a sign of secular decline, every innovation or improvement is intended to 'save' the movie theater business," they said. "There has been a lot of hype about the next 'disruption,'" they said, listing off advancements ranging from VHS to the advent of films releasing in theaters and home services the same day. "Yet we never die but remain a strong business in the face of disruption everywhere else in the entertainment landscape."
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
FAR HILLS, N.J. (AP) - Two-time champion Karrie Webb has received a special exemption to the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek in Alabama.
Webb won consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles by a combined 13 shots when they were at the top of their game. They beat Cristie Kerr and Meg Mallon by five shots at The Merit Club outside Chicago in 2000 and Se Ri Pak by eight shots at Pine Needles in North Carolina a year later.
The U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek starts May 31.
Webb received a 10-year exemption for their 2001 victory, and they have remained exempt through other categories every year since then.
The Australian is the first player to receive a special exemption to the Women's Open since Pak in 2016 at CordeValle.
Up-and-coming Fremantle midfielder Ed Langdon has declared they want to be a “one-club player”, believing that Fremantle is starting to move beyond a rebuild phase.
Langdon, 22, will play their 29th game on Sunday in the first Western Derby at Optus Stadium and is becoming a key player because of their relentless midfield run.  They are averaging 21 disposals per game this year and has three goals from their four games.
“I would love to be a one club player. After four years I have really started to establish myself at the club and I love the direction at the club at the moment I think we are definitely on the right track,” they said this morning.
“It has been reported that we are under rebuild. I think we are starting to move beyond that rebuild and starting to put some performances together.”
Langdon steered clear of any Ross Glendinning Medal controversy when they spoke at Cockburn. They said the club's position on the medal was a board level discussion.
“This will be my third or fourth derby and the first one at the new stadium so we will certainly be looking to get the win this week,” they said.
“We try and attack every game like we do every week. It is a great game for the state and all WA football fans. Hopefully we can put on a show.
Camera Icon Ed Langdon has been important for Fremantle in recent weeks. Picture: Getty Images
“Everyone is excited about playing in the derby. We have got a lot of young players. There will be four or five who it will be their first derby. It is really exciting for the club.
“The club has made their position pretty evident. It is at board level and the players don't have a whole lot to do with that.”
Glendinning was a “Brownlow Medallist, obviously a great WA player”, they said.
Asked if they would like a Fremantle name alongside Glendinning's on a medal presented for the best player in the derby Langdon said: “That would be ideal.
“That is obviously the discussion between the two clubs. But we are in the first derby at Optus Stadium that will be special enough come Sunday I would have thought.
“There are so many individual accolades anyway I think and as I said winning the first derby at Optus Stadium would be pretty special for anyone involved.”
About 50 elementary school students at Orange Grove elementary in Gulfport learned all about the world of finance on Thursday.
Monday's horrible van attack in Toronto prompts a desperate, natural search for meaning. Was the assault that killed 10 and wounded 15 an act of terrorism? Was it misogyny-driven murder? Was it premeditated? Or did something suddenly snap in the driver's mind? It will be a long time before these questions are properly answered.
But here's some meaning we can take away now:
• Police, when acting at their best, are incredibly brave. Toronto Const. Ken Lam, who brought down Alek Minassian, did not know what they were facing as they approached the 25-year-old suspect. Yet they kept their cool, and the arrest was peaceful – astonishing given the carnage that had just preceded it. This officer is a credit to law enforcement.
• Torontonians can be tremendously and instinctively considerate of each other. People in the area tried to warn others as the van veered and careened toward its pedestrian victims. Many rushed to offer what help and comfort they could to the wounded. Later, strangers came to pay tribute, leaving flowers and other small comforts near the scene.
• Toronto, like much of Canada, is a truly diverse society. The names of the 15 wounded speak to the sprawling ethnic and religious makeup of a multicultural nation. Witnesses interviewed by journalists were of all demographic backgrounds. Messages of condolence were in several languages. Within hours, the Muslim-Canadian group that raised money last year to help victims of the Quebec City mosque attack launched a GoFundMe campaign to help Monday's victims. Whatever their differences of creed or origin, Canadians supported each other. They have come together in mourning, rather than dividing into pillars of paranoia.
• Everyone feels touched by the tragedy. While the rest of Canada often disses Toronto for thinking itself “the centre of the universe,” the country feels that city's pain. Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson, like many of their counterparts nationwide, ordered the flags at city hall lowered. Alberta Premier Rachel Notley tweeted, “My heart breaks for the victims and their families and my thoughts are with everyone connected to the city of Toronto.” Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson said their city “stands with the people of Toronto.”
As of this writing, evidence that this attack was terrorism is thin – at least in the Criminal Code definition of terrorism as politically or religiously motivated. Many will still see it as that, since vehicles have been used in a number of bloody, politically motivated attacks globally. But Canadians, as a whole, are not prone to kneejerk conclusions; we will find out more about why this attack happened in the weeks to come.
Often, in the internet's fever swamps, quick labels are slapped on people or incidents. Laudably, Canada's political leaders – even those facing re-election campaigns – have mostly avoided exploiting this tendency. If that seems a small thing, think about how the political twitterverse would be treating the attack had it occurred in the United States.
In the coming days, we will learn more about the people struck down by the attacker. As their friends and families mourn, so will we all. We will feel they were members of our own families, for surely they were: people like us, working or strolling or enjoying the spring sunshine. They were killed by someone who – so far – appears to be a sad, lonely man, not square with the world. Explanations of their motives, crucial to understand, will be provided later.
A few months ago, we started a piece on 'Milestone Music Moments' - the songs that bring you right back to a very specific time in your life - first love, exams, moving out of home, nights out, going to college, bad jobs, good jobs, falling in love, falling out of love, weddings & babies.
This week's Milestone Moment came from Joan Evans and takes them back to 2012, where them and husband Bill had this song for the first dance at their wedding. It had to be played through the speakers as the band couldn't hit the high notes...
Listen back to their story here:
If you've got a story of your own, please do get in touch. We'd love to hear from you. Email us on breakfast@todayfm.com
Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center
High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target
0:49
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CARROLLTON - Take a good look at your screen. Carrollton police are looking for this man; their name is Danny Aragon Marquez.
Marquez is wanted for the murder of a man who was found dead on Crockett Drive Tuesday morning. Police say is armed and dangerous.
They say they are driving a red Honda Accord with Texas disability license plates 4NVKK.
If you have any information, you're asked to reach out to the Carrollton Police Department.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas: A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesperson David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
advertisement
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of their 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller they met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold them the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
MONDAY, April 23, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- There's new evidence that even moderate amounts of caffeine consumed by a mom-to-be might affect their child's weight years later.
The overall effect was small -- an average of an extra pound by age 8. But children of women who consumed the most caffeine during pregnancy were 66 percent more likely to be slightly overweight, researchers found.
"The results support the current recommendations to limit caffeine intake during pregnancy to less than 200 milligrams [mg] of caffeine per day, which is approximately two to three cups of black coffee," said lead researcher Eleni Papadopoulou.  They are from the department of environmental exposure and epidemiology at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health in Oslo.
"However, we found associations with caffeine intake also with intake below 200 mg," they said.
Although this study cannot prove that caffeine itself causes kids to gain excess weight, it begs the question whether women should avoid caffeine altogether during pregnancy, Papadopoulou pointed out.
It is important that pregnant women be aware that caffeine does not come from coffee only, but also from sodas and energy drinks, which can contribute a lot of caffeine to daily consumption, they said.
And one expert noted that caffeine itself may not be the culprit, since many of the women in the study consumed it by drinking sodas and eating candy.
"Our study does not have the right design to draw conclusions on a safe threshold of caffeine intake during pregnancy," Papadopoulou said. "But we add to the growing body of evidence indicating that complete avoidance of caffeine during pregnancy might be advisable."
In the study of nearly 51,000 women and their babies, average caffeine consumption during pregnancy was tied to a 15 percent higher risk of a child gaining excess weight. High caffeine consumption was linked to a 30 percent higher risk, the researchers found.
And prenatal exposure to any level of caffeine was associated with a child's greater risk of being overweight at ages 3 and 5 years.
This excess weight gain lasted only for 8-year-olds whose mothers consumed very high levels of caffeine during pregnancy.
Very high levels of caffeine consumption during pregnancy were linked with less than a pound of excess weight up to age 5, but slightly over a pound by age 8, the researchers reported.
"Maternal caffeine intake may modify the overall weight growth trajectory of the child from birth to 8 years," the researchers wrote.
"The results add supporting evidence for the current advice to reduce caffeine intake during pregnancy and indicate that complete avoidance might actually be advisable," the study authors concluded.
For the study, Papadopoulou's team asked women who had been pregnant for 22 weeks how much caffeine they consumed.
Sources of caffeine included coffee, black tea, caffeinated sodas and energy drinks, chocolate, chocolate milk, sandwich spreads, desserts, cakes and candy.
The women were grouped by the amount of caffeine they consumed daily: 0 to 49 mg was considered low; 50 to 199 mg was average; 200 to 299 mg was high; and 300 mg or more was considered very high.
The researchers kept track of the children's weight, height and body length up to age 8.
Among the women, 46 percent were classified as low caffeine users, 44 percent as average, 7 percent as high and 3 percent as very high.
Women who consumed high amounts of caffeine were more likely to be older than 30, have more than one child, consume more calories and smoke during pregnancy, the findings showed.
In addition, women with a very high caffeine intake were more likely to be poorly educated and have been obese before pregnancy, the investigators found.
Dr. Mitchell Roslin, chief of obesity surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City, disagreed that caffeine is the reason for the weight gain seen among the children in the study.
"It's likely that caffeine is not good for you, especially in high doses," they said.
"But the effect of caffeine seen in this study is more likely due to what the caffeine is in, rather than a result of caffeine itself," Roslin suggested.
Much of the caffeine women consumed came from sugar-sweetened drinks and candy, they noted.
"If you can't separate the caffeine from the sugar, it's hard to prove that it's the caffeine that's the problem," Roslin explained.
"My guess is that if they did the same study with black coffee, where sugar had been eliminated, the results would not be the same," Roslin said.
The report was published online April 23 in the journal BMJ Open.
More information
For more on caffeine and pregnancy, visit the March of Dimes.
SOURCES: Eleni Papadopoulou, Ph.D. researcher, department of environmental exposures and epidemiology, Norwegian Institute of Public Health, Oslo; Mitchell Roslin, M.D., chief, obesity surgery, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York City; April 23, 2018, BMJ Open, online Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ARMY FOOTBALL BIO
Considered one of the top defensive recruits for Army's 2018 class.…received a 3-star ranking by Rivals…He attended the New Orleans camp,” shared Rivals Analyst, Nick Krueger, who shared that Leomiti has plenty of upsides and is a great pick-up by the Army Black Knights. “He's not super skilled at the moment ... technique-wise, but he's like a big Samoan dude that can be a monster.” Leomiti's first stop will be the USMAPS.
What was the most memorable moment of your high school career?
The most memorable moment was when I first moved to Calallen High School (from Long Beach ,CA)in the beginning of my junior year. My first year of Texas HS Football. That first year we made it to the 5A State Finals for the second time in school history and came up short 24-16 making it a memorable season gaining a family and forming a brotherhood with my teammates.
What college or NFL player do you try to model your game after?
This season I have been keeping a close eye on Vita Vea of Washington. Their size contributes greatly to their quickness. I try to be swift as them while carrying the weight that i have on my body.
Who has helped you the most in your development as a football player?
My older brother KC. As the first born of my family they were raised without an older brother to rely on. As a football player they played with kids twice their age which made them stronger as a team player. They gave me tips on how to be physical on the field and would tell me “there are no friends on the field”. They taught me to play mad, but smart at the same time. Without their pressure on me I wouldn't be where I am. I would be big for nothing if it wasn't for him.
What was your favorite part of the recruiting process?
My favorite part was the hospitality given to me and my family. It has showed me that this is where school and football will get me in life. Especially the opportunity of a lifetime from Army which is hard not to choose.
What was the craziest thing a coach said to you?
I can't say any names but they specifically told me during a. talk with them in their office they said “we don't really recruit in your area” (South Texas).
What shocked you most in the process?
The most shocking thing i realized is the choice I make will affect my future and I had to choose the best choice which was Army. Bring away from home is as shocking as it gets but for it is a period of growth and experience of the real world
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Supreme Court is rejecting a challenge to Arizona's death penalty law.
The justices on Monday let stand the convictions and death sentences of Abel Daniel Hidalgo. He's in a federal prison in Arizona serving life sentences for two other killings committed on an Indian reservation in Idaho.
Hidalgo says the law doesn't sufficiently narrow eligibility for a death sentence.
Arizona law includes 14 aggravating circumstances that prosecutors can put forward to justify a death sentence. Jurors then deliberate between a sentence of death or life in prison.
The court's four more liberal justices say they would be willing to take up the issue Hidalgo raised but in a different case in which lower courts could more thoroughly explore it first.
COLUMBUS – The Mississinawa Valley baseball team is ranked 14th in Division IV in the Ohio High School Baseball Coaches Association's first state poll of the 2018 season.
Mississinawa Valley is ranked behind Toronto, Whiteoak, Lincolnview, Lake Ridge Academy, St. Henry, Minster, Seneca East, Carey, Lima Central Catholic, St. Paul, Clay, New Bremen and Hicksville in this week's Division IV state rankings. The Blackhawks' highest ranking was a fifth-place vote.
Mississinawa Valley is the lone Darke County baseball team ranked in this week's OHSBCA state poll.
Other teams with Darke County connections ranked in this week's state poll include Greater Western Ohio Conference member Springboro in ranked eighth in Division I, GWOC member Xenia is ranked 16th in Division I, GWOC member Troy is ranked 18th in Division I, GWOC member Tippecanoe is ranked first in Division II, Midwest Athletic Conference member Coldwater is ranked third in Division III, MAC member Fort Recovery is ranked seventh in Division III, MAC member St. Henry is ranked fifth in Division IV, MAC member Minster is ranked sixth in Division IV, MAC member New Bremen is ranked 12th in Division IV, and Cross County Conference member Newton is ranked 15th in Division IV.
For more information on the OHSBCA and its poll, visit its website at www.ohsbca.org.
OHSBCA state rankings
Division I
Rank School Points Record
1. Mason 267 13-3
2. Walsh Jesuit 221 11-1
3. Elder 174 11-2
4. Jackson (Mass.) 155 10-3
5. Archbishop Moeller 144 9-4
6. Grove City 123 10-2
7. Olentangy Liberty 114 11-2
8. Springboro 100 11-2
9. Steele 98 13-3
10. Olentangy (Lewis Cntr) 67 11-3
11. Solon 56 7-1
12. Hilliard Davidson 49 10-2
13. Anthony Wayne 24 11-2
14. Lakota East 21 10-3
15. Sylvania Northview 15 9-2
16. Xenia 13 11-2
17. St Ignatius 11 6-3
18. Troy 8 9-3
19. Big Walnut 7 8-6
19. Madison 7 12-3
Other teams receiving votes (points): St John'S Jesuit (6), Worthington Kilbourne (5), Avon Lake (4), Washington (4), Badin (Hamilton) (4), Hilliard Darby (2), Pickerington Central (1), St Francis de Sales (Tol) (1), Elyria (1)
Division II
Rank School Points Record
1. Tippecanoe 230 13-1
2. Wapakoneta 225 7-0
3. Defiance 216 8-0
4. Chardon 170 10-1
5. Bellevue 160 11-1
6. West Branch 103 9-1
7. Unioto 87 12-2
8. Zane Trace 81 11-2
9. Jonathan Alder 54 9-3
10. Steubenville 41 8-2
11. Summit Country Day 36 9-4
12. Chagrin Falls 35 9-4
13. Louisville 33 9-3
14. St Francis DeSales (Col.) 31 12-5
15. Lexington 18 9-1
16. Miami Trace 16 10-2
17. Ross (Hamilton) 15 14-1
17. Bloom-Carroll 15 13-2
17. Firelands 15 10-3
20. Vermilion 12 13-5
Other teams receiving votes (points): Lakewood (Hebron) (10), Tallmadge (8), Aurora (8), Waverly (7), Sheridan (6), St Vincent-St Mary (4), Chaminade Julienne (4), Bishop Fenwick (3), John Glenn (3), Girard (2), Howland (1), Indian Valley (1)
Division III
Rank School Points Record
1. West Jefferson 219 14-0
2. Crestwood 189 10-0
3. Coldwater 158 8-1
4. Archbold 156 9-0
5. Champion 118 5-1
6. Barnesville 108 11-1
7. Fort Recovery 69 11-3
8. Elyria Catholic 64 8-2
9. East Knox 60 12-0
10. Sandy Valley 54 9-1
11. Fredericktown 43 7-1
12. Crooksville 33 9-2
13. Minford 29 13-1
14. Cincinnati Country Day 28 7-0
14. South Point 28 9-1
16. Waynedale 26 8-3
16. Galion 26 7-1
18. Newark Catholic 21 8-5
19. Hillsdale 18 8-2
20. Wheelersburg 15 10-3
20. Edison(Richmond) 15 7-2
Other teams receiving votes (points): Adena (13), Anna (11), Hiland (10), Tinora (8), Grand Valley (8), West Union (5), Canton Central Catholic (3), Edison (Milan) (3), Paint Valley (1), Eastwood (1)
Division IV
Rank School Points Record
1. Toronto 230 11-2
2. Whiteoak 208 14-0
3. Lincolnview 195 9-0
4. Lake Ridge Academy 158 7-0
5. St Henry 113 7-3
6. Minster 107 8-2
7. Seneca East 103 10-2
8. Carey 94 8-0
9. Lima Central Catholic 65 7-2
10. St Paul 55 10-2
11. Clay 54 12-3
12. New Bremen 41 9-3
13. Hicksville 26 5-1
14. Mississinawa Valley 23 7-1
15. Newton Local 20 7-1
16. Berne Union 12 11-3
17. Western Reserve 10 6-2
18. Fort Loramie 6 6-2
18. Trinity Hs 6 7-1
20. Fisher Catholic 4
Other teams receiving votes (points): Conotton Valley (3), Grove City Christian (3), Kalida (2), Green (2)
Mississinawa Valley's Ethan Bowman fields a grounder during a Cross County Conference baseball game against Franklin Monroe on Saturday in Union City. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Ethan-Bowman-WEB.jpg Mississinawa Valley's Ethan Bowman fields a grounder during a Cross County Conference baseball game against Franklin Monroe on Saturday in Union City. Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marks found on Gloucester baby Ah'Kiell Walker's body suggested they might have been sexually abused before they died, a court has heard.
The view about what might have happened to the three-month-old before they died in hospital on July 31 2016, came at the trial of their mother and father in Bristol Crown Court.
Hannah Henry, 22, of Archdeacon Street, Gloucester and Alistair Walker, 27, of Sheldon Court, London deny manslaughter, causing or allowing the death of Ah'Kiell Walker and cruelty to a person under 16.
Their trial is in its third week and today the jury heard details of a report from Dr Woodbridge, a paediatrician at Southmead Hospital.
It was presented to Walker by police in the third of four recorded interviews they had with him, which was shown to the jury.
Dr Woodbridge said in the report there were abrasions on the baby's genital area and their bottom.
“I would not expect to find those abrasions on a baby of this age," they said.
"I would not expect any normal nappy change to cause those injuries.
"I therefore think it's possible that the baby had been sexually abused.”
Walker told the police: “Now you're talking crazy.”
The officers continued, saying Dr Woodbridge found Ah'Kiell's injuries to be “highly suspicious”.
They said that even if a cotton bud had been used to help Ah'Kiell go to the toilet, as Walker had said was the case, they would not have expected to find the marks.
In response Walker said they had used their fingers and thumbs on their son's bottom to try to help them to go to toilet.
Responding to the suggestion of possible sexual abuse, they said: “It's all making it sound dodgy.
"They're making up stories. Where do we stand? It's bollocks man.”
Earlier the court heard, through another police interview with Walker, what they said happened before paramedics were called to the incident that preceded Ah'Kiell's death.
They described how they found the baby to be “pale” and “limp”.
Then when they saw a small amount of blood coming from their son's nostril, they panicked and wondered if they were dying.
Walker said they did two or three CPR compressions on their chest and sucked some of Ah'Kiell's blood up with their mouth, before paramedics arrived and took over.
They said: “Because they looked pale, I picked them up and they were limp. I said ‘Ah'Kiell, Ah'Kiell, wake up'.
“I said to Hannah ‘He's not breathing.'
“Frothy blood was coming from their nose. I started panicking and called the ambulance.”
The court was shown another police interview with Walker, this time after Ah'Kiell had died.
Officers asked them if something had gone wrong when Henry had washed Ah'Kiell in the bath. They asked them why paramedics found Ah'Kiell couldn't breathe because their lungs were full of water.
Walker said they did not know, suggesting that it might have been water that they had drunk.
They seemed agitated, claiming the paramedics made their son's condition worse and being unhappy with the police for implying they and Henry had caused Ah'Kiell's death.
The jury watched the fourth and final police interview with Walker.
They told them there had been a row between them and Henry that led to the police being called but they said officers left after checking that everything was okay.
Asked if there had been violence in the relationship, they said it had been nothing more than them punching a door or a wall.
Asked again why they and Henry had not taken Ah'Kiell to see a doctor over their constipation, they said: “Some of the remedies did work...we weren't that worried.”
They added they and Henry didn't trust Gloucestershire doctors and feared the authorities wanted to take children away from their parents in the county.
The court watched short video clips of Ah'Kiell, taken from the mobile phones of Walker and Henry after they were seized by the police.
Henry, watching on from the dock, appeared to be crying when some of the footage was shown.
It included the baby trying to crawl, smiling and being shown a toy.
Today's session ended with an officer in the case, DC Sophie Ferguson, being cross-examined by Henry and Walker's legal representatives.
DC Ferguson conceded internet searches about a baby's broken ribs had been found on Walker's mobile phone and not Henry's as had been previously stated.
The trial continues.
(Updates with presentation by CEO Jan Erik Kjerpeseth)
May 3 Sparebanken Vest:
* Q1 pre-tax profit NOK 432 million (Reuters poll NOK 379 million) vs NOK 322 mln in Q1 2016
* Q1 net interest income NOK 610 million (Reuters poll NOK 606 million) vs NOK 609 mln in Q1 2016
* Q1 loan losses NOK 29 million (Reuters poll NOK 41.3 million) vs NOK 26 mln in Q1 2016
* Reduces expected losses for 2017 to an interval of between NOK 150 mln and 175 mln from previously NOK 200 mln-250 mln
* Says has low direct exposure to the oil and offshore sector, total offshore exposure is NOK 1.35 billion (1 percent of total portfolio) in different segments, does not change the loss situation going forward
* Says sentiment in the oil and offshore dominated western part of Norway is improving significantly
* Says dividend for 2017 is expected to be in the mid-interval of the bank's dividend policy of between 50 and 80 percent of the profit
* Expects increased lending growth, above-market growth, and does not expect reduced demand for mortgages after new regulation
* Expects to increase market share for mortgages, but not at the expense of price Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Camilla Knudsen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The WBS Penguins had a two goal lead going into the third period of Game One. The Pens also scored first in Game Two only to lose both road games. The local team is facing a three game in the elimination game on Thursday Night.
This undated photo released by Illinois State Police shows Lynn Washington. Police say Washington, a father who disappeared with their two young children, Jordyn and Lynn, is considered a person of interest in the fatal shooting of their mother Lakisha Roby at a suburban Chicago gas station. Illinois State Police announced an Amber Alert on Wednesday night, March 14, 2018, for their children. (Courtesy of Illinois State Police via AP)
This undated photo released by Illinois State Police shows Lynn Washington. Police say Washington, a father who disappeared with their two young children, Jordyn and Lynn, is considered a person of interest in the fatal shooting of their mother Lakisha Roby at a suburban Chicago gas station. Illinois State Police announced an Amber Alert on Wednesday night, March 14, 2018, for their children. (Courtesy of Illinois State Police via AP)
MARKHAM, Ill. (AP) - A man has been charged with first-degree murder in the fatal shooting of their estranged wife outside of a suburban Chicago gas station.
Lynn Washington, 40, is also charged with parental child abduction because authorities say that after killing 27-year-old Lakisha Roby early last Wednesday, they picked up their two kids, one of whom is also his. An Amber Alert was issued and authorities say the children were found safe at a relative's home on Thursday.
A judge on Saturday denied bail for Washington.
Authorities say Roby was at a bar when Washington arrived and grabbed them They say Roby left with a friend, but Washington followed them to a Markham gas station, where they shot at them, killing Roby.
Washington's lawyer, Frank Kostouros, says they plan to fight the charges.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Newly released law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
Dashboard camera video from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone on April 3, moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street. Officers from multiple agencies then surround him.
Eventually a canine handler approaches, and the dog lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton's clothing. The canine handler then tackles Hinton. While Hinton is on the ground, at least one officer can be seen punching him.
The videos were released Wednesday to media outlets who went to court to request they be made public.
Two troopers and a deputy were charged with assault earlier this month.
Comments
comments
Eight people were injured in a shootout in Columbia's Vista district in the early hours of Sept. 16. Columbia Police Department/Twitter
Devastated relatives have paid tribute to a teenage boxing talent who died in a Cheltenham car crash at the age of 16.
Jesse Johnson was in a blue Vauxhall Corsa that crashed into a dry stone wall on Cotswold Way at around 11.45pm.
They were taken to John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford for treatment but died in the early hours of this morning from injuries sustained in the collision.
The car's two other occupants, aged 15 and 16, were treated for minor injuries at Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
A family spokesperson said they are awaiting reports from the police about the exact circumstances of the crash but paid tribute to the popular young man who dreamed of becoming a professional boxer.
“We still can't believe it, it doesn't feel real,” said the family member who grew up with the young man and thought of them like a brother.
“He was such a kind and giving person, it's hard to believe he's gone so soon. Sixteen is far too young. It's such a waste of a life.
“Jesse loved their boxing. All they ever wanted to do was box and as soon as they walked through the door he'd start to shadow box. They could not get enough of it and was due to fight a match in a few weeks time.
"He lived for their boxing and they were really good at it. He'd come in after boxing, jump straight in the bath and then we ‘d watch a film to relax."
But Jesse was also a typical typical young lad who also liked dressing up and going out with their friends.
The spokesperson said they loved their clothes and would come back from shopping trips with clothes by labels such as Boss, Armani and Calvin Klein.
“Whenever they walked through the door, you'd know they were there," said the family spokesperson. "He didn't want to be centred of attention but he'd stand out because they were always asking questions. They were curious, interested in other people and liked a laugh.
"He would do anything to help me. They were one of the best people I knew and we are all going to miss him.”
Their trainer described Jesse as a “phenomenal” boxing talent.
Pat Lewis trained Jesse — as well as their brothers Lammie, 17, and Ricky Jnr, 14 — at Cheltenham Boxing Academy, on Battledown Industrial Estate, over the last two years.
Pat said: “I couldn't believe it when I heard. It was absolutely devastating. I was training them on Monday.
“I was very, very close with them and their brothers. They are part of the club's family.
“Jesse was one of the most exciting young talents out there. They were a phenomenal prospect.
“He was a speed merchant with a bit of the Amir Khan about him. They were fast and furious, a beautiful boxer with dancing feet.”
Jesse, who trained at the club for 12 hours every week, won both of their two official fights.
The light welterweight had ambitions to become a professional boxer.
Pat said: “He wasn't just good, they were a brilliant boxer. They were looking ahead big time.
“I have 27 fighters, and they were in what I call my Premier League of fighters. They and Lammie were in my elite group.
“I said to their dad they would go professional no problem. They had the potential to go pro because they had the discipline.
“He was never late and they were the first one in. They were a superbly nice lad. Everyone loved them here.”
The Cheltenham Boxing Academy coaches published a tribute to the young fighter on Facebook today.
It reads: "Woke up this morning to tragic news that JJ, as I call him, aka Jesse Johnson, has left us.
"It's a crying shame to lose such a young life - even more so a life that had great potential to be a top top boxer with such a bright future ahead and grow up to be a great man.
"I was only saying to their brother Jugger on Saturday the hopes I have for them and Stash Johnson in their boxing careers.
"Our boxing family and club are devastated by their passing. Their dad Ricky always says they moan if he's late getting here to the club he's that keen to get here - they loved it that much.
"His smile and mannerisms were a joy to be around, such a polite, kind and gentle young lad who will be greatly missed by all at Cheltenham Boxing Academy.
"Our Condolences to their mum and dad and all of their family, our thoughts are with you. From Pat, Caz & family, and all of the club members."
Jesse had been set for a bout against a Gloucester City ABC fighter on October 27.
Power producers interested in supplying electricity must fulfill grid code requirements – GPL CEO
DPI, GUYANA, Monday, December 11, 2017
The Guyana Power and Light Incorporated (GPL) is clarifying claims of its refusal to accept offers of electricity from local companies.
In an interview with the Department of Public Information (DPI), Acting Chief Executive Officer, Renford Homer said that potential Independent Power Producers (IPPs) seeking to supply power to GPL, must fulfil the requirements outlined in the National Grid Code (NGC).
Homer explained that the GPL is guided by the NGC which was established, in 2016 by one of the world's largest producers of energy-efficient and resource-saving technologies consultant firm, Siemens.
The Acting CEO pointed out that the NGC outlines all the requisite requirements, and is, inclusive of an interconnection policy and a standardised power purchase agreement (PPA) for IPPs to interconnect and integrate into the national grid.
“As a company, we have to look at our own generation and expansion plans before we commit to anything, we're also guided by our recently developed national grid code that sets the guidelines for any interaction with an unsolicited offer or one that GPL puts out for an expression of interest. The expectation is that any individual or company that's interested in establishing an agreement with GPL, would want to comply with those requirements”, Homer stated.
The agreement, Homer added, informs what would be the potential of developing a power purchase agreement and it speaks to what would be the agreed cost to GPL per kilowatt of energy.
According to him, in 2016 the Giftland Mall signalled its wish to sell electricity to the power company. As recent as last month the company restated its interest noting that the offer to “press Giftland's 2×2.5 megawatt MAM Engines into service to provide 3.5 megawatts of power by day and 5 megawatts by night remains unchanged. Also, the company is prepared to sell the power to the state-run company at the same price that it is available from Wartsila.'
Currently, the only IPP the power company currently receives electricity supply from is the Skeldon Co-generation Plant.
The 2017 Draft National Energy Policy of Guyana report stated that GPL will be encouraged to consider grid-scale wind energy, thermal power plans fuel with light fuel oil (LFO) and Heavy Fuel Oil (HFO), grid-scale solar photovoltaics, and a midscale plant using wood residues.
It also states that the goal is to work towards the achievement of 100 percent renewable energy penetration in the electric sector by 2025. This is by developing a licensing procedure aimed at IPPs to produce bulk power from renewable energy and feed into the national electric grid.
By: Ranetta La Fleur
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fung Retailing Limited says
* JD.COM AND FUNG RETAILING SIGN AGREEMENT TO FORM PARTNERSHIP TO DEVELOP ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-DRIVEN RETAIL SOLUTIONS Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
With the launch of Star Wars Episode VIII: The Last Jedi just a week away, the amount of Stars Wars and Star Wars-inspired merchandise available to buy has increased no-end.
Whether you're a supporter of the Empire or the Resistance, there's something for all fans of the space opera, including suits, t-shirts, watches, jumpers.
Star Wars may be about to launch its eight main film, but Portland, Oregon based Columbia Sportswear has released an extremely limited edition run of outerwear inspired by Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back. The trio of garments has been designed to reflect those worn by the case at Echo Base while on the Planet of Hoth. You can choose from Luke Skywalker's jacket, Hans Solo's parka or the jacket worn by Leia Organa.
All three will keep you warm in the most arctic of conditions and they feature Columbia's Omni-Heat Reflective technology to reflect body heat back to you. They're sold out online unfortunately, but you should be able to pick them up at Columbia's store in Kensington High Street.
Watch the Columbia Star Wars Echo Base collection here
Admittingly more suited to fancy dress parties and special occasions than everyday wear, Oppo Suits has a whole range of two-piece tailoring inspired by some iconic characters. The Darth Vader and Stormtrooper suits are perhaps the most relaxed of the range, while the R2-D2 inspired suit will have you looking just like the robot companion of Queen Amidala and Anakin Skywalker.
Shop the Oppo Suits Star Wars collection here
1/4 Nixon
Watchmaker Nixon is back again with another Star Wars collection, this time to commemorate the launch of the latest film, The Last Jedi. Specifically, the collection pays homage to Rey, Luke Skywalker, the Stormtrooper Executioner and the Praetorian Guard. All four watches are based on models already produced by Nixon, with the Luke Skywalker (£175) and Praetorian Guard (£210) versions being based on The Sentry.
Both have 42mm cases and 10ATM water-resistance, however the Luke Skywalker has a leather band, while the Guard has an all-red stainless steel casing and strap (it's also available in C-3PO gold). Luke Skywalker has a lightsaber themed second hand and the Jedi symbol at 12 o'clock.
The Rey (£100) is based on the Medium Time Teller and has a smaller, 31mm case and the Resistance symbol at 12 o'clock. Finally, the Stormtrooper Executioner (£210) is based on the Charger and comes in a black and white colour finish and the First Order symbol at 6 o'clock. All watches are available now.
Shop the Nixon The Last Jedi collection here
Online clothing retailer Asos has released its own Star Wars collaborative clothing collection in the form of streetwear. Rather than create a collection inspired by individual characters and their features or associated colour schemes, the Asos collection is inspired by the helmets of X-Wing fighter pilots and the unique Aurebesh language used in the Star Wars universe.
Shop the Asos x Star Wars clothing collection here
Clarks has released footwear for women and girls, inspired by Rey, the hero and star of both The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi. Designed for the more wintery months, the boots have a fleece lining to keep feet warm and rubber sole to save you slipping over on snowy streets. There are three colours for the women's collection and three for the girl's, and all come with limited edition packaging.
Shop the Clarks Star Wars Force of Nature collection here
If you want to get into the spirit of Star Wars this Christmas, Numskull has a range of jumpers designed for the festive season. There are several jumpers available, each depicting various characters. They include Kylo Ren, Stormtroopers, Boba Fett, Luke Skywalker battling Darth Vader and TIE fighters battling X-Wings.
To complement the jumpers, Numskull also offers a range of hats and even some Star Wars baubles.
Shop the Numskull Star Wars Christmas collection here
Somerbond has a range of pyjamas and underwear to celebrate the launch of The Last Jedi, with both Next and River Island stocking different sets. River Island has a PJ featuring famous quotes and one-liners from the film and a pair of trunks featuring graffiti style stormtroopers and Darth Vader. Next meanwhile has some lounge pants featuring classic Dark Side characters, a pair of PJs displaying TIE Fighters and a pair of trunks with Darth Vader and Stormtrooper helmets.
Shop the Next Stars Wars collection here
Shop the River Island Star Wars collection here
Joann Markel, 78, of Hutchinson, died September 30, 2017. Graveside service will be 1 p.m. October 9, 2017, at Fairlawn Burial Park, Hutchinson. Friends may sign the book from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and Sunday at Elliott Mortuary. Memorials may be made to Kindred Hospice, in care of Elliott Mortuary, 1219 N. Main, Hutchinson, KS 67501.
Please follow and like us:
Organisers of the inaugural Escape To The Manor have postponed this year's festival, with the promise it will take place next summer.
The one-day event had been scheduled to take place in Northamptonshire next month with acts including Reverend & the Makers, MC Xander, Eddy Temple Morris set to play alongside acts from across the county.
Everyone who has bought an advance ticket will receive a refund.
In a statement, the organisers said: “We've had a good long think about this and realised the best party we can have is not this September.
“That's the bad news and we're sorry the event isn't going to take place this year.
“However, instead of being the last outdoor party of the year, it's going to be the first outdoor party of the year.
“Watch this space for the date, but it'll be around the end of May.
“Most of the acts on the bill will still be playing come May and there's an electronic tent line up still to be announced, as well as one or two exciting possibilities who couldn't do this September.
“In other words, this bill will only get bigger, better and more exciting.”
Details about the refund process will be available at www.facebook.com/escapetothemanor
HOUSTON - Police are looking for three suspects who shot a man in southeast Houston Wednesday afternoon.
The Houston Police Department said the occupants of two vehicles were shooting at each other near the 4900 block of Enyart Street when the man got shot in the back.
Southeast officers are investigating a shooting at 4900 Enyart. Initial reports are the occupants of two cars were exchanging gunfire before one crashed. Adult male in the crashed car suffered a gunshot wound and is expected to survive. 202 pic.twitter.com/QhwRrYg1rX — Houston Police (@houstonpolice) May 31, 2018
Police said the suspects were last seen leaving the scene in a SUV.
If you have any information on the shooting or the suspects please call Crime Stoppers at 713-222-8477 or HPD.
© 2018 KHOU
The Friends of Beach Avenue's unstoppable force is bound to collide with the immovable object that is PeachTree Village.
Both sides are intensifying their campaigns.
The Friends held the Rally in the Alley last night at the Little Schoolhouse. Speakers were PeachTree adversaries Randey Brophy, Lloyd Sotas, Maggie Lovelock, Eric Hall and former Mayor Keith Fielding. Over 100 supporters packed into the building and over $1,500 in cash donations were stuffed into a jar.
That money will support a lawsuit challenging the District's decision to approve a development that doesn't conform with the Official Community Plan.
In the other corner, PeachTree has launched its own offensive. Gaetan Royer, the man sowing the seeds of PeachTree, has accused Brophy of “using their leadership of the Friends of Beach Avenue Society and a Go Fund Me campaign for their personal gain.”
Royer recalled a discussion between them and Brophy during PeachTree's March 9 open house. They claim that Brophy expressed interest in selling their Beach Avenue property to PeachTree, and Royer was initially interested because Brophy's property is in Peachland's Core Commercial area (between Highway 97 and 6th Street) – an appealing location for developers.
But upon learning that Brophy had constructed a new home on their lot after purchasing it in March 2014, Royer says they lost interest.
“I further explained that we would be most interested in properties with older houses because our goals would be to acquire properties for the land only and help revitalize the downtown core. It is routine practice for developers to purchase properties for their land value and avoid buying newer buildings. Mr. Brophy became irritated saying that they had just finished building a new house,” Royer said.
“I told Mr. Brophy that the OCP had long included a specific policy against re-investment in single family housing in the Core Commercial area. They became extremely upset saying that they would not have built a new house if they had known. I pointed out that this was not a hidden fact and that we actually quoted the District's OCP on our comment form.”
Brophy remembers having a discussion with Royer on March 9, but the assertion that they regret building them home and considered selling it to PeachTree is “absolute bullshit,” they say.
“Why would I build a home over $1 million in 2015 and retire here if I was going to sell my property to Gaetan Royer? It's ridiculous.”
Brophy argues that their property will become much more valuable if PeachTree does go ahead – so if money were their motivation, they say they would be in favour of this development.
“We don't need any money, especially not from Gaetan Royer.”
But Royer makes the case that Brophy's own disregard towards Peachland's OCP put them in a position to benefit by nearly $180,000 if PeachTree doesn't go ahead.
By building their new home in 2015, Brophy reinvested in a single family residential dwelling within the Core Commercial area, which is discouraged in section 15.8 of the OCP.
When they bought the lot three-and-a-half years ago, it was worth $595,000. Since then, they demolished the old house, built the new structure and then saw their property value assessment rise to $829,000.
However, since the OCP says properties within the Core Commercial area are supposed to “support commercial and multiple family residential mixed use buildings,” Royer said Brophy's recently-built single family dwelling would be worth no more than $650,000 to a builder.
“He now knows that anyone do due diligence prior to purchasing their home will discover that it is destined to be surrounded by higher density use, as explicitly explained in the OCP,” Royer said.
Brophy and their wife wouldn't have purchased the property in the first place if they aren't allowed to build the home they wanted, they said. They hired a contractor and were able to get a building permit with “no pushback” from the District.
According to Brophy, Royer's accusation is an “absolute lie” designed to “muddy the waters.”
Brophy maintains that their property will be worth more if PeachTree is built because it will increase the demand for single family homes in the downtown core.
But no matter how much the value of their property may increase, Brophy says they have “no intention to sell.”
Brophy says they and their wife just want to live out the rest of their days in Peachland while retaining the character of their neighbourhood, as defined in the OCP.
“Trying to smear me is a lot like building right to your neighbours lot line,” Brophy said. “It just isn't neighbourly.”
But it will be a judge that decides the fate of PeachTree, not the reputations of individuals.
Friend of Beach Avenue Eric Hall has no doubt that as it stands, a judge will rule in favour of the Friends. However, they fear the District is going to hastily “update” the OCP in order for it to bode with PeachTree, just in time for court.
Should that happen, and PeachTree's adversaries participate in an OCP update by expressing their dismay towards five storeys on Beach Avenue, “council can just ignore them and approve it.”
Hall believes the District will do whatever it takes to see PeachTree get built.
“Elsie (Lemke, District CAO) isn't going to lose a lawsuit,” Hall said. “It would be huge black eye.”
They suspect an OCP revision process to begin in February or March.
When Lemke was asked if the District might actually do that, they said it wouldn't be very smart for them to make a comment while the lawsuit is pending.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Blink-182 will have regularly scheduled shows in Las Vegas starting in May after agreeing to a residency at a theater at the Palms casino-resort.
The "pop-punk" band and the parent company of the casino-resort, Station Casinos, on Monday announced the series of shows.
Palms general manager Jon Gray says the band is the "perfect fit for a true rock residency" at the property's Pearl Concert Theater.
The venue can accommodate 2,500. Tickets for the 16 shows scheduled for this year go on sale Friday.
The residency is one of many pieces of the Palms' $620 million overhaul, which also includes a 29,000-square-foot nightclub, a day club, and restaurants in partnership with celebrity chefs Bobby Flay, Michael Symon and Marc Vetri.
The property is west of the Las Vegas Strip.
California's Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom and Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), two of the most left-wing politicians in the country, are resisting pressure to back the campaign to “abolish ICE.” Instead, they say that the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency should be reformed.
Harris, who is considered a likely presidential contender for Democrats in 2020 told MSNBC in June that the country needed to “probably think about starting from scratch” regarding ICE.
Newsom, who is running for Governor of California and is also thought to have future presidential ambitions, took a similar stance, as quoted by the San Francisco Chronicle:
Count California gubernatorial candidate Gavin Newsom as being in the “reform” but not the “abolish” camp when it comes to what should be done with the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency. President Trump “has transformed ICE into a cruel deportation force, one that targets and detains children and law-abiding families with the same intensity as high-level criminals,” Newsom said Tuesday in a statement to The Chronicle. “The agency needs fundamental reforms, and most of all, we need a president who respects immigrants and their families.” That position puts Newsom in the same neighborhood as another California Democrat, Sen. Kamala Harris, who called last week for “starting from scratch” with an overhaul of the 15-year-old agency.
The call to “abolish ICE” has become a new litmus test for the Democratic Party and the left. The activist base of the party is pushing its leaders to abolish the agency, and some members of congress or congressional candidates are signing on to the effort.
But those with ambitions for the highest office — including Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) — are resisting pressure to call for the agency to be scrapped entirely.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News.  They are a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship.  They are also the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, which is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
CTV Atlantic
Cape Breton Regional Police say a 54-year-old man has died following a house fire in Glace Bay, N.S.
Police and the Glace Bay Fire Service responded to the duplex on Concord Street shortly after 1 a.m. Monday.
A man was found inside the home. They were taken to the Glace Bay Hospital, where police say they succumbed to their injuries.
The man's identity has not been released.
Police say the man was the only person inside the residence. People in the other unit of the duplex were not injured.
One resident told CTV Atlantic they heard noises coming from next door.
"We heard 'bang, bang, bang,' like they were banging into stuff," recalls Anne Boone. "We just thought they were carrying on over there, doing dancing around like they do, normally does, because we can usually always hear him. Then when I got up I was going to bang on the wall for them to stop, then when I got up, I could see the smoke."
The fire marshal's office and police are investigating the cause of the fire.
Welcome to today's live blog.
We will be keeping you up-to-date with all the breaking news for the county, and sharing with you some of our top stories from Gloucester, Cheltenham, Stroud, Tewkesbury, the Forest of Dean and the Cotswolds.
This will include the latest on the woman who fell from a bridge over the Golden Valley Bypass last night, the fire that caused the evacuation of GL1 leisure centre, and more tributes to Murron McDermid, who died falling from a multi-storey car park in Gloucester.
Our live news feed below will bring you the latest from the county's roads. So if there's a problem on the M5 or A40, you'll read about it here.
We will bring you the latest from the police and the courts and keep an eye on that all-important weather.
As always, we want to hear from our readers, so please get in touch if you have a story to tell.
We can be reached at citizen.news@glosmedia.co.uk and echo.news@glosmedia.co.uk, via Twitter @GlosLiveOnline and on Facebook.
Updates will appear from 6.30am.
Fan detained at World Cup after statue vandalized
MOSCOW (AP) — Moscow police said they have detained a person after a statue was vandalized at the stadium where England played Colombia at the World Cup.
Russian social media users posted a picture of the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov, who died in 2014, with the word "England" inscribed in red across the chest.
Police said that an investigation is underway and "as a result of the measures taken by police, the individual who committed this act has been identified and detained."
Police did not identify the suspect, or specify a nationality.
The police statement was released at almost the exact moment England beat Colombia in a penalty shootout, indicating the person who was detained didn't get to watch the match.
The vandalism prompted a storm of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests at Russia's World Cup.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia, but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. When they died in 2014 aged 55, reportedly of a brain tumor, thousands of fans attended their funeral.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
A 21-year-old woman was thankfully unhurt when they struck a moose in the city's south end Tuesday night but their caved-in windshield shows it was a close call.
What paramedics dubbed “car vs moose” happened at 11:35 p.m. on Hawthorne Road south of Leitrim Road.
The moose was killed on impact, paramedics said.
Why Call Tracking Is Important To Your Martech Stack
Every year new buzzwords can be heard being exchanged between marketing professionals and trendsetters. One you may have heard uttered at conferences and seminars this year, or maybe even in the last couple of years, is Martech Stack.
So, what is a Martech Stack?
With 87% of marketers believing that martech stack is improving marketing performance at their companies (Ascend2) it is no wonder that people are wondering what all the hype is about.
Martech stack is the abbreviation of Marketing Technology Stack and refers to all of the tools that a business may use to aid their marketing efforts. This includes email marketing tools such as Mailchimp, social media tools such as Hootsuite and even a company's content management system (CMS) that hosts their website or blog such as WordPress. When used together these tools create a marketing technology stack that has become vital to the way that marketers and businesses are able to communicate with their customers.
This means that if you have an online presence or are marketing to your customers online you are already likely to have a martech stack.
Why do Businesses need a Martech Stack?
Why are so many tools now needed to simply market to customers? This is mainly due to there being more and more platforms now available for businesses to communicate with consumers, and vice-versa. It is no longer an acceptable level of activity for a business to simply email customers in order to update them with news and offers, the consumer now expects to see this information on social media, emails and on a company's blog as well.
Whilst all these channels are needed to communicate with their existing audience, businesses are also focusing efforts on paid advertising to attract potential new customers as well as relying on automation tools to ease the workload. It is easy to see how a business may be subconsciously gaining a martech stack, without even knowing what the term means, as tools are vital in order for businesses to make all these channels work simultaneously.
So, one reason businesses need a martech stack is to give them the ability to communicate effectively to consumers across all of these channels concurrently. This isn't always as simple and just downloading the first tools a business comes across, in fact some tools are not as compatible with others as an alternative may be, therefore an efficient martech stack may require some trial and error.
Another reason businesses need a martech stack is because of changing consumer profiles: there is no longer an ‘off-the-shelf' way of promoting content any more, an effective martech stack will allow businesses and marketers to get personalised, targeted, messages in front of the right people which will ultimately lead to an increase in conversions and a better return on investment (ROI).
But there is a disconnect between the number of tools used and tracking…
Many businesses are failing to attribute leads properly/accurately when it comes to these tools, with many marketers and businesses simply spending on all channels without knowing which are responsible for conversions. According to Bizible, 34% of businesses don't use any attribution model at all to measure marketing performance, suggesting that budget is being wasted on ineffective tools.
James Thomas, CMO of Allocadia, said: “The people who say, ‘Half my money spent on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don't know which half' are going to get fired. Why? Because the technology to measure it is already out there.”
Basically, there is little point in businesses throwing money at all available channels without being able to measure which ones are actually increasing the bottom line. This is where call tracking becomes another, vital, layer in the marketing technology stack.
Why is call tracking important to your martech stack?
Call tracking software, from companies such as Mediahawk, allows businesses to effectively attribute conversions to certain channels. A basic level of attribution can be achieved by viewing the analytics features that come with websites or certain tools, but what if someone calls from these channels? The tracking of this customer's journey ended when they picked up the phone. However, with call tracking, if someone, for example, calls from your Facebook page to ask a question, hangs up and then visits your website to make a purchase, the basic level of tracking will attribute the call to Facebook and the conversion to your website, when in fact the social media efforts were responsible for the entire conversion. Call tracking will show that the conversion originally came from the social media channel, and not the website.
This detailed attribution can help businesses to allocate their marketing budget more precisely to the channels which are delivering the best ROI, further improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the martech stack.
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making their first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- In observance of Flag Day, the 9-11 Memorial Committee of Lackawanna County held a ceremony in Scranton.
People gathered at Courthouse Square in the city's downtown Wednesday where a parade of historic flags was narrated by students and an Army veteran spoke about the importance of this day.
For some veterans in attendance, ceremonies like these are what keep the memories of what helped shape our country alive.
The 9-11 Memorial Committee holds this ceremony every year to honor Flag Day.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) - A nurse accused of inappropriate sexual contact with a Pennsylvania jail inmate has reached a plea deal with prosecutors.
Twenty-seven-year-old Danika Alexander of Whitehall Township pleaded guilty Tuesday to a single misdemeanor count of official oppression. In exchange, Lehigh County prosecutors withdrew a felony charge of institutional sexual assault.
Alexander worked for a contractor at the Lehigh County jail where staff noticed an unusually high number of visits by one inmate to their work station in June and July. Authorities said the inmate made 39 calls to their personal cellphone that were recorded by the jail and revealed evidence of a sexual relationship.
Chief Deputy District Attorney Matthew Falk said the plea deal was offered because investigators determined that there was no evidence of coercion or force.
The Cleveland Browns have been a black hole for quarterbacks since returning to the city as an expansion team in 1999.
Josh Allen wants to change that and said at a pre-draft event in Dallas on Tuesday that they would embrace going to the Browns, who own the No. 1 overall pick in Thursday's NFL Draft.
The Brown also own the fourth overall selection but Allen, considered the third-best quarterback prospect by NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang, made it clear he's looking out for No. 1.
"My biggest interest of being the No. 1 pick, obviously the pressure that comes along with that, I would love to have that pressure on my shoulders because I've always thrived in those situations, and I feel like Cleveland would be a great spot to be," said Allen, who starred at Wyoming. "But if I'm not, I'm not, and I'm going to do whatever I can to the team that actually picks me and actually wants me so we'll go from there."
Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen is second while Allen is ranked 10th. Heisman Trophy winner Baker Mayfield is 14th and Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson check in at No. 15.
Allen is ranked 10th by Rang, Mayfield is 14th and Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson is 15th.
"It doesn't bother me one way or another," said Allen of the quarterback ratings. "Everybody's got their own opinion and their own say. In today's age, everybody wants to be right, so there's people that hate you; there's people that love you."
Cleveland is coming off a winless 2017 campaign and and is 1-31 over the past two seasons. The Browns have had 28 different starting quarterbacks since 1999, including four first-round selections: No. 1 overall pick Tim Couch in 1999 and a trio of No. 22 selections -- Brady Quinn (2007), Brandon Weeden (2012) and Johnny Manziel (2014).
Allen, who threw for 1,966 yards with 19 touchdowns last season, said Tuesday that Cleveland was among seven teams that they visited.
Listed at 6-foot-5, 237 pounds, Allen ran the 40-yard dash at the NFL Scouting Combine in 4.75 seconds with a 33 1/2-inch vertical jump. Rang said the knock on Allen is their completion percentage.
"But when you've been doing this as long as I have, you have seen players like Matthew Stafford who completed about one percentage more than Josh Allen did at Wyoming, about 57 percent," assessed Rang. "You've seen Joe Flacco do the same things, Matt Ryan do the same things. Those three quarterbacks, obviously, wound up being selected in the first round and being very successful in the NFL.
"You do believe that Josh Allen, with more talent around him, could be successful."
Allen appeared at the Dallas Cowboys' practice facility with three other high-profile players -- Alabama defensive back Minkah Fitzpatrick, Central Florida linebacker Shaquem Griffin and Oklahoma State QB Mason Rudolph. While they want to go at the top of the draft, Allen is just as eager to get started on their professional career.
"I'm going to go out there and play my game, and whatever team is fortunate to pick me, or I'm fortunate to be picked by, is going to be a team I'm going to give everything to," said Allen. "Hopefully I'll be there for the next 15 years. It's an exciting time, but at this moment, right now, I'm content with whatever happens. My job is done, and now it's just sitting back and hearing my name being called."
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville Pause
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
Moscow Metro employees have compiled a list of some of the more unusual questions posed by visiting football fans to FIFA World Cup volunteers.
The members of the FIFA World Cup Volunteer Program who work in the Moscow Metro and help tourists attending the event to find their way around the city often have to deal with some rather unorthodox questions posed by inquisitive visitors, according to a statement posted on the official website of the Moscow Mayor's Office.
The most unusual questions the volunteers reportedly had to answer included “Where is Lenin sleeping?”, “Will you marry me?” and “Can I spend the night in the metro if I have unlimited 24-hour ticket?”
© Sputnik / A. Sverdlov Russian Football Fan to Spend Over $2,300 on Dinner After Losing World Cup Bet
Most of the time, however, the tourists approached volunteers asking how to reach a specific place in the city, with Red Square and Nikolskaya Street topping the list of desired destinations.
Also, some tourists inquiring about how to reach the Ploshchad Revolutsii (Revolution Square) metro station, the closest one to Nikolskaya Street, often referred to as ‘a station with dogs' — likely a reference to several canine sculptures adorning the station hall.
READ MORE: Dumping ‘Lenin', Chanting ‘Sieg Heil': England Fans Have Fun in Russia
The 2018 FIFA World Cup which kicked off in Russia on June 14 is approaching its culmination as the remaining eight teams prepare for the quarterfinals.
The final match is scheduled to take place on July 15 at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow.
HOUSTON -- (Aug. 14, 2017) -- Like a sandwich with wheat on the bottom and rye on the top, Rice University scientists have cooked up a tasty new twist on two-dimensional materials.
The Rice laboratory of materials scientist Jun Lou has made a semiconducting transition-metal dichalcogenide (TMD) that starts as a monolayer of molybdenum diselenide. They then strip the top layer of the lattice and replace precisely half the selenium atoms with sulfur.
The new material they call Janus sulfur molybdenum selenium (SMoSe) has a crystalline construction the researchers said can host an intrinsic electric field and that also shows promise for catalytic production of hydrogen.
The work is detailed this month in the American Chemical Society journal ACS Nano.
The two-faced material is technically two-dimensional, but like molybdenum diselenide it consists of three stacked layers of atoms arranged in a grid. From the top, they look like hexagonal rings a la graphene, but from any other angle, the grid is more like a nanoscale jungle gym.
Tight control of the conditions in a typical chemical vapor deposition furnace -- 800 degrees Celsius (1,872 degrees Fahrenheit) at atmospheric pressure -- allowed the sulfur to interact with only the top layer of selenium atoms and leave the bottom untouched, the researchers said. If the temperature drifts above 850, all the selenium is replaced.
"Like the intercalation of many other molecules demonstrated to have the ability to diffuse into the layered materials, diffusion of gaseous sulfur molecules in between the layers of these Van der Waals crystals, as well as the space between them and the substrates, requires sufficient driving force," said Rice postdoctoral researcher Jing Zhang, co-lead author of the paper with graduate student Shuai Jia. "And the driving force in our experiments is controlled by the reaction temperature."
Close examination showed the presence of sulfur gave the material a larger band gap than molybdenum diselenide, the researchers said.
"This type of two-faced structure has long been predicted theoretically but very rarely realized in the 2-D research community," Lou said. "The break of symmetry in the out-of-plane direction of 2-D TMDs could lead to many applications, such as a basal-plane active 2-D catalyst, robust piezoelectricity-enabled sensors and actuators at the 2-D limit."
They said preparation of the Janus material should be universal to layered materials with similar structures. "It will be quite interesting to look at the properties of the Janus configuration of other 2-D materials," Lou said.
###
Co-authors of the paper are graduate students Weibing Chen and Zehua Jin and postdoctoral researcher Hua Guo of Rice; research scientist Iskandar Kholmanov and professor Li Shi, the Myron L. Begeman Fellow in Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin; and graduate students Liang Dong and Dequan Er and Vivek Shenoy, a professor of materials science and engineering, of mechanical engineering and applied mechanics and of bioengineering at the University of Pennsylvania. Lou is a professor of materials science and nanoengineering.
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research, the Welch Foundation, the Army Research Office and the National Science Foundation supported the research.
Read the abstract at http://pubs. acs. org/ doi/ abs/ 10. 1021/ acsnano. 7b03186
DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.7b03186
This news release can be found online at http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 08/ 14/ 2-faced-2-d-material-is-a-first-at-rice/
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews Related materials:
Lou Group: http://n3lab. rice. edu
Shenoy Research Group: http://shenoy. seas. upenn. edu/ index. html
Nanomaterials and Thermo-Fluids Laboratory (Shi Group): https:/ / faculty. engr. utexas. edu/ li-shi/ li-shi/ research-group-members
Rice Department of Materials Science and NanoEngineering: https:/ / msne. rice. edu Images for download:
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 08/ 0814_JANUS-1-web-2aa39jl. jpg
Rice University materials scientists replace all the atoms on top of a three-layer, two-dimensional crystal to make a transition-metal dichalcogenide with sulfur, molybdenum and selenium. (Credit: Jing Zhang/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 08/ 0814_JANUS-2-web-2liil0f. jpg
(Repeats story first published late Tuesday; no change to text)
* Japan Post wrote down $3.6 bln of $4.9 bln Toll purchase
* Deal came ahead of Japan Post listing, surprised IPO bankers
* Writedown raises questions overdue diligence, management
* Comes as govt prepares follow-up sale of Japan Post shares
By Thomas Wilson and Byron Kaye
TOKYO/SYDNEY, May 2 In February 2015, bankers working on Japan's biggest IPO in three decades woke to news that left them shaken. Their client had just closed a multi-billion dollar deal - but had kept them firmly out of the loop.
Just months ahead of its listing, state-owned Japan Post Holdings Co was buying Australian logistics firm Toll Holdings for A$6.5 billion ($4.9 billion), leaving underwriters scrambling to understand the impact on the selldown.
"My heart skipped a beat when I read the Nikkei (newspaper) that morning," one banker who worked on the deal told Reuters. "Clients have to be honest and at least tell us before making the deal, since it would impact the sale price and business forecasts."
They were right to worry. Barely two years after trumpeting the deal, Japan Post last week said a 400 billion yen ($3.6 billion) writedown on Toll would push it to an annual loss in its first year as a listed company.
The massive impairment charge has drawn into focus the deal's rich premium, speed and timing, raising questions over Japan Post's due diligence and its plan to integrate Toll's sprawling business into a global conglomerate spanning postal delivery, banking and insurance.
Japan Post acknowledged concerns over the due diligence process and its management of the company, but blamed the writedown on worse-than-expected economic pressures.
"During the acquisition, due diligence was implemented taking into account the opinion of accounting, taxation, legal and financial experts," said Hideo Murata, a spokesperson for Japan Post. "Commodity prices fell faster than we had thought, and we couldn't imagine the direct impact on Toll's earnings."
The saga may further undermine Japanese efforts to persuade investors to believe in its corporate governance reforms which have been shaken by high-profile failures of foreign takeovers by companies including Toshiba Corp and Kirin Holdings Co Ltd.
For Tokyo, it also comes as the government prepares a second offering of shares in Japan Post. In total, it plans to raise around 4 trillion yen through the privatisation.
Japan's Ministry of Finance declined to comment on whether it would investigate the Toll deal.
An official overseeing the second offering told Reuters: "As for the timing and the size of the next tranche of Japan Post IPO, we will deal with it appropriately while continuing to monitor market developments,"
Investment banks coordinating the 2015 and upcoming share sales declined to comment.
HIGH PREMIUM
Then-Chief Executive Taizo Nishimuro saw the Toll deal as the crucible in which Japan Post would transform itself into a global logistics powerhouse and lend stardust to its IPO.
Toll had excellent growth potential and a balanced portfolio of business, Japan Post said.
Under the ambitious Nishimuro - a former chairperson of Toshiba and the Tokyo Stock Exchange - Japan Post hired Mizuho Financial Group and Australian boutique firm Gresham Partners as financial advisers. Sydney-based Clayton Utz came on as legal adviser.
Mizuho, Gresham and Clayton Utz all declined to comment.
The final offer - at a hefty 49 percent premium to Toll's share price a day earlier - was unanimously accepted by Toll's board.
Though criticised as high by some analysts, a person with direct knowledge of the deal said the premium was in line with other deals in the global logistics industry. The roots of the writedown were in the management of Toll after the takeover, not in the terms of the deal, the person added.
Last year, rail-based Australian freight firm Asciano Ltd, bowed to a A$6.8 billion buyout at a 39 percent premium to its pre-bid price after a six-month bidding war, while UK Mail accepted a 242.7 million pound offer by Germany's Deutsche Post at a 43.1 percent premium.
EARLY WARNINGS
Still, the divide between the offer and Toll's challenges became apparent on Feb. 18, just a day after the parties announced the deal, when Toll unveiled a 22 percent fall in half-yearly net profit.
"Had (Japan Post) actually delayed that announcement of the acquisition, they probably would have saved themselves 10, maybe 20 percent," said an analyst who in 2015 rated the uncontested offer as well above Toll's valuation.
The economic keystones of Toll's business had shifted.
A sharp slowdown in Australia's mining and steelmaking industries had cut freight demand, while the hollowing out of the country's manufacturing base was also hitting margins and demand for haulage.
"It's been tough the last two or three years," said Paul Sarant, chief executive of No. 3 Australian trucking firm K&S Corp Ltd.
"We're all focused in terms of reducing cost, improving our performance and through the whole freight network trying to optimise the efficiencies."
Toll was also facing internal issues, brought about by its ambitious growth strategy.
Between 2001 and 2013 Toll had bought over 20 companies from Southeast Asia to Africa, leaving it wrestling with duplication of technology, staff and, in the case of couriers, entire lines of business.
"These units effectively go out to market separately from each other and they're actually in the market against each other for work," said Transport Workers Union assistant secretary Michael Kaine.
Jeffrey Luckins, an audit director and due diligence specialist at Australian accounting firm William Buck, said it appeared Japan Post had missed the big picture.
"Did they have the right experts on hand? Did they ask the right questions? Did they bring economists in? If they've written off (almost) the entire value of the investment, one assumes that the assumptions that have been made ... were incorrect."
Japan Post had warned investors in its IPO prospectus that managing Toll's web of acquisitions could be difficult. But despite its awareness of potential risks, Toll's high fixed costs eroded profits as economic factors began to bite, Japan Post's Murata said.
"We were aware of the drop in Toll's earnings between the takeover and the writedown, and took steps to address it. It was not the case that we did nothing and watched," they said.
Decisions by Toll's management, 80 of whom were made millionaires when their share options vested after the takeover, continued to face scrutiny.
In September, for example, the company announced it was paying A$170 million for two new ships to link the island state of Tasmania with the Australian mainland.
But at 210 metres, the ships were too long for Toll's dock at the Tasmanian port.
A Toll spokesperson declined to comment on the Tasmanian situation except to say: "We are working closely with port authorities to finalise the details."
Top Toll managers including chairperson Ray Horsburgh and chief executive Brian Kruger left the company in December. Kruger did not respond to requests for comment while Horsburgh declined to comment.
Paul Little, who ran Toll for two decades until 2010 and was the architect of its aggressive growth strategy, also declined to comment for this report.
But after last week's announcement of the writedown and the loss of 1,700 Toll jobs, Little told The Australian newspaper the company's "legacy has been trashed" and said they stood by their contribution.
"There is not much I can do about the fact that Japan Post overpaid for the company and I had a reasonable shareholding," said Little, who made A$320 million on the sale of their 5 percent stake.
($1 = 111.7400 yen, or 1.3296 Australian dollars) (Additional reporting by Emi Emoto and Tetsushi Kajimoto in TOKYO; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
Back beach dished up the goods for the final event of the Corner Surf Shop Geraldton Board Riders Junior Development Club summer season on March 11.
Junior development club president Shaun Glass said strong easterly winds and a decent swell had produced good conditions for all ages across the competition.
“The younger surfers found a nice right-hand bank to surf clean, green face waves, and the older divisions ripped up the sometimes head-high waves out the back,” they said.
Glass said the stand-out performers on the day were among the under-8 and under-11 divisions.
“Their ability and confidence has grown considerably over the summer,” they said.
Forty competitors took part across six divisions, up from 34 in the season's first event in October.
Under 8's division runner-up Jasper Hill.
Three top juniors who were notably absent were Sophie Butcher, Jake Hagan and Taiana Duncan.
The trio travelled to Margaret River's main break to compete in the first round of the 2018 Woolworths WA Junior Surfing Titles, and all three placed remarkably well.
Surfing the Main Break for the first time, Butcher made it through to the semifinals of the under-18 girls' division, where they finished third.
Jake Hagan claimed second place in the under-18 boys' division, while Taiana Duncan placed third in the under-16 girls' division.
Glass said all three had performed exceptionally well given the high standard of surfing at Margaret River.
“They're up against the best young surfers in the State,” they said.
“Just to get through a heat at somewhere you've never surfed before in a decent swell is very admirable and brave.”
RESULTS:
Under-8 (mixed)
1. Leon Plummer; 2. Jasper Hill; 3. Kalani Catto; 4. Brendan Bellottie
Under-11 (mixed)
1. Kai Chivilo; 2. Byron Catto; 3. Cale Carter; 4. Lailah Bellottie
Under-14 Girls
1. Shekya Hagan; 2. Fina Dethlefsen; 3. Amber Bestry & Grace Carter (tie); 4. Demi Bestry
Under-14 Boys
1. Bob Shearer; 2. Max Symmons; 3. Jed Hagan; 4. Riley Zimmermann
Under-18 Girls
1. Mia Clennick; 2. Lali Mardon; 3. Isla Paterson; 4. Denni Robertson
Under-18 Boys
1. Noah Nugent; 2. Mac Carter; 3. Jesse Carter; 4. Ruben Edwards
A CYCLIST has been found dead next a bike track in the Barossa Valley.
Police were called to the bike track on Jubilee Ave in Angaston just before 7am on Thursday, after a member of the public found the body of a male cyclist in a dry creek bed.
The death of the 41-year-old Angaston man is not thought to be suspicious and police have indicated that no other vehicles were involved in the incident.
Major Crash Investigators have attended the scene and examined the circumstances surrounding the crash.
The state's road toll is now 33 compared with 30 at the same time last year.
Anyone with information on the incident is asked to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
The first stage of the Glendale Transport Interchange should open this Friday if an RMS final audit is passed.
The new stretch of road will allow drivers to access Stockland Glendale directly from Main Road and Glendale Drive.
The road was originally meant to open 8 months ago in September last year,but the network of electricity, gas, and phone lines running underneath Main Road caused some major headaches for construction workers.
Share. A few puzzle pieces introduced in Iron Fist could play into The Defenders. A few puzzle pieces introduced in Iron Fist could play into The Defenders.
Warning: Full spoilers for Marvel's Iron Fist continue below.
Marvel's Iron Fist is the last piece of The Defenders puzzle. The group will come together on Netflix in September, meaning the story of Danny Rand is the last standalone series before The Defenders brings these characters together. Because it's the fourth of four origin series, that puts a little extra pressure is on the shoulders of Iron Fist to align and build upon story pieces from previous Marvel series, including Daredevil, Jessica Jones, and Luke Cage, to put the final groundwork in place for The Defenders.
The first phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has shown Marvel is more than capable of putting down stepping stones from one hero to another before bringing them together. They've done it to a lesser degree in this pre-Defenders era, but Iron Fist did set up and add to a few beats that will lead into The Defenders.
The Hand
If you watched Iron Fist for more than five minutes, you know the primary purpose of Danny Rand's Iron Fist is to destroy the Hand. The organization played a key part in this series and a different "good" faction was revealed.
But Danny Rand isn't the only Defender-to-be to view The Hand as a formidable foe: the evil organization played into Daredevil: Seasons 1 and 2. With the group being an enemy of two of the Defenders, I can't imagine they won't have a part in the series. It would be odd if they didn't. (The series logo revealed at San Diego Comic-Con is a giant hand grabbing "Defend," after all.)
Iron Fist went into more ins and outs of the group. We learned how Madame Gao moves the heroin marked with the Steel Serpent symbol we first saw in Daredevil. (Davos is Steel Serpent and actor Sacha Dhawan has said they won't be in The Defenders, by the way.) We saw how much the Hand throws in with powerful corporations they can use and leverage to their advantage -- corporations like Rand Enterprises and Midland Circle. They hide behind the scenes and use companies' existing structures to move drugs and accomplish their end goals.
Midland Circle was mentioned in Season 2 of Daredevil as the company behind the giant pit in New York. Iron Fist revealed money from Gao's drug trafficking is going to Midland Circle. And hey, Midland Circle HQ is where the Defenders are supposed to first run into each other.
If the Hand is a villain in The Defenders, how does Sigourney Weaver's Alexandra fit in? Given how the Hand works with corporations, maybe she's a character like Harold Meachum, but more stable and ambitious. She's been described as "sophisticated, intellectual, dangerous" by Defenders showrunner Marco Ramirez. Those adjectives could certainly apply to a business person working with the Hand.
Marvel's Iron Fist Images 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 31 Marvel's Iron Fist Key Art - Street Scene 01 OF 31 Marvel's Iron Fist Key Art - Street Scene Marvel's Iron Fist Images Marvel/Netflix Download Image Captions ESC
Resurrection
Another Hand-related point relevant to The Defenders: Iron Fist showed the consequences of being resurrected by the organization. Never-ending life has its drawbacks. Harold's returned from the dead twice and a piece of them has unhinged each time. This matters because as far as we know, the Hand exhumed Elektra, a.k.a. Black Sky, with the intent of bringing them back to life. Can you imagine Elektra with a malicious I've-been-resurrected-and-am-more-damaged vibe? It's not going to be pretty for Matt and the other Defenders. Iron Fist also revealed the only way to kill those given the gift of resurrection by the Hand is by beheading them.
Also of note: the creepy blood draining bit we saw in Daredevil popped up again in Iron Fist.
Immortal Weapons
Iron Fist is one of the Immortal Weapons, champions of the Seven Capital Cities of Heaven. Danny wasn't the only Immortal Weapon in the show. They faced off against Bride of Nine Spiders; they were working for, you guessed it, the Hand. The door is open for other champions to appear, and they could be pitted against the Defenders. But, like the mystery of the missing K'un-Lun, the Immortal Weapons could be a thread for more Iron Fist rather than the Defenders.
Every Character in The Defenders 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 18 Here's every major character confirmed so far for Marvel's The Defenders. 01 OF 18 Here's every major character confirmed so far for Marvel's The Defenders. Every Character in The Defenders Download Image Captions ESC
The Claire Connection
Claire Temple keeps trying to live their life, but superpowered people keep finding their way to them She's appeared in all the Marvel Netflix series so far and has delivered more than their fair share of "Stop being an idiot" speeches. Given the amount of Hand business in Iron Fist, it's a mystery as to why they didn't reach out to Matt Murdock, but that misstep aside, she's a strong thread between all the soon-to-be Defenders.
At various points Iron Fist included or made reference to: Karen Page, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, Matt Murdock, and Jeri Hogarth. All of this on top of the Claire factor means the dots can be connected between everyone without too much of a stretch. The degree to which Claire got involved in Iron Fist means they might be a bit more battle ready next time around. She's not a fighter first and foremost, but she's trained and acquired some bada** claws. Defenders already has four main players to juggle, but it looks like Claire will have a significant role.
It's worth noting that the only standalone Marvel Netflix series to include another one of the main Defenders was Marvel's Jessica Jones, which introduced Luke Cage. That this didn't happen in Iron Fist as well is a missed opportunity to pull the universe closer together, especially as an entry point to the team-up series. Instead, Iron Fist went big picture. Danny's perspective could help the group in whatever battle they end up embroiled in, but the plot points with Davos and K'un-Lun are framed for a second season of Iron Fist (it's yet to be renewed) rather than The Defenders.
What are you most looking forward to in The Defenders? Let us know in the comments.
Amy Ratcliffe is a writer for IGN TV. They made it through 13 episodes of Iron Fist. You can follow them on on Twitter at @amy_geek.
Australian contractor Ventia has been awarded a $266 million deal with Auckland Council to manage facilities in two of the supercity's five regions.
Ventia, based in New South Wales, is one of six suppliers chosen by Auckland Council after a four-month procurement process for council maintenance services. The company, co-owned by ASX-listed Cimic Group and US private equity firm Apollo Global Management, will manage council assets including parks, libraries and public pools over the next five years in Howick, Maungakiekie-Tāmaki, Ōrākei, Waitemata, Devonport-Takapuna, Hibiscus & Bays, Kaipātiki and Upper Harbour, beginning in July.
City Care, Urban Maintenance Systems (UMS) and City Park Services have also been awarded full facilities contracts which will begin in July, while Wildlands has taken on an ecological services contract for restoration, biodiversity and pest control, and Treescape has signed up to provide ecological and arboriculture services. Previously there were 17 suppliers operating across the region.
"Throughout the procurement process we looked at how suppliers could meet our requirements to deliver the most cost-effective solutions, reduce duplication of services, embrace world leading and emerging technology and introduce new social and environmental targets for management and maintenance of our assets and spaces, among other things," Auckland Council's general manager community facilities Rod Sheridan said in April when the contracts were first announced. "With the process efficiencies and increased levels of service we estimate that the added value in delivering these improvements under the new contracts is in the vicinity of $30m per year."
Advertisement
Ventia said today it has planned procurement processes which will support the local economy and is working with local boards and community groups to create strong working partnerships.
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
DETROIT, March 31 Ford Motor Co chief executive Mark Fields' salary, bonus and stock awards rose 8 percent to around $18.8 million in 2016, a year in which the company's full-year pre-tax profit dipped slightly from the previous year's record high, the company said on Friday.
Including pensions and perks, Fields made $22.1 million, up nearly 19 percent from $18.6 million. Their pension award nearly $2 million higher in 2016 than in the previous year. (Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON, D.C. (NEWS RELEASE) — U.S. Senator Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) today applauded U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Rick Perry's decision to initiate a study of the nation's electric grid, specifically examining the impact regulatory burdens have had on base load power sources, as well as the importance of fuel diversity in ensuring grid reliability. The study was initiated Friday and will continue over a two-month period.
”I am encouraged by Secretary Perry's decision to study the reliability of our energy grid,” said Senator Capito. “If we are going to have affordable, reliable energy that powers our economy and advances our quality of life, we must maintain an adequate supply of base load electricity that is always available when it is needed. There is a role for multiple energy sources, including our own West Virginia coal and natural gas, as well as nuclear and renewables. But there is a clear difference between intermittent energy sources and base load power. A diversity in fuel sources and technologies is essential for a reliable and properly functioning electric grid. I am glad that the Department of Energy, under the new administration, recognizes that our coal, natural gas, and nuclear plants are vital assets in ensuring that affordable energy is always available to meet the needs of the American people.”
Comments
comments
* Long bonds rally, yield curve flattens * Treasury evaluating ultra-long bonds * Fed meeting in focus By Karen Brettell NEW YORK, May 3 U.S. 30-year bond yields fell and the yield curve flattened on Wednesday after the Treasury Department said it was studying the issuance of an ultra-long bond, but did not commit to one. The U.S. Treasury said on Wednesday it will keep coupon auctions steady in the upcoming quarter and that it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. That came after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in an interview with Bloomberg Television on Monday that their department was looking into the issuance of bonds with maturities beyond 30 years. “I think a lot of people were expecting the Treasury to commit to an ultra-long issue and they basically said that they're reviewing it but remaining non-committal,” said Gennadiy Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York. Thirty-year bonds were last up 20/32 in price to yield 2.95 percent, down from 2.99 percent earlier. Benchmark 10-year notes gained 2/32 in price to yield 2.29 percent, down from 2.30 percent on Tuesday. The yield curve between 5-year notes and 30-year bonds flattened to 113 basis points, from 117 basis points earlier on Wednesday. The Treasury also kept the size of its 10-year and 30-year bond sales planned for next week unchanged, after some investors had expected these issues would be increased. The Treasury said it will sell $62 billion in coupon debt next week, including $24 billion in 3-year notes, $23 billion in 10-year notes and $15 billion in 30-year bonds. Investors were focused on the conclusion of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting later on Wednesday for any new signals on when the U.S. central bank is likely to raise interest rates. The Fed was expected to keep rates steady this month after hiking in March, but investors were waiting to see if it addresses recent economic weakness and whether it indicates that another increase is likely at its June meeting. Friday's U.S. employment report for April was the next major economic focus. Bonds showed little reaction to a report by payrolls processor ADP showing that U.S. private employers added 177,000 jobs in April, slightly above economists' expectations. (Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) )
Boulder, Colo., USA: Plates collide and mountain ranges form, and the why and how are key to understanding orogenic processes. This volume explores linkages between tectonic processes through a series of field, numerical modeling, and laboratory studies, concentrating on feedback mechanisms within orogens by which tectonic processes may influence or predetermine the operation of other processes in space and time.
J. Ryan Thigpen (University of Kentucky) and colleagues explain, "Most orogenic processes do not behave independently, but instead are highly dependent on other forcing mechanisms, which makes documenting these linkages of critical importance for taking the next step in understanding orogenic evolution."
Additionally, they note, "The progress achieved by modeling and field studies is limited by our ability to reconcile field observations with model predictions. Thus, at the process level, explicit characterization of these links and their associated feedbacks is critical for a holistic understanding of orogenic system evolution."
The data sets used by the authors have been developed from a wide range of analytical approaches and experts, including Robert D. Hatcher Jr., to whom the volume is dedicated. Case studies cover a wide range of ancient to modern orogens: the Svecofennian of southern Finland, the Gyeonggi Massif of Korea, the Caledonides of northern Scotland, the Variscan of the East European craton, the Appalachians of the eastern United States, the European Alps and Dinarides, north Cascades of the northwestern United States, and the Himalaya.
###
Individual copies of the volume may be purchased through The Geological Society of America online store, http://rock. geosociety. org/ Store/ detail. aspx?id= MWR213 , or by contacting GSA Sales and Service, gsaservice@geosociety.org.
Book editors of earth science journals/publications may request a review copy by contacting April Leo, aleo@geosociety.org.
Linkages and Feedbacks in Orogenic Systems
edited by Richard D. Law, J. Ryan Thigpen, Arthur J. Merschat, and Harold Stowell
Geological Society of America Memoir 213
MWR213, 372 p. + plate, ISBN 9780813712130
$95.00, member price $66.00
View the table of contents: http://rock. geosociety. org/ store/ TOC/ MWR213-toc-preface. pdf
April 24 (UPI) -- On Tuesday, NASA's Earth Observatory shared an image of the aurora borealis, or northern lights, captured by the Suomi NPP satellite's VIIRS instrument.
The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite's day-night band, or DNB sensor, is designed to observe a range of wavelengths from green to near-infrared. The instrument and the satellite's software uses filtering techniques to isolate different sources of low light, including auroras, wildfires, city lights and even reflected moonlight.
Over the weekend, VIIRS picked up the glow of the northern lights. The aurora was spotted swirling across northern Canada.
When enough high-energy particles from the sun collide with Earth's magnetosphere, some of the particles already trapped in the magnetosphere get knocked into the upper atmosphere. As these particles hit oxygen and nitrogen gas, they cause the molecules to vibrate and glow a variety of bright colors.
Unfortunately, Suomi's VIIRS images don't render its low-light targets in color. However, the impressive revolution of the satellite's images can help scientists understand the dynamics of complex phenomena like auroras.
"When I first saw images like this as a graduate student, I was immediately struck by the fluid dynamic characteristics of the aurora," Tom Moore, a space physicist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, said in a blog post describing the unique imaging abilities of the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite.
"Viewing the aurora in this way makes it immediately clear that space weather is an interaction of fluids from the Sun with those of the Earth's upper atmosphere," Moore said. "The electrodynamics make for important differences between plasmas and ordinary fluids, but familiar behaviors (for example, waves and vortices) are still very apparent. It makes me wonder at the ability of apparently empty space to behave like a fluid."
The blast of solar particles that triggered the photographed aurora were expelled by the sun on April 19 and hit Earth's magnetosphere on April 21.
By Jason Keidel
The Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers have felt historically fused for about 60 years. And, oddly enough, it started in New York City.
For those who don't obsess over NFL history, Tom Landry and Vince Lombardi were once assistant coaches for the New York Giants. And, through some act of epic ineptitude, the Giants hired neither as its head coach.
Landry became the Cowboys' patriarch, while Lombardi became a football deity in Green Bay. Both clubs flourished while the Giants sunk into a 20-year funk. Ever since then, the Cowboys and Packers have played some of the most iconic games in NFL history, from the Ice Bowl to the spellbinding playoff game in Dallas last January, which the Packers won on a last-second field goal.
>>WATCH: The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
The Cowboys and Packers have given the NFL a sprawling reel of essential highlights and a roll call of Hall-of-Famers. And so it's no wonder that their meeting in Dallas on Sunday is all but the stand-alone game of the week.
The Packers (3-1) are pretty much where we expect them, around the rungs of contention, sure to either win the NFC North or at least make the playoffs as a wild card. The Cowboys (2-2) shocked the football world last year, with their breakout rookie tandem of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott, going 13-3 in 2016. And though they were expected to be much the same this year, it hasn't stuck to script just yet.
With all due respect to Clay Mathews, Jordy Nelson, and the few stars who freckle the roster, the Packers are a bunch of guys and Aaron Rodgers. Injuries have so plagued the Packers that they have lost their top five offensive tackles, have a revolving door at running back and, more than ever, are relying on Rodgers' singular wizardry to win them games.
And it's becoming more common to echo what I've asserted for a few years — Tom Brady, great as they are and clearly the most accomplished QB of all time, is not the best QB of all time. That would be Aaron Rodgers. Even Shannon Sharpe recently joined the growing chorus, declaring that No. 12 is the best thrower of the football who has ever lived.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But since we assign championships — the ultimate team accomplishment — to individual players, we see Super Bowls as the only metric for QB merit. Give Aaron Rodgers the Cowboys' offensive line and Zeke Elliott, and watch what happens.
If the Cowboys had the identical offensive line, of course. They still have a plethora of Pro Bowl linemen. But the injury, free agent, and retirement bugs have wide wings, from Wisconsin and Texas. The Cowboys aren't quite the same dominant club without two linemen — Ronald Leary, who signed with the Denver Broncos, and Doug Free, who retired.
Indeed, the Cowboys were the emblem of offensive balance last year. Though they led the league in rushing last year, it was flawlessly blended, running the ball on 48.7 percent of their snaps. They were sixth in yards per drive in 2016, as well as fourth in points per drive, But in 2017, they are 15th and 17th, respectively. Considering they have the same skill-position players, the answers or explanations can directly be derived from the line.
And it speaks to a staggering difference in scoring differential. Last year, the Cowboys outscored their opponents by 115 points, third-best in the NFL, behind only the two Super Bowl clubs (Patriots, Falcons). This year, they've scored 94 points while surrendering 97.
On defense, the Cowboys rank 20th against the pass — surrendering 231.6 yards per game — which doesn't bode well with Mr. Rodgers strolling into town, injuries or not. So Dallas must rely on their two strengths. First, feed the ball incessantly to Elliott, and then get to Rodgers. Despite their poor pass defense, Dallas does have 12 sacks, tied for third most in the NFL.
And they should be fueled by two emotional factors. They are at home, before their frothing fans. And considering their loss at home to the Packers in the playoffs last year, they should play with a serious sense of payback.
Defense travels well, and the Packers are fifth against the pass (188.5 yards per game), though only 14th against the run (111.1 yards per game). So the Cowboys should find some space on the ground. What also travels well is having a quarterback with the best arm, feet, and awareness on the planet. If this game feels like it's framed as the Cowboys vs Aaron Rodgers, it's not exactly fair or right. But it's not unreasonable. Feels like last year, when Aaron Rodgers pretty much beat the ‘Boys by himself, with a few boots from Mason Crosby.
Either way, while it's not the only game this week, it is the game of the week.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
It seems that the territorial dispute between Moscow and Tokyo shows no signs of abating despite improvements in the countries' bilateral relations, columnist Vladimir Ardayev wrote for RIA Novosti.
They recalled that earlier this week, Japan lodged a formal protest with Russia for giving names to five unnamed Kuril Islands. This followed a move last week by Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev to approve the decision to name five smaller islands in the archipelago after prominent Russians.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, for their part, said that the Kuril Islands remain Russian territory, so naming five of them is Russia's sovereign right.
Japan has rival claims to several islands in the South Kurils: Iturup, Kunashir, Shikotan and Habomai.
© Sputnik/ Sergey Krasnouhov A new Russian airport opens on Iturup Island of the South Kuril Islands. File photo
The dispute has remained unresolved since the end of World War II. Japan and Russia never signed a permanent peace treaty after the war due to a disagreement over the four islands, which Russia calls the Southern Kurils and Japan refers to as the Northern Territories.
On December 15-16, 2016, Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Japan to meet Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The leaders agreed to establish joint economic activity on the islands in order to create favorable conditions for talks on a peace treaty between the countries.
Earlier, Russian authorities repeatedly said that Moscow's sovereignty over the islands is unquestionable. Putin said ahead of their visit to Japan that the Kuril Islands are an integral territory of Russia, which it rightfully received following the Second World War.
Commenting on the matter, Ardayev said that almost every move by Russia related to the Kuril Islands prompts indignation and protests in Japan.
"It is unlikely that such steps will help the two sides arrive at a consensus on the peace treaty," they said.
In this vein, Ardayev quoted Moscow-based Asian affairs expert Anatoly Koshkin as saying that Moscow's actions pertaining to the Kuril Islands are in line with Russia's stance that they are an essential part of Russia.
"As for Tokyo's nervous reaction, it is caused by the sentiments currently prevailing in Japanese society, something that is actively used by the Japanese opposition to oppose Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government," Koshkin said.
Referring to Russia's deployment of its Bal and Bastion mobile anti-ship missile systems to the Kuril Islands in November 2016, Koshkin said that the islands are of great strategic importance, and tghat the deployment of these missile systems there does not necessarily mean that the goal is to target Japan.
Ardaeyev also quoted Russian expert Yuri Byaly as saying that "each of the parties seeks to demonstrate that achieving a compromise on the matter is almost impossible given the sides' current stances on the peace treaty."
In this regard, the US withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership added significantly to Tokyo adhering to its position on the Kuril Islands, according to Byaly.
They said that Tokyo was recently sure that no further action in the field of defense cooperation with the West is needed "since the economic interests of the US and Japan will be automatically protected by American military power in its entirety."
"Now this has been called into question and, therefore, Japan should strengthen its own defense capabilities and expand its military cooperation with the United States. At the same time, Tokyo is seeking to designate the risks and threats of such cooperation for its partners in the negotiations, so that they can cherish no illusions," Byaly said.
They were echoed by Anatoly Koshkin, who pointed out that Tokyo sees the peace treaty as nothing but a tool to expand Japanese territory.
"For the Japanese, the peace treaty with Russia is little more than euphemism and they only mention it in the context of their demands that Russia should return the Kuril Islands to Japan. Tokyo's stance is that no other provisions of the peace treaty are significant because all other problems were resolved six decades ago in a joint statement signed on October 19, 1956," Koshkin said.
© Sputnik/ Ekaterina Chesnokova Russia Champions a 'Pioneering' Solution by Promoting Cooperation With Japan Over Kurils
They added that "a peace treaty between two countries is always useful to both parties, but it is important, of course, under which conditions it was concluded."
Yury Byaly, for their part, said that "in modern-day reality, when the illusion of an onset of a globalized world is fading away and a return to state policies favoring national interests become more distinct, we can hardly overestimate the importance of such an instrument as a peace treaty."
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
A 70-year-old woman, who has been a nurse for more than 40 years, fears for their safety after having a gun pointed in their face during a robbery in their home.
Scroll for more content...
Just days after Henderson County Sheriff's investigators said 19-year-old Nicholas Pacilli shot into the woman's glass back doors and stole their purse, they want to share the story of how they know Pacilli, who, along with Dillon Schimmel and Javier Cervantes Jr., was charged in the case.
HENDERSON COUNTY, N.C. (WLOS) - A 70-year-old woman, who has been a nurse for more than 40 years, fears for their safety after having a gun pointed in their face during a robbery in their home.
Just days after Henderson County Sheriff's investigators said 19-year-old Nicholas Pacilli shot into the woman's glass back doors and stole their purse, they want to share the story of how they know Pacilli, who, along with Dillon Schimmel and Javier Cervantes Jr., was charged in the case.
"I haven't seen them in five or six years," they said. "But I once loved them like an adopted grandson."
They said Pacilli, wearing a make-shift ski mask, came into their home about 1 a.m. Jan. 27.
The woman was asleep when they heard what they thought was banging at my door.
"People know I'm a nurse," they said. "Neighbors know. I thought someone had come because they needed help."
But what they thought was banging was actually gunshots.
"I thought it was coming from the TV, but it wasn't. It was, 'pow, pow, pow, pow'. They put the gun right in my face, just basically inches away from my nose. They ran straight into the bedroom and grabbed my purse off my bed," the woman said.
They said years ago Pacilli was an honor student getting A's. But, they said, they got hooked on drugs and racked up criminal charges and an arrest record.
"I feel devastated at the fact I knew him," they said. "I loved him. I tried to help him, and the fact that they could come back and do this to me, I don't feel safe in my home anymore."
Warrants said Pacilli stole the victim's purse, which contained checkbooks, credit cards and prescription drugs, including the Oxycodone they said they use sparingly for chronic pain.
Pacilli's family said their downward spiral began with petty theft their father believed stemmed from wanting money to buy drugs. They said they could not reach their son and could not find anyone in the social services system who could help get them back on the right path.
Sheriffs investigators said since 2014, Pacilli has been arrested on such charges as breaking and entering, credit card fraud and possession of marijuana. Investigators said he's been in jail six times since 2014.
The victim, meanwhile, has mixed feelings about the 19-year-old they once knew. They care about them and thinks the criminal justice system is failing teens strung out out drugs who need long-term treatment. But, at the same time, they think they and the two other men charged in the robbery need to face serious penalties for what happened in their home.
"I'm very much a victim. I don't deserve what happened to me," they said. "If anything comes of this, and he's convicted, he's going to go to prison. What's they going to do in prison except sit there?"
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
TEHRAN (Sputnik) – Tehran plans to introduce a kind of bartering system with regard to trade by only purchasing goods from the countries that import Iranian oil amid US threats to reduce the Middle Eastern country's oil revenue to zero, Asadollah Qarekhani, representative of the Iranian parliament's energy committee, said on Wednesday.
"We will use a bartering system to exchange oil for goods. This means that we will make the purchase of goods conditional on oil sales. We are telling relevant markets and countries, which will purchase our oil, that we will buy goods in case they purchase our oil," Qarekhani told the ILNA news agency.
The formation of a working group on barter oil deals was underway in Iran, the lawmaker added.
READ MORE: Rouhani Warns US Against Undermining Iran's Oil Trade, Promises 'Consequences'
In late June, the US State Department said Washington would ask its allies, as well as China and India to cut off their imports of Iranian oil before early November, the United States planned to impose sanctions against Tehran.
© AFP 2018 / Karen BLEIER US Aims to Reduce Iranian Oil Revenue to Zero - State Dept.
On Monday, State Department Director of Policy Planning Brian Hook said the United States sought to reduce Iran's oil revenue to zero. However, Hook softened the initial US request to its partners to halt Iranian oil imports by saying that Washington would grant licenses and waivers to its allies that import Iranian oil on a case-by-case basis.
The US statements followed the nation's unilateral withdrawal from the Iranian nuclear deal, which seeks to make Tehran abandon its nuclear weapons program in exchange for sanctions relief.
Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield has been discussed by the Cleveland Browns as a serious candidate for the top overall pick of the 2018 NFL Draft, multiple media outlets reported.
Radio broadcast host Dan Patrick said on Monday that he's hearing the Browns are mulling between Wyoming quarterback Josh Allen or Mayfield, who is the reigning Heisman Trophy winner.
ESPN's Adam Schefter added the following over Twitter on Tuesday morning:
"(O)ne NFL executive said this morning that Baker Mayfield is 'definitely' in Cleveland's conversation to become the No. 1 overall pick."
Cleveland, which also owns the fourth overall pick, will be on the clock Thursday at the 2018 NFL Draft, which will be held at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
The Browns, who limped to an 0-16 mark last year and are 1-31 in the last two seasons, haven't fared well when selecting a quarterback with their first-round pick. Since 1999, the team has chosen the following: Kentucky's Tim Couch (No. 1 overall, 1999), Notre Dame's Brady Quinn (No. 22 overall, 2007), Oklahoma State's Brandon Weeden (No. 22 overall, 2012) and Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel (No. 22 overall, 2014).
NFLDraftScout.com senior analyst Rob Rang lists USC quarterback Sam Darnold first in their most recent Big Board. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, Penn State running back Saquon Barkley, Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson and North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb round out the top five.
Allen is ranked 10th by Rang, Mayfield is 14th and Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson is 15th.
Mayfield recently visited with the Browns, with general manager John Dorsey referring to the 23-year-old as a "pleasant fella" during their Thursday news conference.
Mayfield passed for 4,627 yards and accounted for 48 touchdowns with just six interceptions while leading Oklahoma to the College Football Playoff last season.
While that that is impressive, Mayfield is also linked to some less-than-stellar moments.
Mayfield planted the Sooner flag at midfield after winning at Ohio State and taunted Kansas fans as well. Those actions were preceded by a Feb. 25 arrest in Fayetteville, Ark., on charges of public intoxication, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and fleeing, which resulted in a plea deal.
Tyrod Taylor, who was the Buffalo Bills' primary quarterback over the last three seasons, was acquired by the Browns in the offseason. The 28-year-old Taylor played in 15 games for the Bills last year and completed 62.6 percent of their passes for 2,799 yards and 14 touchdowns with four interceptions.
Taylor is joined by quarterback Drew Stanton, who has started 17 games and appeared in 38 total during their NFL career with the Detroit Lions (2007-11), Indianapolis Colts (2012) and Arizona Cardinals (2013-17). They have completed 345 of 659 passes for 4,059 yards with 20 touchdowns.
© AFP 2016/ YASIN AKGUL Turkish Police Interrogate Taxi Driver Who Took Terrorist to Istanbul Club
The police reportedly arrested and interrogated 63 Daesh militants in different Turkish cities on December 28-31. They obtained information about a possible involvement of a citizen of Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan in the attack.
The Reina nightclub on Istanbul's European side was attacked during New Year's eve celebrations by a man who, according to witnesses, was talking in Arabic. The attacker is said to have opened fire from a Kalashnikov assault rifle. The manhunt is underway.
At least 39 people were killed, including 16 foreigners, and 69 injured as a result of the attack, according to the Turkish Interior Ministry.
As Californians woke up to the news of the shooting attack on Republican members of Congress in Alexandria, Virginia, reactions were already pouring in from many of California's top elected officials.
Top Democrats who have been the most vociferous critics of President Donald Trump and their policies abandoned their fiery “resistance” rhetoric and expressed uniform outrage at the shooting and sympathy for the victims.
As of 8:30AM PDT, neither California's Governor Jerry Brown (nor Assembly Speaker Rendon (D-Paramount) had posted an official comment on their Facebook or Twitter accounts, but the responses from the rest of California's top political leaders were virtually indistinguishable by party:
Rep. David Valadao (R-Hanford), who reportedly skipped the Republican Congressional baseball practice session in preparation for Thursday's game, focused their comments solely on their wounded colleague, Rep. Steve Scalise:
“Praying for @SteveScalise and staff injured in this morning's tragic incident. Thankful for our brave @CapitolPolice.”
California's senior US Senator, Democrat Diane Feinstein tweeted their outrage: “Horrified at the shooting in Alexandria. My thoughts and prayers with those injured.”
Freshman U.S. Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA) echoed Feinstein's sentiments: “Horrific. Praying for Steve Scalise, congressional staffers & Capitol Police who were shot in Virginia.”
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) of Bakersfield first tweeted their prayers: “Judy and I are praying deeply for our friend Steve, the members of Capitol Police, and staff who were wounded.”
They then announced housekeeping measures: “Given today's events, no votes are expected in the House today.”
Democrat Ted Lieu of Los Angeles offered prayers for the victims and condemned the shooting as “senseless.”
State Senate Leader Pro Tem Kevin DeLeón (D-Los Angeles) offered their thoughts and prayers as well, then finished their tweet on an edgier note, with what could be interpreted as a call for more gun control: “Gun Violence has no place in America.”
But it was Democrat Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) whose Twitter comment accompanying their official statement set the tone for the California delegation: “On days like today, there are no Democrats or Republicans, only Americans united in our thoughts for the wounded.”
They also stated: “This morning, the U.S. Congress suffered a despicable and cowardly attack. My thoughts and prayers are with Whip Steve Scalise and the others wounded, Capitol Police and staff, and their families.
“We are profoundly grateful for the heroism of the Capitol Police, whose bravery under fire undoubtedly saved countless lives. On days like today, there are no Democrats or Republicans, only Americans united in our hopes and prayers for the wounded.”
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for their new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. They ran for governor in 2014.
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter: @PatriotNotPol
Photo: AFP
French President Emmanuel Macron said Tuesday the door was "always open" for Britain to remain in the EU even after Prime Minister Theresa May said Brexit talks would begin next week.
"Of course the door is always open as long as the negotiations on Brexit have not finished," Macron said in a press conference.
But they stressed that the British people had taken the sovereign decision to leave the 28-member bloc in their referendum a year ago, adding that the start of talks was an important milestone.
"Once it (the Brexit process) has started we need to be collectively clear that it's more difficult to reverse course," they said at the Elysee palace.
May stressed that they would stick to their timetable of starting Brexit discussions next week in Brussels, saying the talks were "on course" despite their domestic difficulties.
Them Conservative party lost its parliamentary majority in a bungled snap election last week which some observers suggested might lead May to abandon their plans for a so-called "hard Brexit".
"I think there's a unity of purpose among people in the UK. It's a unity of purpose having voted to leave the EU that their government gets on with that and makes a success of it," they said.
May and Macron announced a joint action plan to crack down on extremism and terror propaganda online, accusing internet companies and social media networks of doing too little to tackle the scourge.
The measures aim "to ensure the internet cannot be used as a safe space for criminals and terrorists and it cannot be used to host the radicalizing material that leads to so much harm," May said.
Priorities include looking into encrypted communication platforms used by extremists to evade security forces and new laws to impose penalties on internet companies which fail to remove offensive content.
Facebook, Twitter and other social networks had long argued that they were unable to monitor content posted online by their users, but have grown increasingly sensitive to criticism.
Germany lawmakers recently introduced legislation requiring internet companies to remove content flagged as hate speech within 24 hours.
According to a Facebook post by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, "The operation followed a whistle blower's confidential alert received by the Commission's Lagos office this morning regarding some noticed suspicious movement of bags in and out of a particular apartment in the building. According to the source, the movers of the bags, make believe that they bring in bags of clothes."
© AP Photo/ Sunday Alamba At Least 4 Civilians Killed, 8 Injured in Attack in Northeast Nigeria - Police
The post continues, "Another source who is conversant with the apartment of interest indicated that a woman usually appeared on different occasions with Ghana Must Go bags. ‘She comes looking haggard, with dirty clothes but their skin didn't quite match their outward appearance, perhaps a disguise', the source said."
Along with $43 million, $75,000 in Nigerian naira and $35,000 in UK pounds were found in two of the apartment's four bedrooms.
Nigeria's anti-corruption campaign was first launched in December, encouraging citizens to use a secure online portal to report ethics violations. A whistleblower may also be entitled to a small percentage of recovered funds.
The purpose of the portal, according to the Finance Ministry's website, is "To manage the Nation's finances in an open, transparent, accountable and efficient manner that delivers on the country's development priorities."
So far the program has recovered over $160 million according to Nigerian Minister of Information Lai Mohammed.
Desperate times call for desperate measures, and with temperatures near the North Pole hitting an unheard-of 20°C (36°F) warmer than average last year, things in the Arctic are undeniably grim right now.
But rather than sit by and watch as the sea ice disappears from the region at an unprecedented rate, scientists have hatched a crazy plan to 'refreeze' the Arctic, by installing some 10 million wind-powered pumps over the ice cap to spray seawater over the surface and replenish the sea ice.
"Our only strategy at present seems to be to tell people to stop burning fossil fuels," lead researcher and Arizona State University physicist, Steven Desch, told The Guardian.
"It's a good idea, but it is going to need a lot more than that to stop the Arctic's sea ice from disappearing."
A new paper outlining the team's plan to 'refreeze' the Arctic estimates that 10 million wind-powered pumps could add an extra metre of sea ice onto the region's current layer, which would help protect it from the globe's rapidly increasing temperatures.
"Thicker ice would mean longer-lasting ice," they say. "In turn, that would mean the danger of all sea ice disappearing from the Arctic in summer would be reduced significantly."
The idea is to erect millions of wind-powered pumps around the Arctic region, which would disperse seawater onto the icy surface to freeze as an extra layer and thicken up the ice cap.
The team predicts that pumping 1.3 metres of water on the surface will result in the ice being thicker by 1 metre (3.2 feet). In other words, that's 7.5 kg per second of water (16.5 pounds), or 27 metric tonnes per hour.
"It is noteworthy that half of the Arctic sea ice currently has a mean annual thickness of only 1.5 metre [4.9 feet]," they report. "Adding 1 metre of ice in the course of one winter is a significant change."
They also note that adding 1 metre will be like pushing time back by 17 years.
"Implementation over the entire Arctic in the early 2030s - in one year adding 1 metre of ice - would reset the clock to the present day, instead of the largely ice-free summer state one expects by the 2030," they conclude.
But how many pumps would you need? That's when the numbers get mind-boggling:
"The area of the Arctic Ocean is about 107 km2 [41 miles2]. If the wind-powered pumps are to be distributed across 10 percent of that area, this would necessitate about 10 million wind-powered pumps; if distributed across the entire Arctic, about 100 million would be needed. [I]t would require a wind turbine with blades on order 6 metres in diameter [19 feet], with weight on the order of 4,000 kg of steel [8,818 pounds]. To keep this afloat would require the buoy contain a roughly equal weight of steel. As a round number, we estimate about 10,000 kg of steel [22,046 pounds] would be required per device."
They add that to build a fleet of 10 million pumps, it would require roughly 10 million tons of steel per year. If you wanted to deploy pumps over the entire Arctic, you'd need 100 million tons of steel per year.
For comparison, the US currently produces about 80 million tons of steel annually, and world production of steel is 1,600 million.
Yep, it's just... wow.
This isn't the first time that researchers have seriously considered 'geoengineering' the Arctic in response to human-caused warming.
Previous proposals have included artificially whitening the Arctic by dispersing bright aerosol particles over the ice to help reflect solar radiation back into space, or creating artificial clouds above the region that would prevent the heat from getting to the surface in the first place - something that NASA is about to do to investigate aurorae.
This new project has an estimated price tag of around US$500 billion, which means multiple governments around the world would have to commit funds to pay for the astronomical costs of setting up what is essentially a giant air-conditioning system around the Arctic.
But with the region warming faster than anywhere else on the planet right now, and political efforts to decrease CO2 emissions so far proving ineffective, the risk is we'll lose much of the Arctic's summer sea ice in the next couple of decades.
And that will have untold effects not just on the local ecosystems, but the world at large.
Not only would we lose already dwindling species like polar bears and Arctic cod, but if all that ice disappears, we'll lose one of the biggest mechanisms Earth has for reflecting solar radiation back into space.
As Mark Fischetti reports for Scientific American, the difference between Arctic temperatures and those seen across the midlatitudes of North America, Europe, and Asia last 2016 was the smallest in recorded history.
And that appears to be triggering extreme weather near the equator, such as heat waves, droughts, and heavy snowfalls, by causing big swings in the jet stream - ribbons of very strong winds that move weather systems around the globe.
"The records [for the Arctic] are astounding because there are so many of them. The extra warming that is happening up in the Arctic - the 'Arctic amplification' - has been the greatest we've ever seen," Jennifer Francis from the Institute of Marine and Coastal Sciences at Rutgers University told Fischetti.
"What we think is happening is that amplification is favouring these very wavy patterns in the jet stream. When those waves get large, we tend to see very persistent weather patterns across midlatitudes."
Extreme events that are being investigated for their connection to the Arctic messing with the jet stream are the California drought, recent 'snowmageddon' winters in the US and Siberia, and extreme flooding in the UK.
We're not just headed for some unprecedented and difficult-to-predict weather fluctuations - we're already living with them.
Desch argues that current government plans to curb the effects of climate change aren't going to be near enough to save the Arctic, because it's already warming twice as fast as climate models predicted only a few years ago.
"The situation is causing grave concern," Julienne Stroeve from University College London, who isn't involved in the project, told Robin McKie at The Guardian.
"It is now much more dire than even our worst case scenarios originally suggested."
Let's be real here - this project is so big, it's never going to happen in its current form. But maybe it's time humans considered taking a risk and tried something crazy - because we're starting to see just how dangerous it's going to be to stick to the status quo.
The project has been outlined in Earth's Future.
RILEY COUNTY –Two people were injured in accident during a pursuit by law enforcement just before 3p.m. on Tuesday in Riley County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2009 Lexus driven by Robert N. McGinley, 26, Lee's Summit, MO., was westbound on Kansas 18 near south 6th and Fort Riley Boulevard fleeing from Rossville Police.
The vehicle went left of center and collided with a 2002 Chevy passenger vehicle drive by Hober, David F. Hober, 35, Manhattan.
McGinley and Hober were transported to Via Christi in Manhattan. Hober was properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
Brackley Town Saints visited Saw Mills End hoping for a repeat performance and scoreline to last season where they outplayed their hosts on way to a 5-2 win.
However Longlevens were in a buoyant mood and quickly went into a 2-0 lead.
Jonty Welch swept the ball into the bottom left corner from 15 yards to set the hosts on their way.
Shaun O'Connor went one better and drove the ball from 30 yards into the same corner for Longlevens second.
Brackley got themselves back into the game just before half time when a great run and pass through the midfield found its way to Josh Bowden who turned and drilled a low effort into the bottom corner.
Longlevens started the second half as they had the first and asserted their dominance through extending their lead.
A long ball over the top found O'Connor who was able to hold off the defender and square to Brad Martin who finished for their fifth goal in four games to make it 3-1.
Roles were reversed for Longlevens next goal when a cross from Martin to the back post was nodded in by O'Connor for their second of the game, and that seemed to be the game sawn up for Longlevens.
Brackley however kept going and pulled one back as Bowden arched a run through the Levens back four and finished well on the angle for 4-2.
Soon after is 4-3 when Wintle brought down Bowden for a penalty.
They dusted themselves off to covert theirs and Brackley third and make the last 20 minutes if the game a closer contest than it should of been from a Longlevens perspective.
Longlevens: Wintle, Dunn, Phillips, Kavanagh, Beaton (c), Turner (Vanstone 75), O'Connor, Welch (Kennedy 60), Merrick (Smyllie 80), Rich, Martin subs: Sausman, Martin.
* Longlevens play Fairford Town away on Wednesday night.
Last week, Ottawa's medical officer of health, Dr. Isra Levy, pledged Ottawa Public Health's support for “new evidence-based approaches” to combat the problems caused by illegal drugs including – wait for it – decriminalization.
City Coun. Mathieu Fleury said,“It's a crazy thought, but it's a crazy thought that might actually have some merit.”
Fleury should be commended. Where Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson had cast off the shackles of evidence-based thinking to stand against the city's first safe consumption site, Fleury's open mindedness is a breath of fresh air.
But Fleury is wrong on one point. Decriminalization of all drugs is not a crazy idea at all. If you care about saving lives, if you care about ending the cycle of addiction, if you care about keeping our communities safe, if you care about fiscal responsibility, or even if you only care about cracking down on crime – decriminalization makes sense.
But first let's look at our current drug policy: criminalization.
There is no need to engage in an exhaustive review of the history of Canadian drug policy. One need not trace the lineage of the 1908 Opium Act through to modern-day mandatory minimum drug sentences to conclude that the criminalization of narcotics has failed to eliminate drugs. The spoils of the tough-on-crime drug war are laid bare on our streets and in our jails.
Sadly, the war on drugs has also done nothing to eliminate the disastrous harms associated with narcotics. In 2011, the Supreme Court of Canada considered a subset of these harms, those associated with injectable drug use, in Vancouver's downtown eastside.
A survey of approximately 1,000 intravenous drug users demonstrated the ills associated with drug use. On average, the surveyed users had been addicted to injectable drugs for 15 years. Eighty-seven per cent were infected with hepatitis C virus (HCV) and 17 per cent with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Twenty per cent were homeless, 80 per cent had been incarcerated, 38 per cent were involved in the sex trade, and 59 per cent reported a non-fatal overdose in their lifetime. Of course, those who had died due to overdose were not captured by the survey's conclusions.
So, the war on drugs has not eliminated narcotics. It has not reduced the amount of drug crime. It has not reduced the harms that drugs inflict on our society.
In other words, the world's so-called war on drugs has been a complete and abject failure.
Canada has a drug problem, but it is a problem of policy. Canadian politicians are still waging an out-dated war.
Decriminalization is a simple idea. Simply put: We should not arrest and jail addicts, we should instead focus the criminal law on importers and traffickers.
From a public health perspective, criminalization of addiction drives drug users into the shadows of back allies – further from treatment programs.
Last year almost 2,500 Canadians died from opioid-related overdoses. Criminalization does nothing to deter drug use, it is an ineffective way to rehabilitate addicts, and it does nothing to save lives.
From a financial perspective, criminalization is damn expensive. It can cost more than $600 a day to incarcerate an addict and that's before policing and justice system expenses are accounted for. Harm reduction, treatment and prevention cost less and do more good.
And what if you are “tough on crime”? Let's leave aside the disingenuous notion that addicts are criminals. After all, they are only criminals because we say they are. Decriminalization allows police resources to be focused on the criminal organizations that import and sell drugs. Criminal laws do nothing to deter addiction so it only makes sense to focus criminal law where it can actually make a difference.
The history of the criminalization of addiction has been a policy that has disproportionately affected poor and racialized communities. It has done nothing to stop drug use. It has resulted in death and public health catastrophes. It diverts resources away from tackling organized crime. And all of this without any corresponding benefit.
Decriminalization is not a crazy idea. But it is crazy that more politicians – such as Mayor Watson – don't publicly support it.
Michael Spratt is a partner at the Ottawa firm Abergel Goldstein & Partners and an award-winning blogger and podcaster.
There's been some brutal rough stuff, big crowds and a 37-year-old is about to make their AFLW debut.
Pune: At least two persons were killed and two injured in an explosion at the ordnance factory here on Thursday morning, police said.
The explosion, the cause of which is not yet known, occurred in the Ministry of Defence's Ordnance Factory Dehu Road (OFDR), in Khadki area of the city, around 9.30 a.m., said an official of Khadki Police Station.
Two persons, believed to be workers shifting some explosive material, perished in the blast.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) stressed on Tuesday that the key for Democrats in the 2018 midterms is to focus on the “economic instability for so many people” in the country. But an increasing number of liberals are getting concerned that the media's and the Democrats' focus on all things Stormy Daniels will hurt Democrats in the 2018 midterm elections.
When asked on Saturday evening if there is a “concern” or “danger” that Stormy Daniels will overshadow the Democrats' message on the economy, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) told CNN's Van Jones, “absolutely.” Sanders also criticized the media, the Democrats' tag team partner, for overplaying all things Daniels.
The Atlantic's Ron Browstein also argued that the legacy media's obsession with Daniels could block the party's economic message from getting through to critical swing voters.
The left-leaning analyst noted that the “intense media attention” on Stormy Daniels “might not actually move many more voters than they already have, and the economic message pushed by Democrats—one that's rooted, in part, in the tax bill—is having a hard time breaking through.”
They claimed Democrats would have a much easier path to taking back the House if it could also “capture at least some Republican-held seats that are more blue-collar and non-urban, in places like upstate New York, downstate Illinois, and Iowa.” More importantly, as Brownstein noted, “winning working-class voters is even more essential for Democrats in the Senate,” where the party is defending seats in states Trump won in 2016 like West Virginia, North Dakota, Montana, Missouri, and Indiana.”
But the economic messages that can win Democrats some of these Trump voters “now rarely break through the tabloid maelstrom constantly engulfing Trump,” Brownstein argued, pointing out that is “isn't clear that the case against Trump's values is a winning argument in those places.”
“In other words: For a sunny outcome this fall, Democrats probably need more health care and taxes—and less Comey and Stormy,” they concluded.
Though some Democrats still want to double down on Stormy Daniels, recent polling has found that only 23 percent of Americans believe Daniels is an important issue while Trump's support among white evangelicals has hit an all-time high.
Police on Friday arrested a teacher after a complaint that they assaulted a 10-year-old student during school hours in Limassol.
The complaint was made by the child's mother after they realized their son had bruises on their arm and back. They reported that the teacher grabbed their child by the clothes violently for no apparent reason whilst also throwing the kid's chair across the room.
The police press office said the incident happened on Thursday morning and that a police investigation is underway.
“We arrested the teacher and they are now being interrogated about the incident. We are currently investigating the charge of causing actual bodily harm” the press officer told the Cyprus Mail.
The child was taken to the general hospital in Limassol, where the doctor who examined them confirmed the bruises on their arms and back.
May 2 Hudson's Bay Co
* HBC announces departure of chief financial officer
* Hudson's bay co - Paul Beesley, has made decision to resign in early july
* Hudson's Bay Co - Beesley will continue in their role over next two months to ensure a smooth transition
* Company has engaged a executive search firm to assist in recruiting a new cfo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Subatomic
Look closer at science
Read more
From astrophysics to nanotechnology, make sense of the big science news
NEW YORK (AP) - Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Facebook Inc., down $12.53 to $172.56
The social media company faced new criticism after reports a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users.
CACI International Inc., down $11.85 to $145.60
The defense contractor offered to buy CSRA for $7.2 billion, challenging a deal between CSRA and General Dynamics.
Orbotech Ltd., up $4.09 to $63.99
KLA-Tencor agreed to buy the company, which makes equipment for electronics manufacturers, for about $1.88 billion.
Stewart Information Services Corp., up $1.89 to $42.61
The title insurance and real estate services company said it will be bought by Fidelity National Financial for about $1.2 billion.
GGP Inc., down 20 cents to $21.52
Reuters reported that Brookfield Property Partners made a new offer for the shopping mall operator.
Universal Display Corp., down $15 to $109
Bloomberg News reported that Apple is designing and making display screens and may stop buying them from other companies.
Newell Brands Inc., down $1.87 to $26.79
The consumer products company announced a deal with activist investor Carl Icahn, who will nominate four directors to its board.
Alphabet Inc., down $34.35 to $1,100.07
Technology companies fared worse than the rest of the market Monday.
Around 25,000 homes in Perth are currently without power after a suspected lightning strike caused the network to cut out.
Western Power said the incident triggered safety devices in the network but there did not appear to be any damage.
At the peak 25,000 homes and businesses were affected but that number has already been reduced to under 12,000.
Technicians are currently trying to restore power to the homes.
“We would ask for customer patience as we safely restore the remaining homes,” Western Power said. “Some customers may take longer that predicted times on the Western Power website if damage is discovered.”
The effects suburbs are: Byford, Armadale, Brookdale, Seville Grove, Bedfordale, Hilbert, Serpentine, Mt Nasura, Mt Richon and Oakford.
If anyone sees a fallen powerline or damage to the network from storms they should make the Safe Call to Western Power on 13 13 51 and stay at least 8 meters away.
Weather forecasters say Perth is set for a very stormy Thursday with up to 10mm of rain expected to fall in parts of the metro area and a chance of a thunderstorm later in the afternoon.
LARRY LAGE
AP Sports Writer
EAST LANSING (AP) — Alvin Ellis scored 15 of their 18 points with a 3-point barrage in the first half and Michigan State went on to beat Ohio State 74-66 Tuesday night.
Miles Bridges had 17 points and 11 rebounds and Nick Ward scored 15 for Michigan State (16-10, 8-5 Big Ten), which has won four of five.
The Buckeyes (15-12, 5-9) have lost four of six.
Ohio State's Marc Loving scored 22 points and reserve JaQuan Lyle scored all 10 of their points in the first half.
Ellis made five 3-pointers in a 3:38 span of the first half, helping the Spartans take a 21-12 lead and stunning the crowd because the senior was averaging just six points a game.
The Buckeyes later scored 10 straight to take the lead before falling behind 40-34 at halftime.
The Spartans scored the first six points of the second half, building a 12-point lead. Ohio State, once again, rallied with a 17-6 run to pull within one point.
Michigan State finished off the Buckeyes by outscoring them 12-2 to take an 11-point lead and they were able to keep a comfortable cushion.
Ellis made their first five 3-pointers, surpassing their previous career high of three. They finished 6 of 9 beyond the arc and 6 of 11 overall, falling two points shy of their career high.
BIG PICTURE
Ohio State: The Buckeyes, who played in the NIT last season, are in danger of failing to make the NCAA Tournament in two straight seasons for the first time since Thad Matta took over the program in 2004.
Michigan State: The Spartans have improved their chances of extending their NCAA Tournament streak to 20 with their recent surge of success.
UP NEXT:
Ohio State: Host Nebraska on Saturday.
Michigan State: Play at No. 16 Purdue on Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball at http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Verday Chlorophyll Water introduced a new flavor joining its lineup: Blueberry. The fifth flavor in the lineup, Verday Blueberry does not contain calories, diet sweeteners, GMOs or preservatives, the company says. Each bottle contains 100 mg of chlorophyll, it adds. The product is packaged in single, 16-ounce bottles, which have a suggested retail price of $3.18, and in 12-packs of 16-ounce bottles that retail for $39.99 in select markets.
Verday Chlorophyll Water, New York
Internet: www.drinkverday.com
Distribution: Select markets and online
NEW COMPUTER MODEL: Dr. Jane Lixin Dai, theoretical astrophysicist and assistant professor and Prof. Enrico Ramirez-Ruiz, both from the DARK Cosmology Center at the Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, have recently provided the scientific community with a much-needed computer model. It is necessary for the investigation of Tidal Disruption Events - rare, but extremely forceful events taking place in the center of galaxies.
In the figure we see a cross-section of what happens when the material from the disrupted star is devoured by the black hole. An accretion disk is formed (disk) by the material. There is too much material for it to pass into the black hole at once. It is heated up in the process and emits vast amounts of light and radiation, visible from Earth (Double arrow). Dr. Jane Dai's computer model takes the difference in viewing angle from Earth into account, which means we are now able to categorize the variations in observations correctly. This means we can study the properties of the black hole, and learn about a celestial body we would otherwise not be able to see.
Tidal disruption events
In the center of every big galaxy, there is a supermassive black hole, millions to billions times heavier than the Sun. However, it is difficult to observe the majority of them, as they don't emit any light or radiation. This only happens, when some form of material is pulled into the extremely strong gravitational field of the black hole. On rare occasions, actually as rare as once in every 10.000 years for one galaxy, a star passes very close by the supermassive black hole, and the gravity of the black hole tears it apart. This type of fatal event is called a tidal disruption event.
When a tidal disruption event happens, the black hole will be "overfed" with stellar debris for a while. "It is interesting to see how materials get their way into the black hole under such extreme conditions," says Dr. Jane Dai who has led the study. "As the black hole is eating the stellar gas, a vast amount of radiation is emitted. The radiation is what we can observe, and using it we can understand the physics and calculate the black hole properties. This makes it extremely interesting to go hunting for tidal disruption events."
A unification model
While the same physics is expected to happen in all tidal disruption events, the observed properties of these events have shown great variation: Some emitting mostly X-ray emissions, while others mainly emitting visible light and UV. It has been in high demand to understand this diversity and assemble these very different pieces of the puzzle. In the model, it is the viewing angle of the observer that has set the difference. Astronomers observe everything from Earth, but the galaxies are oriented randomly across the universe. "It is like there is a veil that covers part of a beast. From some angles we see an exposed beast, but from other angles we see a covered beast. The beast is the same, but our perceptions are different," said Prof. Enrico Ramirez-Ruiz, a co-author on the study.
Jane Lixin Dai, theoretical astrophysicist at DARK Cosmology Centre and Niels Bohr International Academy at the Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, has long wanted a computer model that makes it possible to calculate black hole properties.
With the model Dr. Dai and their collaborators put together, combining elements from general relativity, magnetic field, radiation and gas, we now have a measure of what we expect to see when we are viewing tidal disruption events from different angles. This also allows us to put different events into a coherent framework. "We will observe hundreds to thousands of tidal disruption events in a few years. This will give us a lot of "laboratories" to test our model and use it to understand more about black holes," said Dr. Dai.
Collaboration and perspectives
This work has been made possible by the collaboration between Dr. Jane Dai from the DARK Cosmology Centre at the Niels Bohr Institute (NBI), Prof. Enrico Ramirez-Ruiz from both NBI and the University of California at Santa Cruz (UCSC), as well as researchers from the University of Maryland: Prof. Jonathan McKinney, Dr. Nathaniel Roth, and Prof. Cole Miller. In particular, state-of-the-art computational tools were employed to solve the puzzle. These simulations were carried out by Dr. Dai and Dr. Roth, on the recently acquired large computer cluster made possible by the Villum Grant from Professor Jens Hjorth, head of DARK Cosmology Centre, as well as clusters funded by NSF and NASA.
This breakthrough has provided a new perspective to the fast-growing research field. "Only in the last decade or so have we been able to distinguish TDEs from other galactic phenomena, and the model by Dr. Dai will provide us with the basic framework for understanding these rare events", says Prof. Enrico Ramirez-Ruiz.
In coming years, the Young Supernova Experiment (YSE) transient survey, led by DARK and UCSC, together with other telescopes such as the Large Synoptic Survey Telescopes being built in Chile, will give us access to much more data, and help greatly to expand this field of research.
###
Lixin Dai, Assistant professor, Dark Cosmology Centre and NBIA, Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, Email: lixin.dai@nbi.ku.dk, Phone: +45 35 33 29 33
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market: Overview
The primary function of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is to act as a surfactant in a detergent. It falls under the class of alkyl benzene sulfonates and is one of the commonly used synthetic anionic surfactants in detergent powders and formulations. The class of alkyl benzene sulfonates is sometimes known as detergent alkylate.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-dodecylbenzenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is an anionic surfactant; therefore, it possesses negatively charged hydrophilic group. Anionic surfactants are the widely used type of surfactants in shampoos and laundering and dishwashing liquids. They are preferred especially because of their property of keeping the dirt away from fabrics once it is removed.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are the type of anions that can exist in six isomers (with the exception of optical isomers). This property is contributed by the carbon of dodecyl chain that is attached at the fourth position on the benzene sulfonate group. Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are generally produced as a mixture of these related sulfonates.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate, with chemical formula C12H25C6H4SO3Na, is colorless salt. It is a sodium salt of dodecylbenzene sulfonic acid. The commonly implemented method for production of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is as follows: First, benzene is alkylated by dodecene (a long chain monoalkene) with the help of catalyst hydrogen fluoride. Then, the purified dodecylbenzenes (and related derivatives that are formed) are sulfonated with sulfur trioxide to produce sulfonic acid. This sulfonic acid is afterward neutralized with sodium hydroxide.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20924
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market Trends
Most sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates belong to the lineal alkyl benzene sulfonates group, which means that the dodecyl group (C12H25) is unbranched. There exists linear as well as branched isomers. However, branched isomers take more time to biodegrade in comparison to the linear ones. This trend is supported by studies that propose that biodegradability is influenced by the isomerization (branching). It is found that the salts formed by linear isomers are more toxic than branched ones, but the former compounds are able to biodegrade far more rapidly than the latter, which makes them a safer choice over time.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
A man drowned Sunday afternoon while saving a child in Zebulon.
Scroll for more content...
Zebulon police said a 36-year-old man, who was not identified, swam out to help a young boy near the Little River dam at about 6:15 p.m.
"Our investigation, at this point, tells us there was s 7-year-old boy or 8-year-old boy that was swimming. The child got into some sort of trouble while swimming. This gentleman jumped in the water to try and help the boy and was able to help the boy get into more shallow water, but then they disappeared under the water himself," said Chief Timothy Hayworth with Zebulon police.
Police said two people jumped in to pull the man from the water and they began performing CPR. Emergency responders tried for an hour to resuscitate the man, but were unsuccessful.
"We really don't have those answers yet, but we do know they were attempting to do something heroic and in fact did. That [boy] is fine and has been checked out by EMS and is OK," Hayworth said.
Every Tuesday from 4:30 to 5:00 pm on 580 Sports Talk the guys will talk all things KU athletics on our Jayhawk Weekly Report.
Jesse Newell of the Kansas City Star joins the show to break down the latest news and notes for KU athletics.
What is the latest news on the FBI investigation, what will happen with Silvio De Sousa, will Udoka Azubuike stay in the draft, plus the latest news on the Romeo Langford front, what is Jesse expecting the Commission of College Basketball committee to say.
The Museum of the Bible in Washington, DC, has acquired one of President Trump's two Bibles that they used to take the oath of office on Inauguration Day, 2017.
Trump's childhood Bible will join several other Bibles used by American presidents that are currently on display at the privately-funded museum.
“We are honored to add this piece of our nation's history to our growing exhibit of presidential Bibles,” Museum of the Bible President Cary Summers said in a statement. “It is our hope that guests will be able to learn not only about each president's unique Bible, but also about the influence this book has had on government and elected officials around the world.”
The 45th president used the Revised Standard Version (RSV) Bible several times throughout the 2016 campaign and during their inauguration ceremony, where the Bible rested on top of President Abraham Lincoln's Bible while they took the oath of office. The Lincoln Bible had been used for President Lincoln's swearing-in ceremony in 1861.
Trump carried the Bible—which their mother Mary Anne gave to him—to their Sunday School classes at First Presbyterian Church in Queens, New York.
“My mother gave me this Bible, this very Bible, many years ago,” Trump said in a campaign video from Trump Tower. “In fact it's their writing right here. They wrote the name and my address, and it's just very special to me.”
The Museum of the Bible placed the president's Bible alongside the Bibles of several other presidents—including Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush—in the museum's “Bible in the World” exhibit on the second floor.
The D.C.-based museum opened to the public in November.
Researchers at Caltech have developed an artificial neural network made out of DNA that can solve a classic machine learning problem: correctly identifying handwritten numbers. The work is a significant step in demonstrating the capacity to program artificial intelligence into synthetic biomolecular circuits.
The work was done in the laboratory of Lulu Qian, assistant professor of bioengineering. A paper describing the research appears online on July 4 and in the July 19 print issue of the journal Nature.
"Though scientists have only just begun to explore creating artificial intelligence in molecular machines, its potential is already undeniable," says Qian. "Similar to how electronic computers and smart phones have made humans more capable than a hundred years ago, artificial molecular machines could make all things made of molecules, perhaps including even paint and bandages, more capable and more responsive to the environment in the hundred years to come."
Artificial neural networks are mathematical models inspired by the human brain. Despite being much simplified compared to their biological counterparts, artificial neural networks function like networks of neurons and are capable of processing complex information. The Qian laboratory's ultimate goal for this work is to program intelligent behaviors (the ability to compute, make choices, and more) with artificial neural networks made out of DNA.
"Humans each have over 80 billion neurons in the brain, with which they make highly sophisticated decisions. Smaller animals such as roundworms can make simpler decisions using just a few hundred neurons. In this work, we have designed and created biochemical circuits that function like a small network of neurons to classify molecular information substantially more complex than previously possible," says Qian.
To illustrate the capability of DNA-based neural networks, Qian laboratory graduate student Kevin Cherry chose a task that is a classic challenge for electronic artificial neural networks: recognizing handwriting.
Human handwriting can vary widely, and so when a person scrutinizes a scribbled sequence of numbers, the brain performs complex computational tasks in order to identify them. Because it can be difficult even for humans to recognize others' sloppy handwriting, identifying handwritten numbers is a common test for programming intelligence into artificial neural networks. These networks must be "taught" how to recognize numbers, account for variations in handwriting, then compare an unknown number to their so-called memories and decide the number's identity.
In the work described in the Nature paper, Cherry, who is the first author on the paper, demonstrated that a neural network made out of carefully designed DNA sequences could carry out prescribed chemical reactions to accurately identify "molecular handwriting." Unlike visual handwriting that varies in geometrical shape, each example of molecular handwriting does not actually take the shape of a number. Instead, each molecular number is made up of 20 unique DNA strands chosen from 100 molecules, each assigned to represent an individual pixel in any 10 by 10 pattern. These DNA strands are mixed together in a test tube.
"The lack of geometry is not uncommon in natural molecular signatures yet still requires sophisticated biological neural networks to identify them: for example, a mixture of unique odor molecules comprises a smell," says Qian.
Given a particular example of molecular handwriting, the DNA neural network can classify it into up to nine categories, each representing one of the nine possible handwritten digits from 1 to 9.
First, Cherry built a DNA neural network to distinguish between handwritten 6s and 7s. They tested 36 handwritten numbers and the test tube neural network correctly identified all of them. Their system theoretically has the capability of classifying over 12,000 handwritten 6s and 7s--90 percent of those numbers taken from a database of handwritten numbers used widely for machine learning--into the two possibilities.
Crucial to this process was encoding a "winner take all" competitive strategy using DNA molecules, developed by Qian and Cherry. In this strategy, a particular type of DNA molecule dubbed the annihilator was used to select a winner when determining the identity of an unknown number.
"The annihilator forms a complex with one molecule from one competitor and one molecule from a different competitor and reacts to form inert, unreactive species," says Cherry. "The annihilator quickly eats up all of the competitor molecules until only a single competitor species remains. The winning competitor is then restored to a high concentration and produces a fluorescent signal indicating the networks' decision."
Next, Cherry built upon the principles of their first DNA neural network to develop one even more complex, one that could classify single digit numbers 1 through 9. When given an unknown number, this "smart soup" would undergo a series of reactions and output two fluorescent signals, for example, green and yellow to represent a 5, or green and red to represent a 9.
Qian and Cherry plan to develop artificial neural networks that can learn, forming "memories" from examples added to the test tube. This way, Qian says, the same smart soup can be trained to perform different tasks.
"Common medical diagnostics detect the presence of a few biomolecules, for example cholesterol or blood glucose." says Cherry. "Using more sophisticated biomolecular circuits like ours, diagnostic testing could one day include hundreds of biomolecules, with the analysis and response conducted directly in the molecular environment."
###
The paper is titled "Scaling up molecular pattern recognition with DNA-based winner-take-all neural networks." Funding was provided by the National Science Foundation, the Burroughs Wellcome Fund, and the Shurl and Kay Curci Foundation.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for their beard as their devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed them looking a mixture of excited and nervous as they gazed at their son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like their third post-season start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in their first two trips to the plate, giving them five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked them in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in their first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: "Altuve, He's Pretty Good."
Boston also gave them a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to them in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped their fist after striking them out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, their average in the series is .714.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Betts looks as if they might have hurt their wrist on a swing in the eighth inning. They finished the at-bat, but the Red Sox were looking at him.
UP NEXT
Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88 ERA), who pitched for the Astros last season, will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday. The Astros have yet to announce their Game 3 starter.
By Kristie Rieken, The Associated Press
The newest governor of Kansas, Republican Jeff Colyer, says it's time to change the tone around Topeka. They say that includes reaching across the aisle and working with democrats.
"What we said is, 'We want to work with you. We're going to have some differences, but we need to get some things done,'" said Governor Colyer.
The governor spent Friday in Pittsburg talking about their administration's top priorities.
"Economy is Job #1. That's what I'm interested in. And I'm interested in this in the long run. It's not just change a little tax or something like that. We've got to attract businesses," said Governor Colyer.
The governor is also a doctor, so it's no surprise improving Kansas healthcare is another one of their goals.
"I really want to focus on more doctors, making sure that our communities are growing, and that healthcare is available in the state," said Governor Colyer.
The governor also took time to address an issue that's on the mind of many Kansans: education funding.
"I'm committed to education. I made some pledges on the very first day. And that was: I will not allow our schools to be closed. We're not closing down government. We don't work like Washington does," said Governor Colyer.
The governor says that in the coming weeks, Kansas can expect some new proposals addressing state education from their administration and the legislature. Fortunately, they have some good news to start of the new governor's tenure.
"We're about $250 million up in revenue in the state, and our collections are doing better," said Governor Colyer.
CLEVELAND, Ohio (May 30, 2018)--Hormones affect just about everything that goes on in a woman's body, from reproductive function and sexual libido to weight gain and overall mood. A new study shows how, in the right dosage and combination, hormones also may slow cognitive decline in mail carriersopausal women as they age. The study is being published online today in Menopause, the journal of The North American Menopause Society (NAMS).
It comes as no surprise that cognitive function declines as we age. We recognize memory decline in a number of ways, such as not being able to remember a grocery list as easily as we once did. Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is defined as that intermediate stage between normal aging and dementia. Persons with MCI have an increased risk of progressing to Alzheimer disease or other dementia, with roughly 20% of this population crossing over from MCI to a more severe level each year. To date, no pharmacologic treatment has proven effective in managing MCI.
The article "Menopausal hormone therapy and mild cognitive impairment: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial" reviews the results from a recent Korean study regarding the effect of hormone therapy on cognitive function. The study followed mail carriersopausal women who were diagnosed with MCI and taking donepezil over a 24-month period and showed that cognitive test scores for the women who received hormone therapy significantly increased during that time. Although the study group was small, the study offers promising results, demonstrating that the combination of transdermal estradiol and an oral progesterone can slow down cognitive decline. This is the first known study to evaluate the effect of hormone therapy on MCI.
"This encouraging, small pilot trial suggests a possible benefit of hormone therapy when given to women diagnosed with MCI who are also taking donepezil, a cholinesterase inhibitor," says Dr. JoAnn Pinkerton, executive director of NAMS. "Higher global cognition was seen in two of the three key evaluation criteria in those women using estradiol gel plus an oral micronized progesterone compared with those in the placebo group. Larger trials are needed to evaluate the effect of hormone therapy use before the full onset of Alzheimer disease."
###
For more information about menopause and healthy aging, visit http://www. menopause. org .
Skeleton of beached rorqual gets new home in Ghent Cathedral
The skeleton of Leo, the rorqual that was washed up in the Port of Ghent, East Flanders has been given a new home. From today Leo will spend several months at Saint-Bavo's Cathedral. The cathedral is one of four locations in the city that will be displaying items of special scientific interest as part of an exhibition by the University of Ghent.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Skeleton of beached rorqual gets new home in Ghent Cathedral
The skeleton of Leo, the rorqual that was washed up in the Port of Ghent, East Flanders has been given a new home. From today Leo will spend several months at Saint-Bavo's Cathedral. The cathedral is one of four locations in the city that will be displaying items of special scientific interest as part of an exhibition by the University of Ghent.
CBS Local — Many people go to an aquarium to look at the whales but researchers say one killer whale in France would be happy to have a conversation with you too. A 14-year-old orca name Wikie has learned to imitate human speech through the use of their blowhole.
The orca, living at the Marineland aquarium in Antibes, France, has copied several phrases like “hello,” “bye-bye,” “one, two, three,” and even people's names. “We wanted to see how flexible a killer whale can be in copying sounds,” the University of St. Andrews' Josep Call said, via The Guardian.
According to the tests Wikie took, the amazing mammal successfully copied all of the sounds researchers asked them to mimic within the first 10 tries. Wikie reportedly mastered saying hello on the first attempt.
“The results reported here show that killer whales have evolved the ability to control sound production and qualify as open-ended vocal learners,” the scientists wrote in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
The talkative Wikie is reportedly the first orca to be trained to repeat human sounds. The captive whale is still working their pronunciation however, as the study reports they accurately said “hello” about half of the time and “bye-bye” once every five tries.
Biologists are now working to see if Wikie and other mammals who have learned to mimic human speech actually understand the meaning of the words they're “saying.” Another study, examining an elephant that learned to speak, concluded that animals use their new-found skill more as a way of bonding with humans rather than actually talking to humans.
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it's that time to celebrate with friends and family. Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city.
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa. Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court, you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area.
Much has been said on the leaked Apple N84 (codename Star) over the last few days. But, unlike many rumoured devices in the past, the one thing that nobody seems sure of is what the Star actually is.
Some sources claim that the Apple Star is a laptop/tablet hybrid, using an ARM processing architecture and, possibly, iOS as the operating system.
Some say that it is a new 12-inch MacBook, that also switches to the ARM architecture in order to improve power consumption and efficiency.
And some simply say it's the codename for the cheapest of the three previously rumoured new iPhones.
Of these, the hybrid option seems the less likely. Apple has made significant strides with its iPad Pro tablets, and has specifically focused on their ability to work well with attachable keyboards. Why would it want to release a similar, rival device to those at this stage? Especially as we expect a couple of all-new iPad Pro models to be released later this year, with Face ID technology on-board.
A more efficient MacBook is a more interesting proposition.
As reported by 9to5Mac, Digitimes and others, Apple supplier Pegatron has allegedly been tasked with building an ARM-based MacBook.
Apple traditionally uses Intel chips in its MacBook products, but switching to an ARM architecture could be the way forward for the company's most portable notebook range. In addition, the Star (N84) has been rumoured to adopt LTE (4G) technology for mobile connectivity, which would make sense if ARM is utilised.
Another hint towards the possibility that the Star relates to a MacBook is that different sources say it will feature an EFI boot system - which generally features on MacBook variants. iOS devices use iBoot.
The final option is probably the simplest. Mark Gurman of Bloomberg claims that the Apple N84 is, in fact, the cheaper, LCD iPhone model planned for release later this year.
I'm told this “N84” device is actually the low-cost LCD iPhone that looks like an iPhone X. https://t.co/KU0xhfkkHe https://t.co/YqiGMLHacb — Mark Gurman (@markgurman) May 26, 2018
Considering Gurman's track record of getting Apple info spot on, this is the most likely outcome. It's also the most boring though.
Maybe we'll find out more at WWDC in a week's time.
Recommended Mac Cleaning Software: See CleanMyMac 3 in action on your Mac ( Try it free ). It has all the tools to take care of your system. Full cleaning, optimization, health monitoring, and even more to help your Mac run at full speed. You can uninstall unwanted apps, fix system errors, and improve performance — just in a few clicks. During a full scan with CleanMyMac, the average user finds about 74 GB of junk to clear out. Reclaim more free space on your hard drive and make your Mac as good as new.
Bowerman stood in the ambulance bay with the senior doctor on duty and steadied their breath. When they looked up, a row of ambulance lights dotted the roadway leading to the hospital. It was the first time they saw some sign of the scope of the mass shooting that had rained down on a country music concert 5 miles from the driveway where they paced.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (AP) - Around the Notre Dame locker room, Kathryn Westbeld is known as "The Glue" because they do a little bit of everything for Muffet McGraw's Irish.
By halftime of Sunday's second-round women's NCAA Tournament game against pesky Villanova, a visibly angry McGraw and Westbeld, watching with a sprained left ankle, had seen enough.
Enter "Super Glue." Exit Villanova as the Irish ran away for a 98-72 victory that sent them into regional semifinals for the ninth straight season.
"She changed the course of the game," McGraw said after 31-3 Notre Dame, which had struggled just to get a 45-45 halftime tie against the outside-shooting Wildcats (23-9), outscored them 53-27 in the second half. "I thought we defended a lot better in the second half and with Kathryn we're a very different team."
Jessica Shepard had their fourth straight double-double with 25 points and 10 rebounds to lead Notre Dame. Arike Ogunbowale and Jackie Young had 24 points each and Marina Mabrey added 15 for the Irish (31-3), who won their 25th straight game at Purcell Pavilion.
In 16 minutes, Westbeld scored just two points and had six rebounds but they left to a standing ovation and got a heartfelt hug from their coach, both of them fighting back tears as they realized it was Westbeld's last game on their home court.
"She was in a boot before the game," McGraw said. "I thought it was a motivating and inspiring moment for the team."
Westbeld turned their ankle early in Notre Dame's 99-81 first-round victory Friday against Cal State Fullerton and was listed by McGraw as a game-time decision. They were dressed for pregame warmups but clearly struggling, so McGraw started Kristina Nelson and tried first-year student Danielle Patterson before using sophomore walk-on Kaitlin Cole, whose offensive rebound and layup had tied the game at halftime, 45-45.
"It wasn't as bad as last year, thank goodness," said Westbeld, who was slow to return this season after having surgery on their right ankle last April. "I had treatment 2-3 times Friday and 10 times over the next 24 hours. I kept it elevated as much as possible. I didn't know if I would play at all; I was on the edge of my seat the whole first half."
Using the juice provided by Westbeld's return, the Irish started the third quarter with a 12-3 run and outscored the Wildcats by a 28-8 margin for a commanding 73-53 lead after three quarters to move into next Saturday's regional semifinal at Spokane, Wash., against 14th-ranked Texas A&M.
Jannah Tucker led Villanova with 19 points, Kelly Jekot added 16 and Adrianna Hahn had 11 for Villanova, which missed all five 3-pointers it took in the second half after hitting 10 of 15 in the first 20 minutes.
"We lost our focus at the start of the second half," Villanova coach Harry Perretta said. "Notre Dame had a lot to do with it. (Westbeld) did a great job of coming in and affecting the game. They were able to play a little smaller, which we were taking advantage of in the first half."
McGraw, whose friendship with Perretta goes back 40 years when they took over the Villanova program, started their team in a man-to-man defense after primarily playing zone since their 100-67 loss to Louisville on Jan. 11. But Villanova quickly solved it, with Jekot scoring seven points by dashing past the slower Shepard for layups, and Nelson was having trouble keeping up with the smaller, quicker Wildcats as well.
BIG PICTURE
Villanova: The Wildcats, who made 16 of the 38 3-pointers they attempted in Friday's 81-74 overtime victory against South Dakota State, kept right on shooting against the Irish, making 10 of the 15 in the first 20 minutes that ended in a 45-45 tie. They missed all five they took in the second half.
Notre Dame: The inspirational play of Westbeld, who had two points and six rebounds in 16 minutes of the second half as Notre Dame pulled away from a 45-45 halftime tie with a 28-8 third quarter.
"Her presence on the court calms everybody else," Mabrey said. "She came into the game and reminded us that this isn't how we play. They reminded us that we are going to play defense."
UP NEXT:
Notre Dame: A Sweet 16 appearance Saturday at Spokane, Wash., against No. 14 Texas A&M, which owns a 2-1 mark against the Irish, including that 76-70 victory in the 2011 championship game at Indianapolis. Notre Dame won the last meeting 83-74 on Dec. 21, 2012 at the World Vision Classic in Las Vegas, Nev.
It was a day on the farm for students in Biloxi. An exhibit by Mississippi State University brought the farm to the kids for an exciting field trip.
Janelle Monae lets freedom ring at Prince-dedicated State Theatre show
Janelle Monae at the State Theater on July 3, 2018 (Photos by Maddy Fox for The Current)
Sponsor
Sponsor
Over the past decade, she's played to half-full rooms and slogged their way through opening sets in front of distracted crowds. She's dreamed up ambitious, larger-than-life stage presentations and crammed them into the wings of tiny clubs. After years of paying their dues — and taking a hiatus from performing music to become a full-fledged movie star — Janelle Monae returned to Minneapolis on Tuesday night to finally get the kind of sold-out, electrified, adoring reception that an artist of their caliber deserves.
It was overwhelming, really, to watch Monae appear at the top of a tiered pedestal amidst a cloud of smoke and screams and throttle their way through their first song, like their elevation to another creative plane was happening before our very eyes.
Maybe that's why I spent most of the nearly two-hour performance with a knot in my throat, unsure whether to laugh, dance, or cry. Or maybe it's because the show came with the realization that for the first time in their nine years of coming through Minneapolis on tour, this show would not be attended by Prince, one of their biggest mentors and admirers. It felt deeply poetic that the absence of the omnipresent purple VIP guest, who could typically be spotted lingering in a balcony nodding along to their songs (or, in one particularly unforgettable moment at the Skyway Theater, waving their diamond-studded cane in the air), occurred at the exact moment when Monae seemed to ascend to new levels as an artist and performer. It was as if a torch had been passed, and they used that torch to light the whole stage on fire.
“There's so much love in here tonight. This place means something so special to me,” Monae said, pausing after “Electric Lady” to offer a rare unscripted interaction with the crowd. “Our hero, Prince. Always and forever. This experience is deeply rooted in love.”
They could have gone on to say a lot more about their musical, creative, and personal connections, but in hindsight it would have been too much. Instead, they let their performance itself stand as their tribute to Prince, channeling their influence and the spirit of so many other funk and R&B titans — James Brown, George Clinton, Michael and Janet Jackson, Beyoncé — into a presentation that felt wholly original and blissfully free of any expectations or artistic restraints.
Freedom is a major theme in Monae's work, dating back to their ArchAndroid period, but they had never appeared so present and joyful on stage as they did Tuesday night. Them new album, Dirty Computer, celebrates their newfound sexual liberation, and in the live setting that translated to a polished performance that was frequently interrupted by playful crotch-grabbing, middle fingers in the air, and even a few swigs from a bottle of pink wine as they sang the introspective “Don't Judge Me.”
You know that moment in the beginning of Star Wars: The Force Awakens when Finn pops their Storm Trooper helmet off for the first time and the realization sinks in that there are sweaty, imperfect human beings underneath all that glossy armor? That's sort of what it felt like to see Monae, who has built their entire aesthetic on robotic imagery and military-precision movements, stop in the middle of a dance move to giggle gleefully to themselves and express their love for “all the free-ass motherf***ers” in the room.
Sure, there was the outro of “Purple Rain” tacked onto the end of “PrimeTime” (played flawlessly by Monae's longtime guitarist and collaborator, Kellindo Parker), but maybe the real tribute to Prince is that Monae's found a way to be a “free-ass motherf***er” — to unapologetically express their sexual, social, and political freedom, and to use their platform to tirelessly advocate for the marginalized voices who have been silenced. Forget all the comparisons between “Kiss” and “Make Me Feel”; it was hard not to see traces of Prince's own “America” and “Sign o' the Times” in songs like the impassioned encore performance of “So Afraid” and “Americans,” and “1999” in the apocalyptic party anthem “Screwed.” In a time of so much animosity and fear, to hear an out, queer black woman celebrate self-love and declare that they are “not America's nightmare, I am the American dream” felt truly radical, urgent, and necessary.
After pouring so much of themselves out on stage — and somehow dancing nonstop for two hours in a rotating selection of long sleeves, layers, and hats — Monae ended the encore by climbing to the top of the staircase one more time, each wobbly step looking like it might be their last, and crashing down onto their knees to bring the house down with one more soulful wail. Standing up to salute the audience, they smiled, let the tsunami of crowd adoration wash over her, and sweetly said, “And we dedicate this show to Prince.”
Janelle Monae Set List:
Dirty Computer
Crazy, Classic, Life
Take a Byte (with “(Not Just) Knee Deep” outro)
Screwed (with “Say It Loud” outro)
Django Jane
Q.U.E.E.N.
Electric Lady
PrimeTime (with “Purple Rain” outro)
Pynk
Yoga
I Like That
Don't Judge Me
Make Me Feel (with “I Got the Feelin'” outro)
I Got the Juice
Cold War
Tightrope
Encore:
So Afraid
Americans
St. Beauty
Janelle Monae
Cuba's President Miguel Diaz-Canel, center, greets Cuban doctors outside the National Pantheon where they visited the tomb of Simon Bolivar in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos)
Cuba's President Miguel Diaz-Canel, center, greets Cuban doctors outside the National Pantheon where they visited the tomb of Simon Bolivar in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos)
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) - The man who finished second in Venezuela's recent presidential election is asking the Supreme Court to order a new vote.
Henri Falcon argued on Wednesday that Maduro's ruling socialist party unfairly influenced the election by setting up kiosks near voting centers and giving poor residents bonuses.
Official results showed Maduro winning a second six-year term in a landslide victory on May 20 despite a historic crisis in the once-wealthy OPEC nation.
The appeal is unlikely to prosper in the Supreme Court, which rarely if ever votes against Maduro.
The legal challenge comes as Canada is slapping 14 Venezuelan leaders with sanctions, condemning the election as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
Cuba's newly installed President Miguel Diaz-Canel, however, was visiting Caracas and congratulated Maduro, reaffirming strong ties between their two nations.
“Silicon Valley has a long way to go on diversity, but most tech companies would argue that they're making progress,” Jacob Kastrenakes reports for The Verge. “Apple also claims to have removed pay disparities and has made slight gains on hiring women and people of color. It's even launched an ‘Inclusion & Diversity' page with visualizations of its hiring data.”
“But a small group of Apple investors believe the company isn't making progress fast enough, and they're trying to force the company to pick up the pace. ‘Some of the excuses given by Apple and others — there's not sufficient people in the pipeline, this and that,' says investor Tony Maldonado. ‘Excuse my language, it's bullshit,'” Kastrenakes reports. “Maldonado is leading an effort to mandate that Apple accelerate its work toward becoming a more diverse company. For the second year in a row, he's submitted a shareholder proposal asking that Apple ‘adopt an accelerated recruitment policy… to increase the diversity of senior management and its board of directors.'”
“Maldonado says that could include tying executive pay to diversity goals, as Intel and Microsoft have done, or adopting a board refreshment policy, requiring the company to regularly explore potential new board members from diverse backgrounds,” Kastrenakes reports. “In a filing with the SEC, Apple's board wrote a note recommending that shareholders vote against the proposal. The company argues that it already has ‘much broader' diversity efforts at work and, in the past three years, has made ‘steady progress in attracting more women and underrepresented minorities.' The proposed policy, Apple concludes, ‘is not necessary or appropriate because we have already demonstrated our commitment to a holistic view of inclusion and diversity.'”
Much more in the full article here.
US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron are giving a joint press conference after a meeting in Washington DC.
Speaking to the journalists before a meeting the US President said that they and French President Macron could have an agreement soon on Iran. Donald Trump also praised North Korean leader Kim Jong-un as a 'very honorable' man.
Macron is the first foreign official to be welcomed with a state visit to the White House since Trump took office in January 2017.
Follow Spuntik's live feed to learn more:
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) - Dozens of environmentalists and others are speaking out against a proposal from the Environmental Protection Agency that would roll back regulations governing the disposal of ash generated by coal-burning power plants.
The EPA held its one and only public hearing about the proposal Tuesday at an Arlington, Virginia, hotel. The Trump administration says the new rules could save utilities $100 million annually in compliance costs and give states more flexibility in enforcement.
Environmental groups, though, say coal ash can pose significant risks to a clean drinking water supply if it is disposed of improperly and leaches into the groundwater or spills into rivers. They say regulations imposed at the end of the Obama administration are just now taking practical effect and should be allowed to continue.
Testimony Tuesday tilted heavily toward opposition. One activist sang their opposition in the form of an ode to clean drinking water.
Frank Holleman with the Southern Environmental Law Center testified Tuesday that even in southern states where President Donald Trump is personally popular, communities and citizens want to maintain strong regulation of coal ash.
"I have never heard a community ask for less protection from coal ash," they said. "Instead, communities throughout the South have asked for more protection. ... There is no call at the local level for this watering down of coal ash protections - these proposals are purely a creation of the Washington special interests."
After the hearing, they said the Trump administration's plan to roll back coal ash regulations are just one prong in a broad attack by the current EPA administrators on environmental protections on behalf of industry.
U.S. coal plants produce about 100 million tons annually of ash and other waste, much of which ends up in unlined disposal ponds prone to leak. Coal ash storage and disposal went largely unregulated until a 2008 spill at a power plant in Kingston, Tennessee, dumped waste into two nearby rivers.
In Virginia, electric supplier Dominion Energy is being scrutinized for how it plans to dispose of coal ash generated by its plants.
In a statement, the company said Tuesday that even if the EPA rolls back the federal regulations, it still must comply with state regulations that it views as stricter than the federal standards now in place.
"If the rule changes in the future, Virginia would have to revise its rule for any changes to apply at Virginia locations," the company said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OnePlus has confirmed the OnePlus 5 will be unveiled on 20 June.
The OnePlus 5 follows the OnePlus 3T, one of the best budget smartphones of 2016. It debuted with top-notch specs and easily rivalled high-end devices like the Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10, and LG G5. But will OnePlus' next flagship be able to do the same? Can it give the new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 a run for their money, while still maintaining OnePlus' flagship-killing price strategy?
Pocket-lint has rounded up all the latest rumours on the OnePlus 5 here, but if you want to know more about the phone's actual launch event, we've got you covered there as well. Here's everything you need to know about when it is and how you can watch it online.
The OnePlus 5 launch event will take place at 12pm EST (9am PST/5pm BST) on Tuesday 20 June. You will be able to watch the event online.
In addition, the company will be holding pop-up launch events in many major cities, including London, New York, and Berlin, on 20 June and 21 June. The phone will be shown off to a live audience at each of these events. Check out OnePlus' website to RSVP your spot.
Yes. Here (the video won't be live until the day of the event):
Are you prepared for the OnePlus 5? Focus on what matters and join our keynote live on June 20. https://t.co/uuWc1m3pz1 pic.twitter.com/KfbVfMyh00 — OnePlus (@oneplus) June 6, 2017
You can also visit OnePlus' website to watch the live stream.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eighty cars from pre-war to modern and everything else in between will take on the challenge of the Cotswold Clouds Trial around the Stroud valleys.
Organised by Stroud & District Motor Club since 1963, competitors from all over the country will tackle some of the most famous sections in the sport including Axe Lane, Crooked Mustard, Nailsworth Ladder and Ham Mill on Sunday, February 4.
The Ladder in Nailsworth has been testing drivers' mettle since the dawn of the motorcycle and motor car, and the section will still give drivers plenty to think about.
(Image: Anne Lythgoe)
Local crews to look out for include Ford Escort driving brothers Charles and Richard Hayward, Mark Linforth with guest passenger Mark Watkins, Ben Wear in their VW Beetle, Ryan and Paul Eamer, longstanding competitor Mike Workman, and Suzuki X90 experts Kevin Sharp and Nick Deacon. The 2015 and 2016 overall winner Dean Partington is also on the start list.
Crooked Mustard, off Twinberrow Lane in Dursley is expected to be attempted before the Ladder, and prove one of the toughest of the day.
(Image: Anna Lythgoe)
Times of arrival are approximate but the first car usually leaves the Whitminster start at 8am and attempts the first section at Stinchcombe around 20 minutes later. Odd and even numbers will split to tackle Axe Lane and Crooked Mustard from around 8.45am and the first car is expected at Nailsworth Ladder by 9.30am, with Ham Mill near Winstone's Ice Cream on Rodborough Common opening around 20 minutes later.
Spectators are welcome but asked to park responsibly and obey marshalls' instructions. Parking at Crooked Mustard is limited.
List of entrants - Car number, Driver, Class, Home town, Passenger
(Scroll to bottom for class details)
1 Adrian Tucker-Peake 6 MGF Bromsgrove Worcs Liz Tucker-Peake
2 Sam Holmes 4 VW Beetle Alestree Derby Mick Holmes
3 Brian Partridge 8 Ridge Cannon Abingdon TBA
4 Bill Bennett 2 MG J2 Chipping Sodbury Liz Bennett
5 Keith Sanders 5 Scimitar SS1 Alphington Exeter Mike Warnes
6 Alex Wheeler 1 Vauxhall Nova GTE Stonehouse Glos Rachel Allaway
7 David Haizelden 5 Reliant SS1 Broadclyst TBA
8 Josh Tuck 1 VW MK1 Golf Stonehouse Glos Matt Chinnick
9 Anthony Andrew 8 VW Buggy Holsworthy Christine Andrew
10 Ben Wear 6 VW Beetle Stroud Glos Lucie Sheen
11 Philip Potter 8 VW Buggy Nr Salisbury, Wilts Mark Dillon
12 Mark Rosten-Edwards 4 Hillman Imp Lightwater Surrey Bill Rosten
13 Julian Lack 5 Suzuki GV2000 Stoke on Trent Simon Scott
14 Julian Archbold 7 Marlin Roadster Stroud Glos Colin Archbold M
15 Jim Mountain 8 Dellow Aylesbury, Bucks Peter Mountain
16 Stewart Green 8 SG Gruffalo. RE Dorchester Dorset Melanie Oliver
17 Lee Peck 8 Ford Special Bucknell Oxen Julian Webley
18 Ray Ferguson 7 Liege Wantage Oxon Hannah Ferguson
19 Steve Johnson 3 Escort Cainscross Stroud Anne-Marie Delrosa
20 Simon Woodall 8 VW Buggy Tenbury Wells Barbara Selkirk
21 Mike Chatwin 8 DP Wasp Sutton Coldfield TBA
22 Mal Allen 7 Marlin Roadster Falmboroush Bath Donny Allen
23 Ben Falconer 5 Suzuki X90 Nailsworth Glos Amory Falconer
24 Stuart Holton 8 Salamander Umberleigh Devon Ian McTaggart
25 Phil Aubrey 7 Dutton Melos Ross On Wye Tom Aubrey
26 Stuart Bartlett 8 Cannon Ilkeston Derby Keiran Bartlett
27 Andy Wood 1 Ford Focus Bishopsworth, Bristol Louis Yeeles
28 Terry Hart 8 Troll Stourport on Severn Bob Hart
29 John Bell 7 Dutton Melos Hebden Bridge James Trainor
30 Will Cox 7 Marlin Stroud David Cox T1
31 Mark Smith 6 Beetle Birmingham James Smith
32 Mark Goble 7 Marlin Abbeymead Glos Bryan Hunt T1
33 Simon Fairbanks 3 BMW 318is Kidderminster Paul Fairbanks
34 Geoff Cox 7 Marlin Roadster Stonehouse Glos Alex Boden T1
35 Gary Browning 8 UVA Fugitive Stroud Glos Daniel Browning M
36 Timothy Tudor 5 Suzuki X90 Swansea Michael Plush
37 Joe Browning 7 VW Baja Newent Glos Paige Milhench
38 Mark Sandford 8 Sylva Mojo Enigma Sketty Swansea Matthew Sandford
39 John White 4 VW Beetle Wallingford Oxon Kevin Edwards
40 Paul Merson 8 Shopland MK 11 Minehead Nick Sherrin
41 Harry Butcher 6 VW Beetle Wallingford Oxford Luke Bell
42 Ed Wells 6 VW Beetle Newent Glos Stan Howitt
43 Nicola Butcher 4 VW Beetle Fairford Glos Ben, Thomas & Barnaby Gladwyn
44 Murray Montgomery-Smith 7 Marlin Roadster Tadley, Hants Alex Reynolds
45 Stuart Highwood 7 Marlin Roadster St Tonbridge, Kent Mark Ensoll
46 Nigel Townsend 8 Ford Sports Stroud Glos Jon Greenway
47 Derek Thomson 6 VW Beetle Oakridge Stroud Jason Farr
48 Dudley Sterry 7 MG J2 Lyndhurst David Price
49 Colin Perryman 3 BMW 2002 Wallingford Oxford TBA
50 Gregory Warren 3 Ford Escort Newton Abbot Patrick Warren
51 Ian Cundy 8 VW Buggy Par Cornwall Roger Hancock
52 Richard Peck 6 VW Beetle Crich Matlock TBA
53 Simon Groves 8 Troll T6 Washaway, Bodmin TBA
54 John Looker 6 VW Beetle Coventry TBA
55 Francis Thomas 3 Ford Escort Nr Bodmin, Cornwall Philip Thomas
56 Ben Johnson 8 VW Special Shaftesbury Dorset Jeff Jackson
57 Russell Clarke 8 Troll Ruscombe Stroud TBA M
58 Nick Deacon 5 Suzuki X90 Stroud Glos Dave Skinner T2
59 Ryan Eamer 8 Cannon Stroud Glos Paul Eamer
60 David Slade 5 Suzuki X90 Alton Hampshire John Cavendish T2
61 Mike Workman 8 GVS Stroud Glos Mark Glassonbury
62 Kevin Sharp 5 Suzuki X90 Kingscourt Stroud Jan Richings T2
63 Richard Hayward 3 Ford Escort Quedgeley Glos Kelly Thomas
64 Mark Linforth 8 MG Special Eastington Stroud Mark Watkins
65 Matt Facey 3 BMW 318 Putford Devon Hollie Wood
66 Ian Facey 5 BMW Z3 Torrington Devon TBA
67 Tris White 8 Troll Turfdown Bodmin Sharon Robilliard
68 Charles Hayward 3 Ford Escort Whitminster, Glos Richard Nares
69 Kelly Thomas 3 Ford Escort Newent, Glos Paul Bartleman
70 Mike Smith 6 Toyota MR2 Calne, Wilts Chris Brammer
71 Terry Coventry 1 Peugeot 205 GTI Stroud Glos Aban Saeed M
72 Ian Davis 8 VW Buggy Headington Oxford TBA
73 Mike Henney 6 VW Beetle Herefordshire Philip Staden
74 Steve Kingstone 5 MG Midget Salisbury Kerry Greenland
75 David Middleditch 5 MG Midget Northampton TBA
76 Chris Wall 8 Cannon Stroud Glos James Martin
77 Philip Buckle 5 BMW Z3 Dudbridge Stroud Chris Buckle
78 Chris Symons 1 Ford Fiesta Anstey Leicester Karl Purse
79 Jeremy Salter 5 Suzuki X90 Godalming Tommy Stilwell
80 Mike Hobbs 6 VW Beetle Cambridge Glos Howard Steele
Classes
Class 1) Front engine front-wheel drive production cars.
Class 2) Production cars manufactured prior to 1941
Class 3) Front engine, rear-wheel drive production saloons (except vehicles in class 6).
Class 4) Rear engine, rear-wheel drive production saloons up to and including 1300cc (except vehicles in class 7).
Class 5) a) Front engine, Production Sports Cars (except vehicles in Class 1 or 6), Front engine production cars
Class 6) Rear engine, rear-wheel drive Production cars (except vehicles in Class 4).
Class 7) a) Production cars modified beyond permitted limits. (b) Rear engine, Production Cars fitted with a torque biasing differential as original or optional equipment.
Class 8) a) Non Production cars.
Lakeside's cross-country teams competed in the Cedar Creek Invitational, at the Lincoln Parish park this past Saturday. The running conditions were ideal, with cool dry air and top notch competition running the 5000 meter course. There were many outstanding teams and runners competing in the upper 4 divisions such as Cedar Creek, Sterlington, West Ouachita, Ruston, West Monroe. In the varsity boys division there were 143 runners competing. Among the competition were several outstanding runners such as Gabe Poulin (state A champion in 2016 cross country— runner-up in 2 mile outdoor). The Lakeside varsity boys showed up very well in the meet with junior Logan Bailey leading the Warriors at 10th place with a time of 17:44. Tyler Davis was 26th with a time of 18:35, followed by Timmy Mansfield at 29th, (7 seconds behind Tyler Davis) at 18:42. Jairo Aguinaga, a 13 year old 8th grader finished 42nd with a time of 19:25. The boys could not compete as a team this week, having only 4 runners. In the Jr high boys division, there were 104 runners competing Toby Askew led the Warriors finishing 17th with a time of 12:22. Seventh grader Jase Pate showed tremendous finishing 2nd for the Warriors with a time of 13:00.
Kendrayvious Dubose followed behind Pate at 29th with a time of 13:12 and Owen Smith, also showing a great deal of improvement, followed up at 66th place with a 14:40. In the Jr high girls division with 84 junior high girls competing, Laney Lindbergh led the Warriors finishing in 7th place with a time of 14:11. Coming in 14th place overall, for Lakeside was 7th grader Christine Bray with a time of 14:36, and Hannah Norrel coming in 39th with a time of 16:19 Lakeside travels to Clinton Mississippi this coming weekend to compete in the Mississippi College Invitational. With Jace Pate Joining varsity, this will be the first time this year that Lakeside will be able to compete as a team. Cross Country rules require a minimum of 5 runners per team.
Related
Comments
comments
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover. The assailant, prepared with “a lot of ammo,” fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Scalise dragged themselves off the infield leaving a trail of blood as colleagues rushed to their assistance.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence “in the strongest possible terms.”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. They later died of their injuries, President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant,” Trump said. “Their sacrifice makes democracy possible.”
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot, but “is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.” Two Capitol Police officers were also injured but were expected to recover, along with a former congressional aide who was hospitalized.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The gunman had a rifle and “a lot of ammo,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
The shocking event left the Capitol horrified and stunned. The House canceled proceedings for the day. Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi of California both spoke on the floor issuing calls for unity. “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington, and will go forward as planned.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged themselves into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague “crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood.”
“We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip,” Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
“He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. They hit Steve Scalise,” Barton said, “Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter.”
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens or more of shots fired.
“It was scary,” Barton said.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway, who was at the game, described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
“The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs,” Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had “gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel.”
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was “too early to say” whether it was an act of terrorism, or whether Scalise was targeted.
Speaker Ryan identified the wounded Capitol Police officers as David Bailey and Crystal Griner. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tysons Food in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition and in surgery.
After the gunfire stopped, Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said they ran onto the field and also tried to come to Scalise's aide. After medical personnel arrived, they said they retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify them of the shooting. They said they did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Falisa Peoples was just leaving the YMCA next to the ball field when they saw the shooter open fire.
“He was just very calm. They were just walking and shooting,” they said of the man, whom they described as white and wearing a T-shirt and shorts. They said they were using a long gun and exchanging fire with law enforcement officers, one of whom yelled for them to get down.
Lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event, which raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
Related
Comments
comments
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eighty cars from pre-war to modern and everything else in between will take on the challenge of the Cotswold Clouds Trial around the Stroud valleys.
Organised by Stroud & District Motor Club since 1963, competitors from all over the country will tackle some of the most famous sections in the sport including Axe Lane, Crooked Mustard, Nailsworth Ladder and Ham Mill on Sunday, February 4.
The Ladder in Nailsworth has been testing drivers' mettle since the dawn of the motorcycle and motor car, and the section will still give drivers plenty to think about.
(Image: Anne Lythgoe)
Local crews to look out for include Ford Escort driving brothers Charles and Richard Hayward, Mark Linforth with guest passenger Mark Watkins, Ben Wear in their VW Beetle, Ryan and Paul Eamer, longstanding competitor Mike Workman, and Suzuki X90 experts Kevin Sharp and Nick Deacon. The 2015 and 2016 overall winner Dean Partington is also on the start list.
Crooked Mustard, off Twinberrow Lane in Dursley is expected to be attempted before the Ladder, and prove one of the toughest of the day.
(Image: Anna Lythgoe)
Times of arrival are approximate but the first car usually leaves the Whitminster start at 8am and attempts the first section at Stinchcombe around 20 minutes later. Odd and even numbers will split to tackle Axe Lane and Crooked Mustard from around 8.45am and the first car is expected at Nailsworth Ladder by 9.30am, with Ham Mill near Winstone's Ice Cream on Rodborough Common opening around 20 minutes later.
Spectators are welcome but asked to park responsibly and obey marshalls' instructions. Parking at Crooked Mustard is limited.
List of entrants - Car number, Driver, Class, Home town, Passenger
(Scroll to bottom for class details)
1 Adrian Tucker-Peake 6 MGF Bromsgrove Worcs Liz Tucker-Peake
2 Sam Holmes 4 VW Beetle Alestree Derby Mick Holmes
3 Brian Partridge 8 Ridge Cannon Abingdon TBA
4 Bill Bennett 2 MG J2 Chipping Sodbury Liz Bennett
5 Keith Sanders 5 Scimitar SS1 Alphington Exeter Mike Warnes
6 Alex Wheeler 1 Vauxhall Nova GTE Stonehouse Glos Rachel Allaway
7 David Haizelden 5 Reliant SS1 Broadclyst TBA
8 Josh Tuck 1 VW MK1 Golf Stonehouse Glos Matt Chinnick
9 Anthony Andrew 8 VW Buggy Holsworthy Christine Andrew
10 Ben Wear 6 VW Beetle Stroud Glos Lucie Sheen
11 Philip Potter 8 VW Buggy Nr Salisbury, Wilts Mark Dillon
12 Mark Rosten-Edwards 4 Hillman Imp Lightwater Surrey Bill Rosten
13 Julian Lack 5 Suzuki GV2000 Stoke on Trent Simon Scott
14 Julian Archbold 7 Marlin Roadster Stroud Glos Colin Archbold M
15 Jim Mountain 8 Dellow Aylesbury, Bucks Peter Mountain
16 Stewart Green 8 SG Gruffalo. RE Dorchester Dorset Melanie Oliver
17 Lee Peck 8 Ford Special Bucknell Oxen Julian Webley
18 Ray Ferguson 7 Liege Wantage Oxon Hannah Ferguson
19 Steve Johnson 3 Escort Cainscross Stroud Anne-Marie Delrosa
20 Simon Woodall 8 VW Buggy Tenbury Wells Barbara Selkirk
21 Mike Chatwin 8 DP Wasp Sutton Coldfield TBA
22 Mal Allen 7 Marlin Roadster Falmboroush Bath Donny Allen
23 Ben Falconer 5 Suzuki X90 Nailsworth Glos Amory Falconer
24 Stuart Holton 8 Salamander Umberleigh Devon Ian McTaggart
25 Phil Aubrey 7 Dutton Melos Ross On Wye Tom Aubrey
26 Stuart Bartlett 8 Cannon Ilkeston Derby Keiran Bartlett
27 Andy Wood 1 Ford Focus Bishopsworth, Bristol Louis Yeeles
28 Terry Hart 8 Troll Stourport on Severn Bob Hart
29 John Bell 7 Dutton Melos Hebden Bridge James Trainor
30 Will Cox 7 Marlin Stroud David Cox T1
31 Mark Smith 6 Beetle Birmingham James Smith
32 Mark Goble 7 Marlin Abbeymead Glos Bryan Hunt T1
33 Simon Fairbanks 3 BMW 318is Kidderminster Paul Fairbanks
34 Geoff Cox 7 Marlin Roadster Stonehouse Glos Alex Boden T1
35 Gary Browning 8 UVA Fugitive Stroud Glos Daniel Browning M
36 Timothy Tudor 5 Suzuki X90 Swansea Michael Plush
37 Joe Browning 7 VW Baja Newent Glos Paige Milhench
38 Mark Sandford 8 Sylva Mojo Enigma Sketty Swansea Matthew Sandford
39 John White 4 VW Beetle Wallingford Oxon Kevin Edwards
40 Paul Merson 8 Shopland MK 11 Minehead Nick Sherrin
41 Harry Butcher 6 VW Beetle Wallingford Oxford Luke Bell
42 Ed Wells 6 VW Beetle Newent Glos Stan Howitt
43 Nicola Butcher 4 VW Beetle Fairford Glos Ben, Thomas & Barnaby Gladwyn
44 Murray Montgomery-Smith 7 Marlin Roadster Tadley, Hants Alex Reynolds
45 Stuart Highwood 7 Marlin Roadster St Tonbridge, Kent Mark Ensoll
46 Nigel Townsend 8 Ford Sports Stroud Glos Jon Greenway
47 Derek Thomson 6 VW Beetle Oakridge Stroud Jason Farr
48 Dudley Sterry 7 MG J2 Lyndhurst David Price
49 Colin Perryman 3 BMW 2002 Wallingford Oxford TBA
50 Gregory Warren 3 Ford Escort Newton Abbot Patrick Warren
51 Ian Cundy 8 VW Buggy Par Cornwall Roger Hancock
52 Richard Peck 6 VW Beetle Crich Matlock TBA
53 Simon Groves 8 Troll T6 Washaway, Bodmin TBA
54 John Looker 6 VW Beetle Coventry TBA
55 Francis Thomas 3 Ford Escort Nr Bodmin, Cornwall Philip Thomas
56 Ben Johnson 8 VW Special Shaftesbury Dorset Jeff Jackson
57 Russell Clarke 8 Troll Ruscombe Stroud TBA M
58 Nick Deacon 5 Suzuki X90 Stroud Glos Dave Skinner T2
59 Ryan Eamer 8 Cannon Stroud Glos Paul Eamer
60 David Slade 5 Suzuki X90 Alton Hampshire John Cavendish T2
61 Mike Workman 8 GVS Stroud Glos Mark Glassonbury
62 Kevin Sharp 5 Suzuki X90 Kingscourt Stroud Jan Richings T2
63 Richard Hayward 3 Ford Escort Quedgeley Glos Kelly Thomas
64 Mark Linforth 8 MG Special Eastington Stroud Mark Watkins
65 Matt Facey 3 BMW 318 Putford Devon Hollie Wood
66 Ian Facey 5 BMW Z3 Torrington Devon TBA
67 Tris White 8 Troll Turfdown Bodmin Sharon Robilliard
68 Charles Hayward 3 Ford Escort Whitminster, Glos Richard Nares
69 Kelly Thomas 3 Ford Escort Newent, Glos Paul Bartleman
70 Mike Smith 6 Toyota MR2 Calne, Wilts Chris Brammer
71 Terry Coventry 1 Peugeot 205 GTI Stroud Glos Aban Saeed M
72 Ian Davis 8 VW Buggy Headington Oxford TBA
73 Mike Henney 6 VW Beetle Herefordshire Philip Staden
74 Steve Kingstone 5 MG Midget Salisbury Kerry Greenland
75 David Middleditch 5 MG Midget Northampton TBA
76 Chris Wall 8 Cannon Stroud Glos James Martin
77 Philip Buckle 5 BMW Z3 Dudbridge Stroud Chris Buckle
78 Chris Symons 1 Ford Fiesta Anstey Leicester Karl Purse
79 Jeremy Salter 5 Suzuki X90 Godalming Tommy Stilwell
80 Mike Hobbs 6 VW Beetle Cambridge Glos Howard Steele
Classes
Class 1) Front engine front-wheel drive production cars.
Class 2) Production cars manufactured prior to 1941
Class 3) Front engine, rear-wheel drive production saloons (except vehicles in class 6).
Class 4) Rear engine, rear-wheel drive production saloons up to and including 1300cc (except vehicles in class 7).
Class 5) a) Front engine, Production Sports Cars (except vehicles in Class 1 or 6), Front engine production cars
Class 6) Rear engine, rear-wheel drive Production cars (except vehicles in Class 4).
Class 7) a) Production cars modified beyond permitted limits. (b) Rear engine, Production Cars fitted with a torque biasing differential as original or optional equipment.
Class 8) a) Non Production cars.
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. They were arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
Fear package thieves no longer; Amazon has teamed up GM and Volvo for a unique delivery service that puts packages right in the trunk of your vehicle. Using the Amazon Key app – linked to either GM's OnStar, or Volvo's On Call – select Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, and Volvo owners will give the tech giant access to their vehicles to deliver packages directly. No more hiding under doormats.
The new service, which has been beta testing in California and Washington State for the past six months, and in certain parts of Europe since 2015, will be rolling out in 37 major cities in the U.S. beginning today. Even more locations are scheduled to follow in the coming months.
Amazon says the new service is in response to the success of the in-home delivery service the tech company rolled out late last year. The goal is to "make our customers' lives easier," said Peter Larsen, Vice President of Delivery Technology at Amazon. "Prime members now have another way to ensure their packages are safe and secure—all for no additional cost." The video below shows exactly how the new service works:
Of course, there are a few limitations. Only select GM and Volvo vehicles – 2015 or newer – will be able to access the service for now. Amazon is looking to add even more automakers to its delivery list, though. Customers must also be Amazon Prime members, and the vehicle must be located nearby to an address used for Amazon deliveries.
Packages that weigh more than 50 pounds (22 kilograms), or are larger than 26 x 21 x 16 inches will require a signature. Anything worth more than $1,300, or any items that comes from a third-party seller, are not eligible for the new in-car delivery service. Same-day, two-day, and standard shipping, are all available as part of the service.
Source: Amazon
White House lawyer Ty Cobb was reportedly overheard discussing President Donald Trump's legal affairs in public — again.
A Twitter user posted a photograph of Cobb, supposedly taken at Reagan National Airport on April 23, and commented that Cobb had been discussing their work with other White House lawyers who are involved in dealing with Special Counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Guess who I saw today?
Leaving DC via Reagan Nat. Airport.
They pulled out two phones and proceeded to loudly talk about how they all needed to be on the same page,Jay and they and Rudy.
They didn't even try to talk quietly. pic.twitter.com/ubAVFhsMAK — MIKE (@trumpanhator) April 23, 2018
“Rudy” is presumably former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, who is joining the president's legal team, and “Jay” is presumably Jay Sekulow, who is already on the team.
Breitbart News has not confirmed the photograph or the conversation independently.
Last year, Cobb and then-fellow White House lawyer John Dowd were overhead discussing the investigation “casually and loudly” at an outside table at a Washington, DC, restaurant. The two were overhead by New York Times reporter Ken Vogel, who photographed them and posted the photo to Twitter.
Here's a photo of Ty Cobb & John Dowd casually & loudly discussing details of Russia investigation at @BLTSteakDC while I sat at next table. pic.twitter.com/RfX9JLJ0Te — Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) September 18, 2017
Dowd left the White House legal team last month, resigning without giving an explanation. Their resignation came a few days after Mueller had sent a list of questions that they wished to ask President Trump to the White House.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named to Forward's 50 “most influential” Jews in 2017.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, which is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - A month after speaking at the March for Our Lives in their hometown of Austin, Texas, Matthew McConaughey says they support some gun control but fears the youth-led movement could be "hijacked" by those hoping to eliminate all guns in the United States.
McConaughey spoke about their support for the marchers on Monday in Las Vegas, where they were promoting their upcoming film, "White Boy Rick," at the CinemaCon theater-owners convention.
They called gun violence "an epidemic in our country."
"I've got a lot of friends who are gun owners. I've got a lot of friends who are NRA (National Rifle Association). I grew up hunting. We had responsible gun ownership, but I was taught the right way to respect that tool," they said. "At the same time, their petition that they were speaking about is a very good one. And I also fear that their campaign - they have to watch that they don't get hijacked. Meaning, a lot of the crowd was for no guns at all. That was not the march for life. March for Our Lives was for rightful, just, responsible gun ownership - but against assault rifles, against unlimited magazines and for following up on the regulations."
The 48-year-old Oscar winner said they hoped to find room for agreement between anti-gun activists and the NRA.
"The two sides (have) got to talk. Because we both agree that there's an epidemic. We both agree something has got to change. So I was for what they were marching for, and I wanted to speak to my hometown on the capital of my state Texas' steps. And also talk to the many men and women who I grew up with, I know that had the guns, that owned the guns, and say hey, do we really, where can we reach across the aisle here? Find a compromise for the betterment of all of us?"
McConaughey plays the father of a teenager who becomes a drug dealer and an FBI informant in "White Boy Rick," based on a true story. It's set for a September release in theaters.
The murders of hip-hop legends Tupac Shakur and the Notorious B.I.G. are still unsolved… but at least now Josh Duhamel is on the case.
The Las Vegas and All My Children veteran stars in the USA Network's new true-crime anthology Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G., playing real-life LAPD detective Greg Kading, who's tasked with solving the notorious killings. But in the new trailer below, Kading isn't sure what he's really supposed to be looking for, asking their superior: “Is my objective to solve this case, or to cover the department's ass?”
Westworld‘s Jimmi Simpson and Fargo‘s Bokeem Woodbine co-star as fellow LAPD cops who pitch in on Kading's investigation, with Marcc Rose (as Tupac Shakur) and Wavyy Jonez (as the Notorious B.I.G.) playing the iconic rappers in flashbacks. Plus, Anthony Hemingway, who directed five episodes of FX's The People v. O.J. Simpson, is onboard here as executive producer/director.
Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G. is slated to debut on the USA this winter.
Press PLAY below for a sneak peek at Unsolved, and then tell us in the comments: Will you be watching?
Is the morning news format that fuels Mike Jerrick's 'weird uncle' shtick on its way out?
Is the morning news format that fuels Mike Jerrick's 'weird uncle' shtick on its way out? Mar 19
Anna Orso is a member of the Modern Life team covering culture, trends, and the way we live. She's a Fishtown resident, a Penn State grad, and a native of York, Pa.
Fox29 Good Day Philadelphia cohost Mike Jerrick was criticized for comments they made on International Women's Day. He's sitting with cohost Alex Holley, left, and anchor/ reporter Karen Hepp, right.
It was 9:11 a.m. on International Women's Day when Fox29's Mike Jerrick asked their coanchor: When was the last time they had sex? That was after he'd questioned if she'd ever cheated on their husband and just a few minutes after telling their other cohost that they keep an action figure of them by their bedside so they can “wake up in the morning, open my eyes, and see you.”
The live, on-air comments landed Jerrick, the longtime Good Day Philadelphia host, in the cross hairs of HBO comedian John Oliver, who blasted them for spending “the entire day acting inappropriately.”
Of course, it wasn't just something that happened on International Women's Day. Jerrick has long played what he's called “the weird uncle” alongside a female counterpart. (Fox29 spokesperson Claudia Russo didn't respond to requests to interview Jerrick.)
Still, experts say it's less of a Jerrick thing and more of a morning show format thing: a familiar, familial vibe created by female and male co-anchors in a freewheeling dynamic that can easily veer into the offensive.
“You're supposed to chat and fill up time and be engaging to your audience, and that can get you in a lot of trouble,” said Peter Jaroff, an assistant professor of media studies and production at Temple University and a former 6ABC producer. “He's encouraged in that kind of situation, and not just Mike Jerrick. You'll see it on any local station and networks in the morning.”
But does that format have staying power in an age when men in high-profile news programs have been accused of sexual misconduct, when treatment of women in the workplace is on most people's minds?
There have been some lineup changes in the upper echelon of morning shows after hosts Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose were ousted from their networks following allegations of sexual misconduct.
And change could be coming elsewhere, said Ben Bogardus, an assistant professor of journalism at Quinnipiac University. The traditional format of “men who are lighter and jokier and women who are nice and smiley,” they said, might not be the wave of the future. Instead, it could be more along the lines of the current CBS Morning Show, which has three anchors going for more of a hard news feel, or Today, which for the first time in its history has two female hosts.
Of course, nothing's likely to change — especially with Jerrick, 67 — “because the powers that be thought that it works,” Bogardus said.
“They're trying to go with a vibe of sitting around with your friends,” said Bogardus, who worked as a local TV news producer before settling in academia. “Sometimes there's one friend who makes an off-color joke and everyone laughs because that's just him.” (The network didn't respond to a request for comment.)
In the Philadelphia market, Jerrick's Good Day Philadelphia, which they host alongside Alex Holley, is something of an anomaly, being the only local show of its kind in the region. NBC goes to Today in the morning, ABC cuts to Good Morning America, and CBS goes to CBS This Morning. CBS3 does air the local Eyewitness News This Morning in the 4:30 to 7 a.m. block, but co-anchors Jim Donovan and Rahel Solomon have a decidedly different, more serious tone than Jerrick and Holley's banter.
Jerrick's shtick has worked with Philadelphia viewers since the late 1990s. Their first stint hosting Good Day was from 1999 to 2002, after which they left to work as a weekend cohost for the nationally televised Fox and Friends. They later cohosted Fox's The Morning Show With Mike and Juliet before returning to Good Day Philadelphia in 2009. And he's made plenty of headlines throughout their career, many of which were for comments about women.
While appearing on Fox News in 2010, they joked about cheerleaders “bending over backward” and Lindsay Lohan being spanked. In 2012, Jerrick met Kacie McDonnell — who later became a traffic reporter at Fox29 — on-air, telling her: “You smell good” and “Say hello to your boyfriend.” In 2014, they spanked a meteorologist with their own children's book. Earlier this year, after Jerrick was briefly suspended for an explicit comment about White House counsel Kellyanne Conway, the anchor said to Sue Serio in the weather center: “Could you do something so inappropriate sometime today to get me off the hook? Like, flash us right now!”
Jerrick also has drawn attention for behavior that wouldn't be considered sexist, such as when they and their cohost burst into laughter after an interview with Ryan Lochte or made fun of the Kardashians.
“Mike Jerrick definitely embodies the ‘jokey guy,'” said Linda Steiner, a professor of journalism at the University of Maryland, “with the women who are on the desk with them still having to be both the butt of their jokes and laugh at it.”
Morning TV news shows have always had a decidedly lighter touch than the afternoon or evening counterparts. The first host of Today, which first aired in 1952, was Dave Garroway, who specialized in “nutty stunts” and comedy, said Charles Ponce de Leon, a professor of history and American studies at California State University, Long Beach.
Early iterations of Today, which was the first morning show of its kind, were hosted by men but included young women who were there for the purpose of adding a feminine touch. Though Barbara Walters assumed more on-air duties at Today by the 1960s, the women on anchor teams were largely “young and pretty, and were usually paired with older men,” Ponce de Leon wrote in their book That's the Way It Is: A History of Television News in America.
According to Steiner, that dynamic hasn't changed much.
“Network executives are still assuming that the audiences for those kinds of shows like the idea of a woman and a man as co-anchors,” they said. “That sort of rings trues with what they see as the kind of ideal nuclear family.”
What has changed over the years is how the anchors interact with each other, and that varies among different personalities and networks. Some networks, Steiner said, are more focused on women's appearance than others.
Other individual female hosts bat back at sexist comments with an eye roll or a visible groan, Steiner said. For example, Holley has waved off Jerrick's behavior, including in one of the clips Oliver used, when they pulled their hand away from Jerrick after they touched their wrist. They frequently utter an aggrieved “Miiiike” when they say something unsavory.
Before scorching Jerrick on their HBO show, Oliver also called out CBS This Morning host John Dickerson — who replaced Rose — for telling coanchor Nora O'Donnell. “I just want to be in your lap,” after, on International Women's Day, they mimicked a speaking-to-a-dog voice.
“You know you two are not alone,” coanchor Gayle King told him.
Some experts remain unconvinced that the traditional morning show format will change any time soon. Steiner said they worry that even if the dynamic changes, “it doesn't actually, fundamentally change the way that we're seeing very unequal relations between men and women being played out.”
Jaroff said for most stations and networks, it comes down to ratings, and morning programs with this type of format have only grown since their inception.
“The raffish quality Mike Jerrick has come to be associated with over the years,” they said, is “a selling point for Fox. It's like, ‘What is they going to say now?'”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
It's the quintessential Canadian Christmas concert.
But don't count on hearing the usual fare of familiar Christmas tunes.
What the Orchestre symphonique de Laval (OSL) has in store for its Dec. 13 concert in Laval, the northern suburb of Montreal, is a mix of symphonic music that will take you on a musical journey throughout the world and through Canada's rich cultural fabric.
Conducted by Alain Trudel and accompanied by the Petits Chanteurs de Laval choral group, the OSL wants to take the audience on a journey from Moorish Andalusia, to a mountain stream in Armenia, to the vast expanses of Russia, with stops in Africa, Syria, France, Ukraine, England, Latin America and, of course, Canada.
Zaven Zakarian, a Lebanese-born Armenian-Canadian clarinettist who has been with the OSL since 1987, said the idea of this musical journey through time and space came from Trudel, who's not only the conductor of the orchestra but also its artistic director.
“Laval is a multiethnic city, we have communities from many different parts of the world,” Zakarian said. “And in a way it was quite clever from the point of view of selection of these pieces on the part of our maestro: we have an Arabic community, we have a Greek community, we have Ukrainian, we have Armenian.
“He very skillfully selected pieces that represent the cultures of these communities who live around us, around the orchestra, because one of the aims of the orchestra is to serve the community.”
Founded in 1984, the Orchestre symphonique de Laval (OSL) (Laval Symphony Orchestra) is led by Alain Trudel, one of the most sought-after conductors in Canada. © Ludovic Rolland-Marcotte
For example, Trudel has chosen a well-known tune arranged for a string orchestra that comes from Medieval Andalusia, which was ruled for hundreds of years by the Islamic Umayyad dynasty from Syria.
“This was a period when a lot of different cultures lived together,” Zakarian said. “A lot of different religions lived together, whether it's Muslim, Jewish and Christian, and they not only lived together they produced together.”
Another piece that will be played by the orchestra was created by Armenian-Canadian composer Petros Shoujounian, Zakarian said.
“It has an Armenian liturgical element in their composition,” Zakarian said. “Although it is not traditional per se, but it involves part of the melodies of Armenian liturgical music.”
The piece is called “Gedik” or a small river, a stream in Armenian.
“It has a double meaning, because rivers give life to earth, the river also spreads life all around just as culture does,” Zakarian said.
The Canadian portion of the concert will be presented by Quebec folklore-inspired music, Suite folklorique by André Jutras and First Nations music as well, Zakarian said.
“In the Canadian segment it's more about the music of First Nations, the Indigenous people of Canada, of course, these are arrangements for the orchestra,” Zakarian said.
The music is a a tribute to Canada's Indigenous heritage, they said.
The owners of El Questro Wilderness Park are suing Main Roads WA over a multimillion-dollar blaze allegedly sparked when unprepared workers used heavy machinery near dry bush.
Lawyers for Delaware North said Main Roads staff were working on the Gibb River Road on a hot and windy day in October 2016 when a spark from machinery started a devastating fire. They claim the workers were not properly trained in putting out fires, did not have adequate firefighting equipment and could not call for help because they did not have satellite phones.
The fire spread to the Emma Gorge Resort at El Questro and caused “significant damage” to the Kimberley tourist spot.
Sixty tented cabins were damaged as well as the main day lodge, the maintenance shed, the commercial laundry, staff dongas and shipping containers full of linen, furniture and stock.
The resort's water services, above-ground fuel cell, electricity supply feeds, sewerage system and hot-water systems were also affected.
In a recently filed Supreme Court writ, lawyers for Delaware North said the risk of fire damage caused by the works was “not insignificant” given the terrain, remote location, time of year and conditions.
They argued Main Roads failed to put a plan in place to consider the risk of the works starting a fire in dry bush in a remote location where there was no mobile phone coverage.
“In carrying out the culvert works, a reasonable person in the defendant's position would have taken reasonable precautions to avoid the risk of fire,” the lawyers allege in the writ.
“The workers were operating heavy machinery in a remote location, at the end of the dry season in, or adjacent to, dry bushland, in close proximity to the property and in particular the resort.”
Camera Icon The 2016 blaze in the Cockburn Range. Picture: Lori Litwack
Delaware North claims it has suffered loss as a result of Main Roads' negligence and it is seeking damages, costs and interest.
A Main Roads spokesperson said the agency's public liability insurer and solicitors were dealing with the matter. They said they could not comment until the matter was resolved.
Delaware North also declined to comment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASS TOWNSHIP, Pa. -- State police in Schuylkill County are searching for the person who killed a dog by burying it alive in a cage.
Workers at the Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA say this is the worst case of animal cruelty they've ever seen. They say when they found the dog's body near Minersville, there was no doubt it was intentionally left there to die.
, you can see a .
Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA workers took photos to show the gruesome discovery that they describe as the worst case of animal cruelty they've ever seen: a dog cage buried in the ground, covered with some old pieces of wood.
"I was in shock. I've never seen anything like what I have seen. It was horrid. Horrid. I don't even have the words to explain it. Barbaric. Tortured. Horrid," said animal cruelty officer Bridget Barder.
The SPCA got a call over the weekend that led animal cruelty officers into the woods off Thomaston Road near Minersville. There they found a pit bull locked in a cage that was partially buried in the ground.
"Whoever did this went to great effort and was sick," said SPCA manager Lori Sult. "They basically built a torture chamber for this dog."
SPCA workers estimate the dog had been left there for about two months.
Workers say it appears the dog starved to death.
SPCA manager Lori Sult says that whoever left the dog in the woods had options. They could have taken it to either one of the two SPCA facilities in the county.
"If you don't want to deal with the SPCAs, not that it would be the right thing to do, but if you're going to dump an animal, just release it," Sult said.
Now that state police are involved, Sult and the rest of the SPCA community are hoping the person responsible will be brought to justice.
"This dog died a horrible, horrible death. There was just so many other options. The dog did not have to die this way."
The Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA is offering a reward for information on this case. If you know anything about the dog, you're asked to contact state police in Frackville.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to contribute to the reward.
April 24 (UPI) -- Musician Bob Dorough, who contributed to the creation of Schoolhouse Rock!, died in Mt. Bethel, Pa., their family announced. They were 94.
Dorough's granddaughter Corin Wolf said they were diagnosed with cancer last year, but didn't disclose the exact cause of their death Monday, CNN reported.
A jazz pianist and vocalist, Dorough is best known for writing "Three's a Magic Number" the song which spawned the educational, musical cartoon series Schoolhouse Rock.
Dorough was born in Arkansas on Dec. 12, 1923, and raised in Texas. They began their musical career serving as a composer, arranger and player in the Special Services Army Band between 1943 and 1945.
They later earned a bachelor of music degree from the University of North Texas and traveled to New York to work as a pianist and singer, releasing their debut album Devil May Care in 1956.
Miles Davis later recorded their own version of Devil May Care's title track and the two collaborated on multiple projects including the holiday song "Blue Xmas (To Whom It May Concern)."
While working a day job at an advertising company in 1971, Dorough's boss asked them to set multiplication tables to music and they penned the song "Three Is a Magic Number."
The song spawned the album Multiplication Rock and the concept was later sold to ABC executive Michael Eisner, ultimately becoming the first iteration of Schoolhouse Rock!.
Dorough continued to compose music for Schoolhouse Rock! while also serving as musical director as contributors such as Lynn Ahrens, Dave Frishberg and George Newall joined the project.
The series ran for 12 years and was later revived in the 1990s.
Later in life Dorough served as a mentor to British-American singer, actor and comedian Nellie McKay and continued to play music in the weeks leading up to their death.
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Kei Nishikori of Japan celebrates after their match against Federico Delbonis of Argentina (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nicolas Mahut of France serves against Rafael Nadal of Spain (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain serves against Nicolas Mahut of France (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Rafael Nadal of Spain hits a forehand against Nicolas Mahut of France (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland (R) shakes hands with Malek Jaziri of Tunisia (L) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wawrinka won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland hits a forehand against Malek Jaziri of Tunisia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wawrinka won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Malek Jaziri of Tunisia hits a forehand against Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wawrinka won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland hits a backhand against Malek Jaziri of Tunisia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wawrinka won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland celebrates after their match against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Federer won 7-6(5), 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland (R) shakes hands with Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (R) after their match on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain hits a backhand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Roger Federer of Switzerland hits a forehand against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Roger Federer survived a stern test from Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut to reach the Miami Open quarter-finals on Tuesday, while top-seeded Swiss compatriot Stan Wawrinka was eliminated on their birthday.
Federer clinched the 7-6(5) 7-6(4) victory on their third match point, shortly after Wawrinka fell 4-6 6-2 6-1 to 16th-seeded German teenager Alexander Zverev.
Bautista Agut played the match of their life, hitting the ball deep with relentless precision in an effort to keep Federer pinned to the baseline, giving the 18-times grand slam champion everything they could handle.
But Federer's class proved the difference in the tiebreaks as they improved to 6-0 lifetime against Bautista Agut and advanced to a showdown against Czech 10th seed Tomas Berdych.
Wawrinka, who turned 32 on Tuesday, lost to Federer in the Indian Wells final nine days ago and was denied a chance of setting up a possible rematch in Miami.
A day after saving three match points against John Isner, the 19-year-old Zverev dominated the final two sets against Wawrinka, breaking twice in the second and three times in the third to earn a quarter-final encounter Nick Kyrgios.
"One bad game to start the second set and then it was tough for me," Wawrinka told reporters. "I completely went down physically and mentally, and also my tennis was completely out. I had no more gas."
Zverev played more aggressively after dropping the first set and the German prospect improved to 2-0 against Wawrinka.
"I had to be aggressive. I felt like they were the one controlling all the points all the time, so I had to change that. It worked out well for me," Zverev said.
The last eight match against the 12th seeded Australian brings the pair together for the second time in two weeks, after Kyrgios won their previous encounter in Indian Wells.
Big-serving Kyrgios looked ominous as they warmed up for the match by not dropping serve in a 7-6(5) 6-3 victory over Belgian eighth seed David Goffin
All the top seeds had competitive matches on Tuesday, with Japanese second seed Kei Nishikori taken to three sets before ousting Federico Delbonis of Argentina 6-3 4-6 6-3.
Fifth seed Rafa Nadal won in straight sets, but had to work hard to beat Frenchman Nicolas Mahut 6-4 7-6(4).
Next up for Nadal is American Jack Sock, while Nishikori meets Italian Fabio Fognini.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island lawmaker says he's sorry for calling a school shooting survivor a "dummy" for their response to a separate shooting that killed four people at a Waffle House restaurant in Nashville.
But Republican state Rep. Mike Chippendale said Tuesday they won't apologize for "zealously defending" the Second Amendment.
Chippendale responded Monday to Emma Gonzalez, a Parkland, Florida, shooting survivor who's now a gun control activist. Gonzalez cited reports that an unarmed man took the shooter's gun away as evidence that teachers don't need guns to protect students.
Chippendale said the ensuing manhunt might have been avoided if the man had a gun, and "the entire region wouldn't be on lockdown ... dummy." They later deleted the tweet.
Chippendale is a town chairperson for Republican Allan Fung's gubernatorial campaign.
FONTANA, Calif. (AP) - Martin Truex Jr. saw nothing but clean air and green flags down the stretch in their first victory of the new NASCAR Cup season.
Truex didn't get much of a look at Kevin Harvick, whose bid for four straight wins was ruined by an early crash at Fontana.
So even while Truex's Furniture Row Racing Toyota team celebrated, it was a wee bit disappointed not to get a duel with the early-season king.
"I think we would have had something for them today," team owner Barney Visser said.
Truex roared to victory at Fontana on Sunday, beating Kyle Larson by 11 seconds to claim the first win of the season for last year's series champion.
Truex won both stages before rolling to the checkered flag on their 16th career victory and their first since that glorious championship day at Homestead last November. Their first career victory at Fontana even moved Truex into the overall points lead, thanks to Harvick's woes.
Harvick dragged their damaged car to a 35th-place finish after early contact with Larson ruined their day. But after dominating at Auto Club Speedway, Truex's team was no longer certain Harvick has the fastest ride in the field.
"It just feels good to win," said Truex, who became the third driver to win from the pole at Fontana. "I don't really worry about who else is fast. Obviously (Harvick) has been quick. They've got a great team, and Kevin is an awesome driver. But as we've seen today, we can put together a run as well."
Truex took the lead for good with 32 laps left by getting past Kyle Busch, who finished third. Brad Keselowski was fourth.
"People kept asking, 'When are you going to win again?'" said Truex, who led 125 laps overall. "'When are you going to win any stages?' Well, here you go."
When Truex got a series of post-race questions about Harvick, the defending champ suggested that Furniture Row proved early on that it can hang with Stewart-Haas Racing.
"That first pit stop was under green, and they came in pretty close (to me)," Truex said. "We left pit road, and I drove away from him. That was the only gauge I really had of that. ... I'm sure we'll have plenty of chances to race each other throughout the rest of the season."
Here are more things to know about the race at Fontana:
KEVIN'S SMACK: Harvick's bid to become the 14th driver ever to win four straight races ended when they hit the wall after side-to-side contact with Larson on the 37th lap. Harvick's flapping bumper was the most obvious problem, but they made a nice save down the track to avoid an interior wall.
Harvick took the blame for the mistake.
"I went down to side-draft and (Larson) was coming up and we touched, and it just knocked the thing to the right and spun out," Harvick said. "I don't know that it's their fault. I think that's my fault for coming down the racetrack right there and trying to side-draft, and then as we touch, it just came back up the racetrack. I was just trying to get a little too much right there."
Harvick's car was repaired, and they managed to earn two standings points. Harvick had won in Atlanta, Las Vegas and Phoenix before arriving in their home state for an attempt to become the second driver in this century to win four straight.
CLEAN SWEEP: Truex won both stages and a race for the third time in their career. They also accomplished the feat at Las Vegas and Chicagoland during their championship 2017 season. "I would have liked to be one spot better, but I couldn't even see Martin," said Larson, the race's defending champion.
JJ IN 9TH: Six-time Fontana champ Jimmie Johnson finished ninth for their first top-10 finish of the season, ending a 10-race skid outside the top 10 - the worst such stretch of their career. Johnson's winless streak reached 28 races, also their longest in a career that began in 2001.
BACK AND FORTH: Truex and Busch traded the lead during the final stage, but Busch had a problematic pit stop that left their car handling poorly. Truex passed Busch for good with 32 laps to go. Busch was less than pleased afterward.
WHO'S HOT: Larson didn't let that early contact stop them from recording their best finish in 13 races since last season.
WHO'S NOT: Trevor Bayne's day ended on the 108th lap when they smacked the wall.
UP NEXT: Martinsville on March 25.
___
More AP auto racing: https://racing.ap.org
Cape Town - For the past three years, 3-year-old Aaron Lipschitz has been admitted to hospital at least 60 times.
Aaron was diagnosed with a rare incurable disease that affects their immune system, Interleukin-12 Receptor Defect.
 They are the first South African to be diagnosed with the disease, and of the few known cases worldwide, Aaron is the only child who is unable to eat.
Their mother, Taryn Lipschitz, said Aaron lives off Neocate formula and recently doctors said the formula was no longer providing Aaron with enough nutrition to accommodate their growth. They were fitted with central lines and catheters to begin “total parenteral nutrition”.
“A port runs through Aaron's heart and every evening they are fed intravenously, avoiding their digestive system.”
Taryn said they had received a lot of support from family and friends and that had made it easier for them.
“Last year we were in hospital for three months, from September to December. Aaron's first admission was when they were two weeks old and this is now our sort of normal.
“The hospital has been like a second home to them and we thank God they don't mind going and has relationships with the doctor and nurses.”
Taryn said Aaron understands that they cannot eat because food will make them sick, and they don't show much interest in food as they haven't experienced eating.
They said despite their condition, Aaron is a very happy child and the only hope for them to get better is a bone marrow transplant.
“I work with children and they are the happiest and most sociable child I have ever met.
“He makes the most of life when they are not ill. They love animals and their bike, and their favourite thing is a dog.  They are a normal boy.
“In the beginning no one knew a lot and we tried managing on our own, but it got to the point where we needed help.
“The principal at their play school encouraged us to make the story more public and the response has been very overwhelming. It is difficult to just say ‘thank you' when they are helping save your child's life; it sounds silly. But we are so overwhelmed by all the assistance.”
Aaron's parents have set up a campaign on donations-based crowdfunding platform BackaBuddy, and appeal to the public to support their little boy while they fight their condition.
The campaign went live in January and R1 245350.57 has been raised.
“We are urging people to go on to the Sunflower website to register as a bone marrow/stem cell donor. The process is as simple as making a phone call, filling out a form and having two vials of blood taken. You could save Aaron or another person waiting for their miracle.”
Cape Argus
Agencies Featured
Campbell Ewald
Principal/CEO: Kevin Wertz. CEO
Founded: 1911
Services Offered: Insights & Strategic Planning, Creative, Digital Design & Development, DM/CRM, Media Planning & Buying, Retail & Experiential Marketing, Data Cognition, Content and Social Media
Sample Clients: MilkPEP, Kaiser Permanente, OnStar, Valero, Covered California, IHOP, Travelocity, CARFAX, Empire State Development, Cadillac, Snuggle, Country Inns & Suites
Describe your agency in 10 words or fewer: Nonstop innovation and invention. Even on a Monday.
The below quotes are attributed to Lora Stock, Group Director Social and Content Strategy
We're really proud of the work we do on Cadillac Magazine. This print, tablet and mobile lifestyle publication takes its readers to unexpected destinations and celebrates those who Dare Greatly through design, travel, fashion and food. It easily competes with newsstand travel and style magazines, reinforcing Cadillac as a luxury lifestyle brand.
Similar to direct flights, a direct message travels without any random stops or bothersome delays. Direct is all about offering content that intercepts a person when he/she needs it most or when it has the most potential to be disruptive.
Three trends for 2017
Mind the Gif
There's an ongoing joke in advertising that the client is always going to ask to make the logo bigger. The opposite is true when it comes to social where we are always looking for ways to make the content smaller. GIFs are a great solution – they say volumes at a glance. And they are an easy tactic to dress up direct marketing (like emails or WhatsApp messages) in a way that represents your brand, taps into a cultural trend or is just plain fun.
Rise of the Machines
Access to a wealth of information anytime, has conditioned consumers to learn more about brands on their own time. In fact, more and more people are taking customer care into their own hands – quite literally, by using their mobile devices to connect and interact with bots. As Facebook, WeChat, Kik and WhatsApp continue to fight for innovation dollars from companies that hope to cut traditional customer service costs, we can expect to see improvements in both the interface and AI. But to really change the game, brands need to take what they learn from ChatBots, automate it with their backend data and apply it to CRM/DM programs both on and offline.
Little Data
Big Data is a hot topic and essential to uncovering consumer insights, but little data is critical to building 1:1 connections with people in their digital hangouts of choice. It's less about lead gen and more about building trust and growing relationships. If you think about it, the consumer journey is just a series of questions. And when brands are able to curate helpful content that answers those questions in a customized, personal way, they win.”
Hartpury's Mat Gilbert has spoken out about their deafness and how they have achieved through rugby despite their disability.
The openside-flanker, who has been a mainstay for Hartpury in the Championship this season, was diagnosed as deaf at the age of five.
They still wear a hearing aid to this day and had played for the Scarlets, Bath as well as Worcester Warrios before joining Hartpury.
Gilbert told Championship Rugby: “Being deaf is just something that has always been a part of my dogma and is a part of who I am now.
“My hearing loss has gradually got worse but I am a big believer in your own self and that you have to have self-belief.
“Having a disability and having hearing loss has made me want to prove to people that I can do things.
“I've never really noticed it too much but then there are people that do doubt you but as a deaf person you can achieve things in life.”
Gilbert will play for Hartpury this weekend as they host Doncaster Knights at 2.30pm on Saturday.
General building confidence has dropped by three index points in the second quarter. Photo: Simphiwe Mbokazi/African News Agency (ANA)
JOHANNESBURG - Confidence in both the building and civil engineering sectors declined to its worst level in six years in the second quarter of this year, according to the latest Construction Industry Development Board (CIDB) small and medium-enterprise (SME) business conditions survey.
Discouragingly, the outlook for activity remains clouded as the constraint of insufficient demand for new work remained elevated for both sectors, the survey report said.
Confidence levels for both the building and civil sectors dropped to 33 index points in the second quarter, which means that 67percent of building and civil contractors were dissatisfied with business conditions in the quarter.
General building confidence, as measured by the survey, dropped by three index points in the quarter to 33. Confidence in the building sector was last at this level in the second quarter of 2012.
The report added that building activity deteriorated while profitability and employment indicators remained under pressure.
The indicator rating insufficient demand for new building work as a constraint to business operations increased slightly to 74 percent.
“This bodes ill for building activity in the near term,” the report said.
It added that the underlying indicators on balance remained at weak levels across the board, which probably explained why confidence levels were chronically low compared to long-term averages.
Concerning
At provincial level, building contractor confidence ticked up by two index points to 56 in the Western Cape, was unchanged in the Eastern Cape and dropped in KwaZulu-Natal.
However, Ntando Skosana, CIDB project manager for monitoring and evaluation, said the worst outcome in confidence was recorded for Gauteng building contractors, where an overwhelming 83percent were dissatisfied with business conditions.
“It is concerning that this level of confidence marks a joint all-time low,” they said.
Civil engineering confidence also declined by three index points during the quarter.
The report said this deterioration largely mirrored weaker profitability.
It said 61percent of respondents reported lower profitability during the second quarter, which was a mere 2 percent shy of its worst historic level.
Skosana said from a provincial perspective the picture was rather disappointing with sentiment deteriorating across the board and the highest confidence levels registered were in the low 30s.
The highest confidence was recorded in the Western Cape at a very weak 33 index points, with confidence levels for the rest of the provinces in the 20s.
The latest gross domestic product (GDP) growth statistics released recently by Statistics SA showed a fifth consecutive decline in output in the construction sector, with output falling 1.9percent quarter on quarter in the first quarter of this year.
Skosana said the unfavourable outcome for this quarter's survey results suggested that the negative trend in both building and civil construction activity continued into the second quarter.
- BUSINESS REPORT
– Namyang, South Korea
Solid. That's the first word that comes to mind following a short drive in Hyundai's recently revealed 2018 Kona. And I do mean short – onsite at Hyundai's research and development center in Namyang, South Korea, I'm only allowed about 10 minutes behind the wheel of the new subcompact crossover. But while my impressions of the Kona are limited, what I can say with assurance that this new Hyundai appears to have a ton of potential.
The U.S.-spec Kona will be revealed at the 2017 Los Angeles Auto Show this November, and sales are expected to start shortly thereafter in early 2018. When it arrives, U.S. customers will have a choice of two engines. Base SE and SEL models will come with a naturally aspirated 2.0-liter inline-four, with 147 horsepower, 132 pound-feet of torque, and a six-speed automatic transmission. But here in Namyang, I'm driving a Kona fitted with the upgraded 1.6-liter turbocharged engine, good for 175 hp and 195 lb-ft of torque, paired with a seven-speed dual-clutch gearbox. This powerplant will only be offered on higher-grade Limited and Ultimate trims.
The chassis is firm without being too stiff or crashy, the 18-inch wheels of this test car soaking up pavement imperfections with aplomb.
Taking off from a stop on a closed course inside Hyundai's R&D facility, the turbo engine is smooth and powerful, and very refined. Peak torque from the 1.6-liter mill comes on at just 1,500 rpm and stays strong up through 4,500 rpm. The seven-speed transmission smoothly shifts at predictable points, and even when dialing up the Kona's Sport mode – the only other setting aside from Comfort – the transmission doesn't suddenly become an overly aggressive partner for this torquey engine.
Hyundai expects 35 to 40 percent of U.S. buyers will opt for the turbo. And while it's one of the more powerful motors in the subcompact class, Hyundai officials say it's likely to have “better than average” fuel economy. Elsewhere in the world, the Kona will be sold with a 1.0-liter gasoline three-cylinder engine, as well as a 1.6-liter diesel inline-four, but don't hold your breath for either of those to come Stateside. Similarly, don't look for a higher-output version from Hyundai's newly launched N brand, either. The next big powertrain upgrade for Kona will involve electrification.
The Kona's solidity is felt on a short drive of the automaker's handling course, with varying road surfaces and long stretches of crowned pavement. The steering has a light action that offers appropriate feedback – nothing groundbreaking, but above average for the small CUV set. Similarly, the chassis is firm without being too stiff or crashy, the 18-inch wheels of this test car soaking up pavement imperfections with aplomb. I'll obviously need to get the Kona out on the road for longer periods of time before making a final assessment, but this initial drive reveals a crossover that's surefooted. Remembering recent drives in vehicles like the Jeep Renegade, Nissan Juke, and Toyota C-HR, I'm prepared to say the Kona's road manners are superior.
Hyundai says the Kona boasts more headroom and overall interior space than any of its subcompact competitors.
Front-wheel drive is standard across the board, and all-wheel drive will be optional on all trims, regardless of engine. Hyundai says the AWD system defaults to front-drive most of the time unless slip is detected, though drivers can manually put the Kona into a sort of “AWD lock” mode, where power is continuously sent to all four wheels. The U.S. will be one of the Kona's most important markets, and in order for it to have nationwide success, Hyundai knows it needs to offer a capable all-wheel-drive system.
Hyundai will release pricing details closer to the crossover's launch, but product planners tell me it will be “in line with [the Kona's] competitors,” and less expensive than the $22,500 starting price of Toyota's C-HR. A base MSRP right around $20,000 seems like a safe bet, and every Kona will come standard with features like a seven-inch touchscreen infotainment system, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto connectivity, Bluetooth, and more. SE models ride on 16-inch wheels, while the SEL gets 17s, in addition to niceties like pushbutton start, roof rails, an optional automatic emergency braking. Stepping up to the Limited trim gets you the 18-inch wheels seen here, leather seats, a sunroof, and LED headlights and taillights. Finally, the top-end Ultimate will have factory navigation, wireless smartphone charging, rain-sensing wipers, an Infinity high-end audio system, and much more.
Getting situated behind the wheel, the first thing I notice is how premium the Kona feels. The leather seats are comfortable. There's ample shoulder- and headroom. The cabin layout is logical, with a simple yet contemporary design that's likely to age well. Every button and control is exactly where I expect it to be. Again, I'll need more time inside the Kona to really find its merits and faults, but this short preview shows me a vehicle that's roomy and quiet, and very nicely appointed. I don't yet have final specs, but Hyundai says the Kona boasts more headroom and overall interior space than any of its subcompact competitors. Sure, I'll need to compare the soon-to-be-released spec sheet against the Kona's competitors before signing off on that claim, but from the driver's seat, I'm enjoying an open, airy cabin, with tons of space.
One part of the Kona I'm not sold on is its appearance. Yes, oddball designs seem to work with small SUVs these days – Jeep can barely build enough Cherokees to keep up with demand, after all. But as a late entry to the segment, the Kona is less of a bold statement and more a hodgepodge of other daring designs. The slim LED slats up front remind me of the Cherokee, or even the Citroen C4 Cactus. The short C-pillar and rear three-quarter view reminds me of the Mazda CX-3. And everyone is doing the floating roof thing these days. I will say, the Kona looks much nicer in person, not to mention outside a showroom and in natural light. Its presence is largely dependent on color, too – I actually rather like it in the gray pictured here.
Still, a unique appearance is what it'll take for the Kona to get noticed in the highly competitive subcompact CUV class. And up against strong competitors like the Honda HR-V and Kia Soul, the Kona will need to deliver with lots of functionality, good fuel efficiency, and well-sorted road manners. Thankfully, Hyundai seems to have a very well-rounded, cohesive package on its hands.
Photos: Hyundai
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident, the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure, the medical examiner said.
Alcohol and topiramate, a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in their system, were "significant contributing factors" in their death. Them blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive.
"When combined, the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced. Topiramate, like alcohol, can cause dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment," the medical examiner said in the statement.
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont, Ill., about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9, video surveillance shows. Them body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later, investigators said.
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to their death, the ME said. The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and "no other evidence of external or internal trauma."
The victim of a stabbing in Gloucester in July has lost their spleen and now has to wear a colostomy bag because of damage to their bowel, a court heard today.
Aaron Huntley also needed surgery to their liver after they were stabbed three times in an alleged murder bid on July 29, Gloucester Crown Court was told.
The manner of the alleged attack, in Keats Avenue, Podsmead, is known as 'bagging' in the criminal underworld.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Appearing via video link from prison, Runarm Douse, 20, of Hebden Grove, Billesley, Birmingham, pleaded not guilty to trying to murder Mr Huntley on July 29.
They also denied being concerned in the supply of cocaine and heroin in Gloucester. And they denied assaulting Darren Jones causing actual bodily harm on July 29.
They pleaded guilty, however, to being concerned in the production of cannabis between August 2016 and August 2017.
Judge Jamie Tabor QC asked prosecutor Alistair Hetherington if the alleged murder bid was the result of a 'drug deal gone rather wrong'. Mr Hetherington said it was.
They said Mr Huntley had suffered three separate full penetrative stab wounds to the abdomen - one at the front, one at the side and one at the back.
They had undergone an operation to remove their spleen and had suffered laceration of their kidney and penetration of the colon, leading to a colostomy bag having to be fitted.
"The local phrase for that is 'bagging'," the judge commented.
Mr Hetherington said proceedings are being taken against two other men who were arrested after the stabbing of Mr Huntley but they have yet to receive summonses.
Judge Tabor said they hoped their cases would catch up with Mr Douse's. They said the trial of Douse - and others if they are charged - will begin on February 26.
April 24 (UPI) -- Selena Gomez is changing up their look with an undercut.
The 25-year-old singer and actor showed off their freshly-shaved hairstyle Monday on Instagram following a visit to Puma headquarters in Germany.
Photos show Gomez had a small, triangle-shaped patch of hair buzzed off at the nape of their neck. They highlighted their new-look by wearing their hair in a high ponytail.
"Always need a subtle change," the star captioned a slideshow of pictures. "@puma Germany family time grateful for the welcome."
Gomez's stylist Tim Duenas told Page Six it took about 10 minutes to create the singer's new look.
"I asked her, 'Well, how long have you been debating it?'" they recounted. "And they said, '[Since] last night!' They were like, 'When I want to go for something, I do it.' I think they just wanted a change."
Gomez stopped by Puma headquarters Monday in Herzogenaurach. Them Puma Phenom Lux shoe collaboration with the brand launched April 6, and has since sold out.
"Decided to come to Germany to meet my @puma family and THANK THEM and THANK YOU for my first shoe collab being sold out!!" the star wrote Sunday. "also for every shoe you bought, you gave to the lupus alliance foundaton a donation!"
Ben Simmons has continued their fairytale rookie NBA season by leading Philadelphia to a 104-91 win over Miami, eliminating the Heat from the playoffs.
The 76ers have proved to be serious championship contenders by winning two games in Miami and then knocking the Heat out in front of delirious fans in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
Melbourne-born Simmons had 14 points, nine rebounds and six assists.
The 76ers convincingly took the first round of the series 4-1 and will play the winner between the Boston Celtics and Milwaukee Bucks, who feature Australians Aron Baynes (Celtics), Thon Maker and Matthew Dellavedova (Bucks).
The 76ers were one of the worst teams in the NBA in recent years until Simmons and centre Joel Embiid were drafted. They both overcame injuries to steer the team to the playoffs this season.
Embiid had 19 points and 12 rebounds.
The Heat's future Hall of Fame inductee Dwyane Wade, possibly playing their last NBA game, had 11 points and five rebounds.
Wade hugged Simmons at the end of the game and whispered congratulations in the Australian's ear.
The win was also a stunning comeback for 76ers coach Brett Brown, a former NBL and Australian Olympic coach, who remained in charge of the squad during their darkest years.
Earlier Tuesday in Boston, the Celtics took a 3-2 series lead against the Bucks with a 92-87 win.
The Celtics can eliminate the Bucks in Thursday's game six in Milwaukee to set up a second round battle with the 76ers.
The Celtics made a surprise move by shifting Australian big man Baynes from the starting lineup to the bench in favour of the more athletic Semi Ojeleye.
The Celtics also thrived in front of their home crowd in the TD Garden and the return of guard Marcus Smart, who has been out with a thumb injury since March 11.
The game will not be an easy one with the Celtics losing both playoff games in Milwaukee and the Bucks energised by their crowd.
"We have to execute in a hostile environment," said Smart, who had nine points, five rebounds and made key aggressive plays including fighting for a loose ball and passing it to big man Al Horford for a key basket in the final quarter.
Maker, after stunning games in the past two wins in Milwaukee, had just two points, no blocks and fouled out in the final seconds.
Dellavedova was scoreless after only taking two misguided three point attempts and struggled with the Celtics' guards pressuring them full court when they brought the ball up.
The Celtics' Al Horford had 22 points and 14 rebounds while Baynes was also quiet with four points and two rebounds.
The Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo was not their dynamic best with 16 points and 10 rebounds.
Need to catch up? Check out our previous Fargo recap here.
Moe's head-in-the-sand idiocy hit a new low on this week's Fargo… while Nikki got a taste of sweet revenge.
Gloria should be celebrating, with Emmit throwing themselves at their feet and confessing to killing Ray — and also to tricking them into taking the Corvette instead of the stamps when their dad died. Emmit tells them how guilty they feel for how he's treated their brother over the years, and Gloria leaves the interrogation room feeling vindicated. “Heck, I think I might finally put this thing to bed,” they tell their son Nathan over burgers.
RELATEDFargo Recap: Off the Chain
But not so fast there: Meemo is out there murdering more guys with the last name Stussy, making it look like the killer is still at large. Moe gets called to a crime scene where a George Stussy is found duct-taped to a chair, just like Ennis was — and blockhead that they are, Moe falls for the misdirection. (“This guy must really hate Stussys,” they mutter.) The cops haul in an unidentified Asian guy, who confesses to all of the murders, including Ray and Ennis. Moe, flush with victory, orders Gloria to let Emmit go. Case closed, everybody!
Gloria's spirit is crushed: They inform Emmit he's free to go, guessing that someone paid off the Asian guy to be the fall guy. Before Emmit leaves, though, they do ask them about “the master pulling the strings,” aka Varga. Emmit's a terrible liar: They stutter and hesitates, and can't say anything to her… except “I'm sorry.” Then they walk out of the police station to join Varga in a waiting car, trudging through the Minnesota cold like a man on death row.
RELATEDFargo to End With Season 3?
Afterwards, Gloria sulks over a drink with Winnie: “It's over. The good guys lost.” They tell Winnie about the robot in Ennis' sci-fi novel — the one who says, “I can help!” but really can't — and how they can't even get automatic sensors to notice them Sometimes they feel like they don't even exist, they say. But Winnie pokes them in the arm to confirm she's real, then gives them a warm, comforting hug. (Aw! Cop friends!) Gloria is touched, and goes to the bathroom… where the automatic faucet finally responds to her! Hmmm, maybe this case isn't closed yet after all?
Elsewhere in “Aporia”:
A WRENCH IN YOUR PLANS | Varga might be a “master pulling the strings”… but the master didn't account for a woman scorned. Meemo's driving the truck with Varga's mini living quarters in the back when he's ambushed by Nikki and Mr. Wrench, who scare Meemo off with a fake grenade and drive away with the truck, nabbing Varga's laptop from the back. Nikki calls Varga and taunts them by reading off their bank account numbers, demanding they bring a cool $2 million in cash to the lobby of a hotel the next day if they want to keep their secrets safe.
RELATEDFargo: Mary Elizabeth Winstead Teases Nikki Swango's Unimaginable Journey
Varga arrives in the hotel lobby clutching a metal briefcase, and tries to get Nikki to drink some of their “mother's tea,” but they wisely decline. They even offer them a job, but they say no to that, too: “I've already got a job: blackmailing you.” They predict there's nothing but dirty undies in that briefcase, and that Meemo has a rifle aimed at them right now. (Which they do.) And Varga's even stocked the lobby with similar-looking guys in trenchcoats, so they can't be identified. But Nikki outsmarted him: Meemo feels Mr. Wrench placing a gun to their head and stands down. And she's itching for revenge, telling Varga: “I want to look you in the face, and rip out something you love.” They give them till the next day to bring them the money.
But they must not have paid up, because the episode ends with Hamish Linklater's IRS investigator finding a fat envelope full of Stussy Lots documents waiting for him, along with a flash drive. You clearly messed with the wrong ex-con, Varga.
Oh Yah, Just a Couple More Things There:
* Gloria also had a puzzling chat with the Widow Goldfarb, who was reluctant to share any personal information about themselves and kept mixing up when, exactly, Emmit arrived for dinner, chalking it up to the hazy mists of memory. Why is Goldfarb covering for Emmit? Do they know a murder charge might threaten their purchase of Stussy Lots?
* Yet another Big Lebowski reference this week, with Nikki's allusion to Varga stuffing their briefcase with dirty underwear instead of cash matching Walter's “ringer” case from the botched Bunny Lebowski handoff:
* A gory, gorgeous shot in the opening scene, when Meemo stabbed poor Marvin Stussy in their kitchen, with Marvin's red blood running together with the white milk they spilled.
* No Yuri Gurka this week. Did Ray Wise send them to hell last week, with generations of black-and-white peasants haunting them for eternity?
* I took notice of Varga and Meemo's operational code, mentioning a “Stage 4” and a “Stage 5.” I would ask if there's a Stage 6… but knowing Varga, there's probably a Stage 206.
Got thoughts on tonight's Fargo? Drop 'em in a comment below.
Quantico is back Thursday (10/9c) with a new showrunner, some new cast members and yet another reset of the ABC spy drama. (Don't worry: There's still just one timeline.)
At our last rendezvous with FBI/CIA agent Alex Parrish and their fellow elite spites, they'd just taken down a crooked president — in part by breaking the law, as well as faking Alex's death. When they had to go into hiding afterward, sometime boyfriend/fellow G-man Ryan decided to chuck it all and get on the plane with them
But three years' time has passed between the end of the Season 2 finale and the Season 3 premiere, and executive producer Michael Seitzman says messing with the series' central couple was a high priority after taking over from previous showrunner/series creator Joshua Safran, who stepped down at the end of Season 2.
“My first order of business was to figure out, if the last season ended with them together, what do I do to pull them apart?” they tell TVLine. “I was a fan of the show, and I was a fan of everything Josh did. I had to figure out how to make it work for me, but also how to allow it to take a big step forward.”
Also on their mind: drawing in new viewers, who might not know or care about what happened in previous seasons, while respecting those who've been around since the powder blue Henley days. “I wanted them to feel like they could get on this bus right here, right at this bus stop,” Seitzman says. “I wanted to reset the relationships. So for starters, I thought, ‘Well, maybe you start three years later.' That buys you a lot. A lot happens in three years, right?”
Of course, we can't tell you exactly what took place in those years. But here's the few pieces of key intel we can share. Alex essentially is reenacting Under the Tuscan Sun in Italy, complete with the dreamy love interest and sun-drenched vistas, except no one knows their real name —and danger does have a way of finding her, doesn't it? Shelby winds up as a hostage for an international arms dealer who wants a very specific trade for the blonde's life. Meanwhile, Harry's got an excellent-paying civilian gig that is way beneath their skill level, and Owen — of course — has a plan for all of them.
That plan includes the involvement of Jocelyn Turner, a deaf FBI agent played by Marlee Matlin (Switched at Birth), who becomes something of a wise counterpart for Blair Underwood's character. (The team will gather a few more members, including musician Alan Powell as undercover agent Mike McQuigg, as the season progresses.)
Seitzman worked with Matlin when they guest-starred on their CBS medical series Code Black, and says he'd been hoping for an opportunity to repeat the experience. “We haven't seen that before, a deaf spy, you know?” they say. “This is a great puzzle for the writers and me, a weekly problem for us to solve: How do we, just from a creative perspective, fold that character into the dynamic? For example, how do you deal with things like when they're all on the coms, talking to each other wirelessly? How do you deal with that?”
RELATEDQuantico Heading Abroad in Season 3
Matlin, via interpreter Jack Jason, tells TVLine that their first episode included something of a learning curve. “I wanted to ascertain who they are. I wanted to get an assessment of their temperament, how they handle crises, how they work with the team, how they interact with other members, being that she… depends on lip reading [and] signs.” After taking it all into account, they say, they decided that the accident that rendered the character deaf years earlier “changed their demeanor, so they were more careful. They put thought into everything they did as a result of what happened to her.” Matlin laughs. “Totally the opposite of me.”
Seitzman says that most of the cast — with Underwood and Chopra as standouts — has picked up at least the rudiments of American Sign Language over the course of shooting the season; in the series, most of the team is fluent, thanks to an immersion course at the FBI. In addition, “Jake [McLaughlin] figured out very early [that] we have to be facing her, right? So we have to change the blocking of the scene, because how are they going to hear us if we're not looking at them when we're talking to her.”
The challenge, Seitman adds, “turned out to be a very fun part of the storytelling, but also a fun part of the filmmaking.”
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
Who doesn't love Mason jars? After all, not only are they wonderful for canning purposes and to store more than just jam, but they're also great for crafts, like making homemade snow globes, luminaries, you name it. But did you know that the lids are just as useful on their own as they are with the jars?! We didn't. But we uncovered nine Mason jar hacks that you so need in your life. So get out some Mason jar lids and prepare to be impressed.
1. Fridge Magnets
These magnets are not only clever, but so simple to make. Just place the Mason jar lid around said photo and press, then cut out the circular photos. This doubles as a great gift idea, as well as a fun after-school craft with the kids!
My DIY fridge magnets out of mason jar lids! I think my cutting circles needs some work the best part I can always switch up the pictures #diycrafts #masonjarlids #fridgemagnets A photo posted by Catherine Lindgren (@lindgren_catherine) on Nov 2, 2016 at 10:29am PDT
2. Mini Pies
Yes, you can bake pies in your Mason jar lids! Adorable, right? Mini apple or cherry pies make the perfect dessert for your family or dinner guests. As for the recipe, we like this one for Blueberry-Peach Mason Jar Lid Pies by the Food Network. Here are a few other examples, though, to whet your appetite!
#minipies #cherrypies #masonjarlids A photo posted by Tinia of Lucas Farm (@lucasfarm) on Jul 20, 2016 at 7:06pm PDT
3. Perfect Eggs
You know how you're trying to make breakfast for your whole family—and maybe some visitors, too—and then the perfect eggs you had envisioned in your head run all over the pan? Not anymore! When you use a Mason jar lid around each egg, you'll keep all your eggs in one place, not to mention, you'll look like a professional chef. Kudos to you!
Genius #masonjarlid idea thanks to @sujai0212 and #latkes idea thanks to @lisaveganpact! #breakfast #eggs #masonjar A photo posted by Whitney (@whitneyharperlee) on Apr 10, 2016 at 6:29am PDT
4. Olympic Medals
When you're trying to get your kids to do certain tasks, tell them you'll be rewarding them with their very own Olympic medals once they're done. Yep, you can make them from Mason jar lids! We like this “recipe,” so to speak.
How Olympic medals are really made #behindthescenes #farmerolympics2016 #doityourself #masonjarlid A photo posted by The Farmers Guild (@thefarmersguild) on Aug 17, 2016 at 1:44pm PDT
5. Cookies
I remember my grandma making cookies this way. Any time you have a cookie craving, just grab your nearest Mason jar lid, which can double as a cookie cutter. Need a good sugar cookie recipe? This one, by Kitchn, is one of the best. Hint: It has almond and vanilla extracts, as well as lemon zest. Is anyone else craving a batch right now?
When your boyfriend asks for Christmas cookies & you realize you're not a baker.. #macgyvered #winebottlerollingpin #masonjarlid #nocookiecutterstobefound #improv #likeaboss A photo posted by Ashley Quick (@missashleynicole_q) on Dec 11, 2016 at 5:16pm PST
6. Candles
All Sorts Of Pretty have a very easy DIY candle recipe and, yes, you use your Mason jar lid as the base. Plus, you can get as creative as you'd like, making your candles in various colors and scents. They're fun to make as gifts or with the kids.
7. Vase
Yes, you can use a Mason jar as a vase, and you can turn it into an even better one by jazzing up the lid with some extra support for your flowers thanks to the addition of some chicken wire. We're in!
8. Tic-Tac-Toe
People are so creative, aren't they? Need a quick game for the kids—or adults?! Just grab a few Legos and some Mason jar lids and make this quick Tic-Tac-Toe game. So easy!
Made our own version of tic tac toe! #learningisfun #kinderinspired #masonjarlids A photo posted by Amanda Kucan (@kinderinspired) on Dec 4, 2016 at 8:47am PST
9. Piggy Bank
Make your very own Mason jar piggy bank. Check out the Etsy shop in the following Instagram post or create your own—because we can all benefit from saving our spare change for a rainy day, right?
So there you have it—nine easy Mason jar lid hacks, because when the jam is all gone, we shouldn't let those lids go to waste!
[h/t: Krazy Coupon Lady]
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Dick's Sporting Goods in Vestal, New York.
File photo
If the gun crowd is avoiding Dick's Sporting Goods because of its newly enacted corporate policies restricting some sales, it isn't showing in the bottom line.
First-quarter earnings and sales were higher, defying the predictions of gun rights advocates who said the company would lose significant business from its decision to ban sales of assault-style weapons and enacting a policy requiring gun buyers to be at least 21 years old. The company also hired a Washington, D.C., lobbyist to push for a federal assault weapons ban.
Dick's rankled the National Rifle Association.
The NRA's Institute for Legislative Action has been especially critical of Dick's moves, especially the hiring of the lobbyists.
"It's entirely possible that the chain realizes it has irrevocably damaged its image among the pro-freedom community, especially with those who take part in outdoor activities," it wrote on its website earlier this month. It went on to say "Dick's new lobbying venture is likely meant to fully embrace anti-gun advocacy at all levels and through whatever means necessary."
Based on the results, Dick's shares surged Wednesday, up 27% to $38.75 in afternoon trading.
Even Chief Executive Ed Stack was unsure in February how the new policies would affect sales, but warned that some buyers could avoid the store for outdoor and other equipment in the wake of its widely publicized action following the school shootings in Parkland, Florida.
In comments on an earnings conference call, Stack said benefits outweighed the drawbacks. Indeed, hunting sales declined at the stores, but other shoppers who are supporters of the policy have become customers.
"There's definitely been some benefits from people who have joined us because of the policy," Stack said.
Net income in the first quarter was up 3 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales, the company reported on Wednesday.
"Our strong first-quarter earnings reflect improved execution against our merchandising strategy, which results in higher merchandise margins," Stack said in a prepared release. "Product newness, strength in our private brands and a more refined assortment led to a much healthier business, with fewer promotions and cleaner inventory throughout the quarter."
More: With 'moral courage,' Starbucks workers take part in emotional training to avoid racial bias
More: Fiat Chrysler warns 4.8M Jeep, Dodge, Chrysler and Ram owners to not use cruise control
More: Saks Fifth Avenue bets 'magic mirrors,' face workouts to beat Sephora and Ulta
The better results come even as others predicted Dick's, which started as a single store on Binghamton's East Side in 1948, would continue to suffer under pressure from online retailing behemoth Amazon.
The company said online sales increased by 24 percent in the first quarter as it recently realigned its online strategy, bringing the operation in-house after dispatching that segment to a third party for several years. In the first quarter, online sales accounted for 11 percent of overall sales, mainly in footwear and apparel, up from 9 percent a year ago.
First-quarter net income was $60.1 million, 59 cents a share, on sales of $1.9 billion, compared with net income of $58.2 million, 52 cents a share, on sales of $1.8 billion for the same period one year ago.
Same-store sales — sales at stores open for more than a year and a key measure of retailing health — fell by 2.5% compared to the same period one year ago.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 42 cents per share.
The company opened eight new stores in the first quarter, compared to not a single new store opening in the fourth quarter and 25 new stores in the first quarter of 2017. The Pittsburgh-based company now was 724 stores operating under the Dick's brand and 129 stores operating under the Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy brands, with total retail space of 42.1 million square feet.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Follow Jeff Platsky on Twitter @JeffPlatsky
Dick's Distribution Center Grand Opening in Conklin Chairman and CEO Edward Stack speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19 Chairman and CEO Edward Stacks speaks at the grand opening. 01 / 19
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
MILAN, April 5 Italian mid-sized bank Credito Valtellinese is offering a subordinated bond worth 150 million euros ($160 million) with a 10-year maturity and an 8.5 percent coupon, market sources said.
One of the sources said the issue was a "club deal" and would be offered to a group of investors.
Credito Valtellinese had tried to boost its Tier2 capital with a subordinated debt issue back in September but had not managed to place the bond after holding a roadshow to present it to investors. ($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Reporting by Valentina Za and Giulio Piovaccari, editing by Francesca Landini)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Two US warships have arrived in Doha for a joint military exercise with the Qatari Navy, a local news agency reported Wednesday, citing a statement by the Qatari defense ministry.
The ships were greeted at the port of Hamad in the capital's south at a time when the small nation's ties with its neighbors have reached a new low over its alleged sponsorship of terrorism in the region.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and other regional powers last week cut their diplomatic links with Qatar and embargoed all sea, air and land traffic to the country which host a huge US military base.
AP) — A Republican lawmaker from southeast Oklahoma who described a pregnant woman as a "host" is standing by their use of the term, saying their intent was not to offend anyone.
State Rep. Justin Humphrey of Lane said Monday they didn't know of a better term to describe a pregnant woman and apologized to anyone who took offense.
Humphrey used the term while discussing their bill that would require women seeking an abortion to first obtain the written informed consent of the father. The bill is scheduled for a hearing Tuesday in a House committee.
State Rep. Emily Virgin described Humphrey's comment as "incredibly disrespectful."
Oklahoma has passed some of the strictest anti-abortion bills in the country, although at least five have been struck down by the courts in recent years.
REMEMBER when we used to talk about the potential “super clubs” of the A-League?
Melbourne Victory and Sydney FC were normally the two put forward as being the most likely to make the leap into the sporting stratosphere, but as yet it hasn't quite happened.
But could Sydney FC in particular be about to take a giant leap forward?
Certainly the way they are dominating the A-League at the moment means they are the best-run operation in the country - in terms of the actual football at least.
INJURIES: The 39 outs decimating the A-League
PODCAST: ‘I don't want my Roos doing that': Biggest Arnie fear
TV WRAP: The A-League star eyeing surprise Roos call-up
Their last two performances have underlined how good Graham Arnold's team is.
A dogged display in Adelaide to grind out three points (always a fair indicator of a champion team), and then the annihilation of the Wanderers in the Sydney Derby – a display so complete, the only criticism is that they didn't score more.
Sydney's recruitment has been spot on, which goes a long way to explaining their success. Since finishing seventh in 2015-16, Arnold has brought in Alex Wilkinson, Michael Zullo, Josh Brillante, Danny Vukovic, Bernie Ibini (both now departed), Bobo, Andrew Redmayne, Jordy Buijs, Paulo Retre, Alex Cisak, Luke Wilkshire, Adrian Mierzejewski and Anthony Kalik.
Camera Icon Sydney players celebrate beating the Wanderers. Picture: Getty Images
Camera Icon Graham Arnold's recruitment has been key. Picture: Getty Images
With the exception of Cisak who is yet to really stake a claim, name me one out and out failure from that bunch. Tricky isn't it? It's a pretty impressive strike rate.
With 10 games gone, Sydney is a point better off this season than they were last year – worrying for the rest – and look well on track to emulate Ange Postecoglou's Brisbane Roar by going back-to-back. All that without the currently injured Milos Ninkovic.
But ultimately you sense, a salary-capped league will only help hasten the breaking up of Arnie's squad. But need it be the case?
It's my view that an already soft cap should be eased further – no, not just to help Sydney FC conspiracy theorists – but to help ALL our ambitious clubs achieve their full potential.
Look at the truly big clubs around the world. They reach those heights of popularity through consistent, sustained success. They are able to achieve that by investing in their squads, helped by the money they accrue through their on-field achievements.
Not just in terms of transfers, but in youth development and infrastructure such as stadiums and training complexes too.
It's easier of course, when leagues such as the ones in England attract such massive TV deals and sponsorship. Here in Australia, we have no such luxuries.
But change is coming – in fact, it was announced just last week that the financial rewards for competing in the Asian Champions League have been increased significantly.
Every win in the group stage in 2018 will earn a club over $66,000, on top of a $40,000 travel subsidy when teams play away.
A club winning a round of sixteen ties will earn over $132,000 - and any Australian club which can emulate the feats of the Western Sydney Wanderers in 2014 will be looking at a $4 million cheque, and total prize money of around $6 million.
By way of comparison, the Wanderers earned $1.5 million for winning in 2014.
On top of that, winning the ACL gives entry into the FIFA Club World Cup, which in 2017, offers over $1.3 million, just for avoiding last place in the seven-team tournament.
AFC says the increase puts its flagship competition into second place in world football terms behind the UEFA Champions League -- it's this financial injection that can help drive football in the region forward.
With China, India and the Gulf countries all investing millions in football, those figures are going to grow sharply you'd fancy.
So, don't we owe it to our clubs to give them the best possible chance to compete on that regional stage?
Camera Icon Nikolai Topor-Stanley and Tony Popovic with the ACL trophy. Picture: Getty Images
Camera Icon The Wanderers earned $1.5 million for winning the Champions League in 2014. Picture: Getty Images
The argument against is familiar: the need for an “equal” domestic league. Well, we already have a significant equalisation measure – it's called a top six finals system, where you still have a shot at the title, even if you lose more games than you win.
Our bigger, more ambitious clubs need help to strike out from Australia's fixation with restrictive sporting principles. Equalisation measures work in codes which have a purely domestic focus, but we're competing on a regional, even global level. The A-League may never be as big as the Premier League, but we can at least stop forcing our clubs to compete on the international stage with one hand tied behind their back.
Unlocking the riches in Asia can bring huge benefits to football here – investment in coaching, development, and particularly infrastructure that Sydney FC (and Victory among others), don't yet possess.
Give our successful clubs more room to compete on two fronts. Let them bring in better players or retain the ones they have if they can afford it. Let them reach for the stars if they are willing and able to do so.
Didn't David Traktovenko say they wanted Sydney to be the biggest brand in Asia? It's time to go for it, before the equalisation measures start to bite.
The standard of the domestic league overall should rise in concert. Clubs would have to get even smarter with their recruitment to compete. Remember too, there's a reason why the Real Madrid's and Manchester United's pack out grounds other than their own – followers of other clubs want to see their stars and beat the “big boys.” There's nothing wrong with having big clubs and small clubs – heck, we virtually have it in the A-League anyway.
Otherwise, every year we're reducing the league back to its lowest common denominator. Equality is fine if you're only competing among yourselves – but you have to lift the bar when you're taking on the rest of the world. Time we lifted our gaze beyond the parochial.
By Stephen Hawkins
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Joey Gallo hit their 33rd home run and the Texas Rangers also played some small ball in a 6-2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night.
Martin Perez (7-10) had a second straight solid start for Texas. The lefty made it through six innings without giving up any more runs after trailing 2-0 only three batters into the game.
The Rangers led for good when Delino DeShields had a safety squeeze bunt to make it 3-2 in the second. Rougned Odor scored from third, getting there on a stolen base after catcher James McCann threw behind them trying to pick them off second.
Odor had three hits, including a leadoff double in the fourth, and scored three times. It was Odor's second consecutive multihit game after going 0 for 17 the previous five games.
Gallo's eighth homer in August, a shot to center in the third, was estimated by MLB stats at coming off the bat at 112 mph and going 428 feet.
Detroit led 2-0 after Justin Upton's 23rd homer, a two-run shot to center before a spectacular catch by Drew Robinson ended the top of the first. The center fielder ran a long way before diving, then had their left arm fully extended with their glove only inches off the ground when they caught the ball.
Tigers starter Michael Fulmer (10-10) walked the first two Texas batters they faced. Nomar Mazara then drove in a run with the first of their three singles, and Adrian Beltre had a game-tying sac fly.
Perez had lost four straight starts before going eight innings at the Mets last Wednesday, limiting New York to one run and three hits. They struck out one and walked two against the Tigers while scattering six hits.
OUTTA HERE
Tigers 2B Ian Kinsler was ejected from the game during the middle of an at-bat in the fifth after having words with home plate umpire Angel Hernandez about balls and strikes. Manager Brad Ausmus also got tossed when they came out to discuss things.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Tigers: 1B Miguel Cabrera missed their second straight game because of back stiffness.
Rangers: Jake Diekman, who hasn't played yet this season after three operations to remove and rebuild their colon, threw 27 pitches during live BP. Manager Jeff Banister said the lefty reliever has been progressing nicely and called it a “very encouraging day.”
UP NEXT
Tigers: Justin Verlander (8-7) will try to win their fourth straight start. The right-hander threw eight scoreless innings last Wednesday against Pittsburgh, and has allowed only two runs over 21 innings their last three starts.
Rangers: A.J. Griffin makes their third start since coming off the DL. They have allowed five earned runs over 11 innings in their last two games.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CAIRO (AP) - Islamic State group claims the man who killed 4 people in the Belgian city of Liege was a 'soldier of the caliphate'
HONOLULU (AP) - Hawaii legislators are grappling with how to prevent suicides, the leading cause of fatal injuries in the state.
The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reports one person dies every two days by suicide in Hawaii.
The state Department of Health statistics show there was an average of 186 suicides a year from 2012 to 2016, compared to 120 in the early 2000s.
Democratic Hawaii Sen. Josh Green says mental health care and drug treatment in Hawaii is underfunded by tens of millions of dollars every year, and one direct result of this is far too many suicides.
The Prevention Suicide Hawaii Task Force presented a plan to reduce suicides in Hawaii by at least 25 percent by 2025.
Strategies include raising awareness about this preventable health problem through the press and social media.
Information from: Honolulu Star-Advertiser, http://www.staradvertiser.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Love or hate him; Henry Ford was a true pioneer in the auto industry. They created the moving assembly line, paid their workers almost double the going wage ($5 a day), and built the first mass-produced automobile, the Model T—all revolutionary innovations with long-lasting social and economic impact. But none would have been possible if Ford hadn't snubbed George Selden and the Association of Licensed Automobile Manufacturers (ALAM) in 1903.
In the early days of the American car business, ALAM held the auto industry hostage using patent no. 549,160. Authored by Selden, it outlined the design for a “safe, simple, and cheap road locomotive, light in weight, easy to control, and possessing sufficient power to overcome any ordinary inclination.” Selden and ALAM claimed it encompassed all types gasoline-powered engines. Anyone wanting to build a car had to bow and pay tribute to the dastardly duo, or they were brought to court and forced out of business. A nice little oligarchy, huh?
Ford told them to shove it and started building cars regardless. Of course, Selden and ALAM sued. While they lost the original case, the ruling was overturned on appeal in 1911. “The appellate court ruled that the Selden patent was valid, but only for cars made to its specifications,” says Paul Ingrassia, editor of the Revs Institute for Automotive Research in Maples, Florida; Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the Wall Street Journal; and author of several books on the automobile and automotive industry. “Since no working automobile had ever been built to Selden's design, automakers no longer had to pay the extortion, causing automobile production to boom and the industry to explode.
Over the last century, risk-taking like Ford's has been as much a part of the auto tradition as racing and gear lust. Detroit's most famous pioneer might have been the first risk taker, but they aren't the last. On Cars Technica's list of notable risk takers, some auto-adventurers put themselves directly in the limelight and became househole names; others operated in anonymity behind-the-scenes. But all changed their companies—and the industry—in positive ways.
A loan for a rainy day
Ford Motor Company's former President and Chief Operating Officer Alan Mulally will most likely go down as one of the Blue Oval' s most progressive, forward thinking leaders. They refocused the automaker on its core competency (building affordable, reliable vehicles), trimmed back the fat in its operating budget, and greenlit the use of lightweight building materials (aluminum) on a popular mass-produced vehicle, the F-150, when others were afraid to do so.
But it was their decision to mortgage company assets in 2006, securing nearly $24 billion in loans when the capital markets were thriving that'll go down as one of the most significant undertakings in the company's 100-plus year history. Financial analysts thought the move screamed of desperation. But it turned out to be the company's salvation, as the loans strengthened its balance sheet and to stand on its own two feet while crosstown rivals begged for bailout money from the U.S. government in 2009, endearing Ford to the American public. “He didn't make Ford's financial problems, ours too,” says Karl Brauer, executive publisher of Kelly Blue Book and KBB.com. “In the process, Ford captured significant market share from its rivals.”
I'll do that for a dollar
Today, no one thinks twice when a company's head honcho takes an annual salary of a dollar. Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page are in the dollar-a-year club. So are Twitter's Jack Dorsey and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. Today, the practice borders on the cliché, especially with all of the Golden Parachutes floating around corporate America.
But things were different when Lee Iacocca set the precedent in 1978 when they were chairperson of the board at Chrysler. The embattled automaker was in dire financial straits. To keep it from bankruptcy, Iacocca cut costs to the bone, fired redundant executives, and pushed the United Auto Workers (UAW) to accept huge salary and benefit reductions. Then they cut their salary, too.
“Iacocca's plan was shrewd—make their employees think that ‘We're all in this together'—and it worked,” says Leslie Kendall, curator of the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles. “He immediately became known as the Blue Collar CEO.”
It's still the exception to the rule that a CEO's pay and long-term benefit is 100 percent dependent on the success of the company. If Chrysler hadn't been resurgent, Iacocca would have made nothing, not just appear to make nothing.
Redefining the business
Elon Musk is on a mission to upend the auto industry. Not only has Tesla Motors' chief executive officer transformed the public's image of the electric car, but they have also reinvented the way traditional automakers think about technology and how it is integrated into the automobile. They did so by going on the offensive, painting traditional automakers as bloated behemoths tied to old technology and old ways of thinking.
At the same time, Musk portrayed Tesla as an innovative, altruistic alternative that offers a better, much smarter product than anything else on the road. The move worked. “In so doing, they have made the establishment re-think its assumptions about how to run a car company,” says David Cole, Chair of AutoHarvest and Chair Emeritus, Center for Auto Research at the University of Michigan. “The establishment is now following their lead, instead of the other way around. And Tesla hasn't made a dime!”
The birth of the catalytic converter
Passed in 1970, the first Clean Air Act required automakers to reduce new car tailpipe emissions by 90 percent within five model years. Most manufacturers were toying with mechanical means of doing it but were having no luck. General Motor's President Ed Cole greenlit the use of catalysts to scrub exhaust, and it worked. Catalysts convert exhaust pollutants into compounds that occur naturally in the atmosphere, allowing vehicles to run better, cleaner, and on less fuel. Combined with the use of unleaded fuel, they reduced emissions by 95 percent, the most significant reduction in pollutants ever!
That wasn't the risk, however. Cole was going against the wishes of their colleagues and the Nixon White House by outfitting every 1975 model GM with a catalytic converter. Everyone else wanted the transition delayed. “Delayed forever, [if possible],” says Rev's Ingrassia. Cole disagreed. They even threatened Big Oil. The catalytic converter required unleaded gasoline, while oil companies added lead to their gasoline as a cheap solution to engine knock. Cole didn't care. “He said ‘If you're not ready, people will simply have to buy different gas,'” says Ingrassia. Cole drew a line in the sand, and everyone capitulated.
CTV Atlantic
Four men are facing charges in connection with a Halifax home invasion that left a man injured, though police say they were not the intended target.
Halifax Regional Police responded to a home on Acadia Street shortly before 2 a.m. Tuesday after receiving a report that two men had forced their way inside.
Police say the men had their faces covered, were dressed in black, and one was armed with a knife. The suspects fled the scene in a vehicle, which was spotted by a responding officer not far from the home.
The vehicle was stopped and four suspects were arrested. They were held in police custody overnight.
A resident of the home was sent to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and has since been treated and released.
Police say the investigation has revealed that the victim and suspects are not known to each other, and the victim was not the intended target.
Shaquean James Bowden, 21, and Anthony Alfrado Corradini, 19, both of Halifax, and Darcy Raymond Delbert Caldwell, 28, and Kerry Lee Sampson, 31, both of Windsor, have all been charged with one count each of break and enter, assault with a weapon, assault causing bodily harm, and possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose.
Corradini has also been charged with one count of disguise with intent and three counts of breach of probation.
All four men are due to appear Wednesday in Halifax provincial court.
A major Canadian company has launched a t-shirt campaign to raise awareness about mental health issues and to help fund support services. The Hudson's Bay Company is a global retailer and this campaign is part of a larger one in which it pledges $6 million for mental health awareness by 2020.
The t-shirt reads “The Future Is Stigma Free” and aims to reduce negative attitudes around mental illness and the resulting reluctance on the part of some people to seek help. The t-shirt costs $33 and all of the money raised will go to the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health which is Canada's largest mental health teaching hospital and a leading research centre. The campaign also invites people to join a social media conversation and will contribute $5 for each post up to $100,000.
Many experience mental health problems
It's estimated that in any given year, one in five people in Canada will experience a mental health problem. About eight per cent of people will experience major depression at some point in their lives. Almost half of those who have suffered depression or anxiety have never seen a doctor about the problem.
There are several initiatives around this issue. Another major company, Bell, has undertaken a large campaign to raise awareness about mental health issues. And the government of Canada set up a special mental health commission in 2007 to advance mental health services.
INQUESTS into the deaths of five people including three children who lost their lives when a car ploughed into a tree in Leeds have been opened and adjourned at Wakefield Coroner's Court this morning.
Ellis Thornton-Kimmitt, 12, their brother, Elliott Thornton-Kimmitt, 14, Darnell Harte, 15, Robert 'Robbie' Meerun, 24, and Anthoney Armour, also 24, all died after the crash involving a Renault Clio in Stonegate Road in Meanwood, Leeds at 9.45pm on Saturday November 25.
Ellis (left) and Elliott Thornton-Kimmitt
Detective Inspector Andrew Naismith of West Yorkshire Police, told Wakefield Coroner's Court today (Mon Dec 11) that emergency services received a call just before 10pm on Saturday November 25 to a report of a road traffic collision on Stonegate Road.
Det Insp Naismith said the incident involved a Renault Clio, which had been reported stolen from outside the Wilkinson store at The Arndale shopping centre in Headingley.
The officer said the Clio was the only car involved in the collision.
Det Insp Naismith told the hearing that three "juvenile fatalities" were taken to Leeds General Infirmary.
Darnell Harte
The officer said the two adults who died were found on the pavement.
Senior Coroner David Hinchliff said provisional reports from post mortems revealed multiple injuries as the cause of death for all five people.
Mr Hinchliff was told there would be no need for further post mortem examinations and they issued burial and cremation certificates, which mean the families will be able to proceed with funeral arrangements.
The Thornton-Kimmitt brothers were from the Tinshill Mount in Tinshill, Leeds; Darnell Harte was from Miles Hill Street in the Potternewton area, Mr Armour was from Ebor Place, Hyde Park, and Mr Meerun was from St Mary's Close, Potternewton..
Robert Meerun
Mr Hinchliff adjourned the inquest to a date to be fixed.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with causing all five deaths by dangerous driving and is due to appear at Leeds Crown Court on Wednesday. (Dec 13)
Biloxi is finally closing the Saenger Theater for long overdue restoration work. The 88-year-old building is in desperate need of repairs.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
CLOSE Plant Nite participants gather at Southwest Florida bars and breweries to decorate their take-home plants. Register for an event in Naples, Fort Myers or Cape Coral at plantnite.com. Wochit
Buy Photo Floral designer Michael Gaffney gives a demonstration, sharing personal tips and tricks for arranging flowers at Kapnick Hall inside Naples Botanical Garden on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
There's a science behind the elegantly arranged bouquet of hydrangeas, or the bushel of roses with a trail of ivy a bride grasps as they walk down the aisle.
Like many beautiful things, it takes work.
About 150 gardening enthusiasts learned from one of the experts this week in an event hosted by the Naples Garden Club at Naples Botanical Garden. Michael Gaffney, director of the American School for Floral Design and world renowned floral designer, lead a workshop Monday on the patterns and formulas of floral design.
"It's a science more than anything," they said.
More: Husband and wife floral design team brings fresh, creative style to Naples
More: Garden education: Students learn sustainable gardening methods
More: Southwest Florida gardeners start slow recovery after Hurricane Irma
About 30 years ago Gaffney was working on Wall Street in New York City. While on vacation, they returned home to Milwaukee and found themselves driving the truck for a local florist. They fell in love with the business, and made a major career change.
"I started seeing the patterns and formulas of all great design," they said. "And it's very simple once you understand."
They spent six years learning the craft, and now Gaffney directs 14 floral design schools across the country. He's published two books, "Design Star" and "Flower Power," and has appeared on QVC, the Hallmark Channel and NBC's "TODAY" show.
Buy Photo Attendees take notes from floral designer Michael Gaffney, who gave a demonstration sharing personal tips and tricks for arranging flowers at Kapnick Hall inside Naples Botanical Garden on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
On Monday, Gaffney demonstrated how to build 10 different floral arrangements influenced by traditional design and today's current trends. Using elements of math, science and architecture, Gaffney said anyone can do what they do for a living.
They started their talk on the subject of flower longevity. It's a common misconception, they said, that flowers last three to five days in a vase. But using their five-step process, Gaffney says they can last up to one month:
Buy good flowers Submerge the flower underwater for 30 to 45 minutes to hydrate the petals Add a couple drops of bleach to the water to stop the growth of bacteria Spray flower with wax sealant for lasting freshness; Gaffney uses Crowning Glory, which is available on Amazon.com Cut a couple inches off the stem every two to three days
Floral design is a science, Gaffney said, because the most appealing floral designs follow the laws of nature. For example, a large flower in the middle serves as a focal point in most arrangements, just as new growth surrounds old growth in nature.
Gaffney also applies basic math with ratios of flowers. Their first arrangement was a heap of brilliant white hydrangeas, which they dust with alum powder (found in the baking aisle at the grocery store) to help encourage water uptake and keep the flower from wilting. They built a bottom layer of seven flowers, then added four in a middle layer and one on the top to complete the ensemble.
Buy Photo Floral designer Michael Gaffney gives a demonstration, sharing personal tips and tricks for arranging flowers at Kapnick Hall inside Naples Botanical Garden on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
Floral design also incorporates architecture, Gaffney said. They arrange in a pentagon shape, with a lower deck, middle deck and a "penthouse."
There are also more haphazard and unplanned arrangements — the wild and weedy "Napa Valley hot mess," as Gaffney called it, which is trending right now. Another was a European-style design, one that you might find in a Dutch painting. For those arrangements, they used crotons with splashes of red and deep orange, kale, dusty miller and even branches from a lime tree, fruit and all.
But even in the most wild arrangements, Gaffney applies their techniques of using leading lines to create movement.
"I follow patterns and rules," they said to the audience. "I'm a craftsman, that's what I do."
Attendees inspect an arrangement made by designer Michael Gaffney, who gave a demonstration sharing personal tips and tricks for arranging flowers at Kapnick Hall inside Naples Botanical Garden on Monday, Dec. 4, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily Ne)
Other tips and tricks from Michael Gaffney:
Buy a rose that's already open.
If you remove thorns on a rose, it creates air holes and it will wilt faster.
When adding a flower to a bundle, use a close, wrap and twist movement. Point the stem like a sword into a magician's box, Gaffney said, and then twist it into formation.
Use the "zone and cluster" technique to achieve the wild and weedy look.
All things in nature have filler, they said. Add leafy greenery to plug holes between blooms in an arrangement.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/life/home-garden/2017/12/11/formulas-and-patterns-behind-floral-design/921147001/
Not long after this, Dom's friendly fed, Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson), is contacted by the shadowy intelligence operative Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell) for a secret mission in Berlin. The mission goes smoothly until Dom turns on their crew and steals the super-dangerous electromagnetic pulse generator they were meant to recover.
The botched Berlin mission lands Hobbs in a super-max prison, where they face off with none other than Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), the tough-as-nails villain from the last movie. There's a jailbreak, and Hobbs and Shaw at long last get the chance to make out, er, battle mano-a-mano — until Mr. Nobody steps in with the news that Shaw, because of a previous beef against Cipher, is temporarily on our side.
So Hobbs must regroup with the crew — Letty, the fast-talking Roman (Tyrese Gibson), tech expert Tej (Ludacris) and super-hacker Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) — to figure out Cipher's next move. Too late they realize that move is an assault on Mr. Nobody's secret lair, both to steal a bit of surveillance software and to demonstrate how much Dom has turned to the dark side.
The script by Chris Morgan, now on their sixth "F&F" movie, eventually shows Dom's motivation, which is predictably tied up in the franchise's favorite word: "family." The story also gives Diesel, who seems to think of themselves as the Laurence Olivier of shaved-head muscleman actors, opportunities to trade dialogue with two Oscar winners, Theron and Helen Mirren (in a glorified cameo).
Director F. Gary Gray ("Straight Outta Compton") showed their auto-action chops with "The Italian Job," and the car stunts here are bigger and brassier. A set piece set in New York, as the crew has to dodge Cipher's army of computer-controlled cars, is crazily effective. The grand finale, involving a Russian submarine, is a mess but an exhilarating one, if only for the audacious absurdity of Johnson's Hobbs trying to punch out a torpedo.
"The Fate of the Furious" — which, Diesel has vowed, starts up a whole new trilogy for the series — has its problems. Theron, though a dynamic actor, has been given a character so mysterious that she's essentially a blank slate. Mr. Nobody's new sidekick, dubbed Little Nobody (Scott Eastwood), seems to exist only to fill Walker's slot of a blandly handsome actor who can drive. And the franchise's habit of turning bad guys into good guys hits its low ebb with the return of Statham's Shaw, as if we're supposed to forget all the members of Dom's "family" in past episodes that he's killed.
But the silly spectacle of "The Fate of the Furious" — with cars speeding about and Diesel and Johnson seemingly working on two different movies — makes it fairly irresistible. As with any multiple-car pile-up, one steers into the skid and hopes for the best.
movies@sltrib.com
Twitter: @moviecricket
The 33,641 fans at Coors Field were cheering for Bettis before they threw their first major league pitch of 2017. The crowd rose as they walked in from the bullpen before the start, and gave a big cheer as they went out to pitch the first inning.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
A celebration of the life of Jefferson Pruitt (J.P.) McBride, Jr. will be held on Tuesday Jan. 3, 2017 at 1 p.m. at First United Methodist Church in Minden. Interment will follow at Gardens of Memory in Minden. Visitation will be held Monday, Jan. 2, 2017 at Rose-Neath Funeral Home in Minden from 5 until 8 p.m.
J. P. was born on Aug. 17, 1926 in Shreveport and entered into rest Dec. 29, 2016. They proudly served in World War II and the Korean War. They were awarded the 2 star Korean Service Medal. They built a career working for South Central Bell where they remained for more than 30 years until their retirement. They married the love of their life, Barbara Staggs, in 1953 and the two spent 49 wonderful years with each other until their death in 2003. Together they moved to Minden in 1956 to raise their five children. They were known for their witty sense of humor and selfless nature. They graciously provided unconditional loving support to their friends and family. J.P. spent their adult years enjoying every possible moment with their family. Keeping in touch with their family was always a priority, especially their sisters, nephews, and nieces whom they loved and cherished deeply.
They were preceded in death by their wife, Barbara Staggs McBride; son, Patrick McBride; parents, Jefferson and Sarah McBride; brother, William McBride; and sisters, Juanita Pauline (Polly) Cordaro, Mary Lou Arnold and Eunice (Eunie) Cardone.
 They are survived by their children, Cheryl Lynn and husband Bob of Bethlehem, Georgia, Kathy Dickinson and husband Andrew of Minden, Lisa Gordon and husband Otha of Minden, Laura Milligan and husband Mike of Minden.  They are also survived by their sister, Emma Maude Latsos of Jessieville, Arkansas, brother-in-law Leslie Staggs and wife Elsie of Texas, sisters-in-law Nell Staggs of Texas and Nancy McBride of Mississippi. They spent many wonderful years as the sweetest and most caring PaPaw to their grandchildren, Christy Paulsen, Jason Lynn, Elizabeth Dickinson, Drew Dickinson, Jennifer Dickinson, Nikki Merritt, Jeffrey McBride and Lance Milligan; great-grandchildren, Annabelle, Layla and Walker Paulsen, Hayden and Lauren White, Jonathan and Joseph Dickinson, Adam and Daisy Woodard, Luke Dickinson, Hagan Hay and Liam Milligan; and great-great-grandchild Paisleigh White; as well as a thoughtful and loving “Uncle Sonny” and “Uncle J.P.” to numerous nieces and nephews.
Pallbearers will be Jason Lynn, Drew Dickinson, Adam Woodard, Luke Dickinson, Hayden White, Mark Hay, Johnathon Dickinson, Joseph Dickinson, Jeffrey McBride and Lance Milligan.
Honorary pallbearers will be Bobby Mourad, Harry Murphy and C.W. Greer.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
American and European statesmen responsible for the Libyan crisis should be finally held accountable, Italian geopolitical analyst Paolo Sensini has told Sputnik praising Russia's approach to the North African country's affairs and pinning hopes on former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam as a potential head of state.
The genuine causes of the Libyan war and the role the US and Western European powers played in it remains largely neglected by the mainstream media, Paolo Sensini, an Italian historian, geopolitical analyst and author of "Sowing Chaos: Libya in the Wake of Humanitarian Intervention," told Sputnik Italy.
"After Afghanistan and Iraq, Libya became yet another victim of the neocolonial war," Sensini said. "The international community should hold accountable those Western statesmen who are responsible for the social and humanitarian catastrophe in Libya."
In 2011 the Italian historian published a book entitled "Libya 2011" that exposed little-known but very important facts. In particular, it turns the spotlight on Libyan extremist movements that organized the coup, which was dubbed by Western media as "democratic." Additionally, it reveals the role of France, the UK, the US and the Persian Gulf states. According to Sensini, the Al-Arabia and Al-Jazeera media outlets waged an all-out war against Tripoli.
© AP Photo/ Mohammed el-Shaiky, File Russia to Propose Syria Reconciliation Scenario to Libya – Reports
According to the geopolitical analyst, Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's plan to adopt a Pan-African "Gold Dinar" currency to use it in trade for African resources instead of the US dollar and French franc, had become the trigger point for the imminent intervention.
"This caused a real tsunami," the Italian historian noted. "Gaddafi was called the enemy of the African financial system. This is confirmed by the email exchange between [then US Secretary of State] Hillary Clinton and [her aide and confidant] Sidney Blumenthal published by WikiLeaks."
The email entitled "France's Client and Qaddafi's Gold" revealed that Gaddafi's government "[held] 143 tons of gold, and a similar amount in silver," adding that the precious metals had been accumulated by the Libyan Central Bank "to establish a pan-African currency based on the Libyan golden Dinar."
"This plan was designed to provide Francophone African countries with an alternative to the French franc (CFA)," the report read.
Sensini pointed out that despite the fact that Gaddafi was financing the 2007 presidential campaign of former French leader Nicolas Sarkozy — which was denied by the French ex-president — the latter launched an aerial campaign against the Libyan government seeking to take control of Libyan crude by replacing the Italian energy company Eni with France's Total oil and gas corporation.
The Italian historian suggested that a return to the politics of Saif al-Islam, the son of Muammar Gaddafi, could facilitate the solution of the Libyan crisis. Sensini has focused attention on the fact that before their father's death Saif al-Islam Gaddafi had played an important role in the state and advocated rapprochement with the West. Following the Libyan coup the politician had been held in prison from November 2011 until June 2017 when they were released by rebels.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Fedorenko Saif al-Islam Gaddafi visits The Desert is Not Silent exhibition of Libya's ancient and contemporary art. File photo
'Russia Played Its Cards Well in Libya'
Sensini praised Russia for its approach to the Libyan conflict.
"I think that Russia played its cards well in Libya," they said. "After Russia has managed to cope with the crisis in Syria and actually saved the country from collapse at the hands of Takfiris [radical Islamic extremists], it began to play the Mediterranean game in the most reasonable way."
They highlighted that while pursuing its own strategic goals in the region, "Moscow is trying to mediate in the situations which the Americans pushed to the brink of disaster."
"A few days ago Putin said that Syria had been almost completely liberated from terrorists, and Daesh was almost completely destroyed," Sensini highlighted. "On the one hand, we see the importance of Russian intervention in the conflict, and on the other hand we see that after a period of relative peace, Israel continues bombardment, creating a dangerous tension."
On December 8, Israel conducted airstrikes against Hamas sites in Gaza killing two and wounding 15 others, as Press TV reported. The attacks have been carried out in response to rocket strikes successfully intercepted by the Iron Dome missile shield.
Libya has been engulfed by a civil war since Muammar Gaddafi's ouster in 2011. The country has de facto ceased to exist as a unified state. The international community's efforts to resolve the six-year-long conflict has resulted in the creation of the Tripoli-based Government of National Accord (GNA) led by Fayez Sarraj, who assumed the position of prime minister of the GNA in March 2016.
Meanwhile, a vast part of Libya is being controlled by the elected parliament, supported by the Libyan National Army (LNA), based in the city of Tobruk. Khalifa Haftar, a Libyan military officer and the head of the LNA, does not recognize the authority of the UN-backed government.
Besides the two major forces, there are numerous non-aligned tribes and armed groups. Some observers believe that Saif al-Islam Gaddafi's return to politics may break the Libyan stalemate.
The views and opinions expressed by Paolo Sensini are those of the analyst and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
Comments
comments
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win
In their own way, Travis Konecny makes an impact in Flyers' win Mar 18
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling
Flyers' Petr Mrazek hopes to get call in return to Detroit; Red Wings reeling Mar 19
Sam Carchidi became an Inquirer staff writer in 1984 and covered mostly South Jersey high school sports and the Phillies before taking the Flyers beat. Carchidi has written three books: the nationally acclaimed Miracle in the Making: The Adam Taliaferro Story, which they co-authored with Scott Brown; Bill Campbell: The Voice of Philadelphia Sports ; and Standing Tall: The Kevin Everett Story , which was featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show. They also contributed to a 1993 Inquirer book on the Phillies. A lifelong South Jersey resident, Carchidi lives in Wenonah with their wife, JoAnn, and their two children, Sara and Sammy.
Travis Konecny and Washington's T.J. Oshie slug it out in the third period of the Flyers' 6-3 win Sunday.
Travis Konecny didn't have any points in the Flyers' 6-3 win over visiting Washington on Sunday, but the feisty second-year winger made an impact.
Twice in the third period Konecny fearlessly threw their body in front of shots that smacked into their legs. They blocked one, fired by Christian Djoos, and limped off the ice and went to the locker room. They returned a short time later and blocked a shot by Dmitry Orlov.
They also got into a third-period fight with T.J. Oshie, who scored a decision but had to withstand a late flurry by Konecny. Oshie weighs 195 pounds. Konecny weighs 175, and as the Wells Fargo Center fans stood and saluted their effort, they headed back to the locker room for repairs because they injured their right hand when striking Oshie in the helmet.
When Konency (career-high 19 goals) returned, they got pats on their helmet and appreciative stick taps to their sore legs.
“He's awesome. It was great to see,” winger Wayne Simmonds said about a player who will probably be the team's captain in the distant future. “I keep telling him, that's what winners are made of. That's the type of effort we're going to need out of every single guy in the dressing room.”
Added Simmonds, who keyed the win with a pair of goals: “He blocks one shot, gets up slowly, gets off, gets right back on the ice, blocks another. You see them get high-sticked there [before the fight]. They didn't quit on the play and they battle with a guy that's probably 20 pounds bigger, maybe more. … but [Konecny] has the heart of a lion. You've seen that all year long.”
Defenseman Shayne Gostisbehere said Konecny “took some cannons to the thighs. It really shows the character of him. He's not just a skilled guy, but they can be gritty, too.”
Giroux ties Lindros
Claude Giroux, who cleanly won a faceoff to set up Gostisbehere's second-period goal, collected an assist and moved into a tie for fifth on the franchise's all-time scoring list with 659 points. The Flyers' captain is tied with Hall of Famer Eric Lindros.
Breakaways
Winger Michael Raffl suffered an upper-body injury in the third period and did not return. … The Flyers recorded consecutive wins for the first time in three weeks. … Robert Hagg had an assist and three hits as they returned to the lineup after missing four games with a lower-body injury. Brandon Manning was a healthy scratch as Travis Sanheim remained in the lineup. … Sean Couturier and Radko Gudas each had a pair of assists. … Goalie Petr Mrazek is expected to get the start Tuesday in Detroit against their former team.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Read more articles by
John Dennen
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
IN a ground-breaking interview about mental health, Prince Harry told the Daily Telegraph how they turned to boxing as theirs came to terms with the death of their mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
They said that they spoke to a professional about their mental health as they only began to address their grief many years after their death.
“I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well,” they continued.
As well as seeking professional help, taking up boxing as a hobby also proved to be an outlet for their frustration. They said, “During those years I took up boxing, because everyone was saying boxing is good for you and it's a really good way of letting out aggression.
“And that really saved me because I was on the verge of punching someone, so being able to punch someone who had pads was certainly easier.”
Read more about mental health and boxing here
SITE Santa Fe opens the doors of a remodeled contemporary art museum to visitors on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in the rail yard district of Santa Fe, N.M. Contemporary art is getting a prominent new pedestal with the latest transformation of the former beer warehouse. The makeover by New York-based SHoP Architects adds a snack bar, museum shop, lecture hall, outdoor "sky terrace," educational workshop space and an admission-free introductory gallery. Morgan Lee AP Photo
VAUGHAN, Ont. — Swiss Chalet Rotisserie & Grill will accept voice orders through the Google Assistant App.
The restaurant chain owned by Cara Operations Ltd. says the voice order feature allows customers to place an order for pickup or delivery through the app.
Users need to open the app and say "Ok Google, order from Swiss Chalet," which will prompt them to select from menu options or reorder their last meal.
Swiss Chalet's announcement comes as the company has been making a concerted effort to integrate technology into its operations.
The female contestant at the center of the swelling Bachelor in Paradise scandal has officially been identified.
Corinne Olympios has released a statement confirming that they were indeed involved in the incident that brought production on Season 4 to a standstill. According to reports, a producer reportedly expressed concern about an alleged sexual encounter between DeMario Jackson and another female cast member (now revealed to be Olympios).
Here's Olympios' full statement: “I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
Shortly after production was suspended over the weekend, Warner Bros. released its own statement, saying, “We have become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations. Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action.”
“Despite the fact that Apple pushed out iOS 11.4 on May 29 to iPads and iPhones, which included the long-awaited Messages in iCloud feature, the company did not release macOS 10.13.5 yet,” Justin Meyers reports for Gadget Hacks. “This newest version of High Sierra is only available in beta form right now, and it's required in order to sync messages across all of your Apple devices — not just iOS devices.”
“Apple usually released macOS updates hours after iOS updates, but Apple's own help page on the feature just tells users to ‘”Update your iPhone and iPad to the latest iOS and your Mac to the latest macOS,'” Meyers reports. “As of right now, the latest macOS version is 10.13.4, so even Apple's own help page is incorrect at this time since they haven't pushed out 10.13.5 yet.”
“To enable Messages in iCloud on a Mac, you would open Messages, then click ‘Messages' in the menu bar, followed by ‘Preferences.' There, you select the ‘Accounts' tab, and if it's available, you'll see ‘Enable Messages in iCloud' under the Settings option,” Meyers reports. “However, on macOS 10.13.4, the Messages in iCloud option won't show up at all.”
Read more in the full article here.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
As female elk get older, they adopt strategies for avoiding hunters in Canada, according to a study published June 14, 2017 in the open-access journal PLOS ONE by Henrik Thurfjell from University of Alberta, Canada, and colleagues.
Once female elk reach the age of about 10 years, they are nearly invulnerable to human hunters. This age-related difference could be driven only by selection by hunters -- or it could also be driven by learning. If learning is not involved, then individuals should not adjust their behavior as they age; for example, elk that survive could simply have been more cautious all along. If learning is involved, however, then individuals should adjust their behavior as they age. Female elk are ideal for differentiating between these two hypotheses, in part because they are highly gregarious and can live upwards of 20 years, increasing the opportunities for learning.
Thurfjell and colleagues fitted 49 female elk with ages ranging from 1-18 years old at the time of capture, in Alberta and British Columbia, Canada with GPS radiocollars, and tracked them for 2-4 years. The data included distance traveled with time, terrain ruggedness (slope), and forest cover. The researchers then modeled elk with behaviors that differed amongst individuals but were constant over time in a given individual, as well as elk that could learn to adjust their behavior with age.
The researchers found that the older elk adjusted their behavior, suggesting that learning plays a role in shaping their avoidance of hunters. Specifically, older female elk reduced their movement rates, thereby reducing their detectability and so the likelihood of encountering human hunters. In addition, older female elk increased their use of safer grounds -- rugged terrain and forest -- when they were near roads, where the likelihood of being spotted by hunters is highest. Interestingly, the researchers also found that elk could differentiate between bow and rifle hunters. Older females used rugged terrain more during the season for bow hunting than during that for rifle hunting, presumably reflecting the fact that bow hunters need to stalk their prey closely and this is more difficult on slopes. Rifle hunters, in contrast, can shoot over distances of up to 300 meters. This work may have implications for managers trying to impose behaviors on animals through learning; even a low risk, suggest the researchers, could induce avoidance behavior in more experienced individuals.
###
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available article in PLOS ONE: http://journals. plos. org/ plosone/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0178082
Citation: Thurfjell H, Ciuti S, Boyce MS (2017) Learning from the mistakes of others: How female elk (Cervus elaphus) adjust behaviour with age to avoid hunters. PLoS ONE 12(6): e0178082. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pone. 0178082
Funding: This work was supported by the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC, Grant number 364323-07) http://www. nserc-crsng. gc. ca/ index_eng. asp received by MSB; Alberta Conservation Association (Grant number RES0008502) http://www. ab-conservation. com/ go/ default/ received by MSB; Shell Canada Limited (Grant number 364323) http://www. shell. ca/ received by MSB, and the Carl Tryggers Foundation for Scientific Research (Grant numbers CTS 12:499, CTS 13:477) http://www. carltryggersstiftelse. se/ received by HT. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests: We have received funding from a commercial source: Shell Canada Limited. This commercial funder as well as all the other funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLOS ONE policy on sharing data and materials.
Project manager Phillip Rowley inspects drainage work at Horseshoe Lake which is on track to be completed by September.
Project manager Phillip Rowley inspects drainage work at Horseshoe Lake which is on track to be completed by September. Picture: Jon Gellweiler / South Western Times
Work at Horseshoe Lake in Bunbury is finally under way following several years of the much-needed drainage upgrades being put off.
Geographe Civil has been at the East Bunbury site since the start of February as part of a project to upgrade the lake's pump station to provide better flood protection.
City of Bunbury works and services director Gavin Harris said increased urban development and ageing infrastructure meant the project was necessary.
“The existing pipeline is old, deteriorated and has tree root intrusion issues ... the pumps are old and not meeting the expected demand due to their age and the way they are configured,” Mr Harris said.
“Current demand is higher than when they were originally constructed due to increased urban development in the storm water catchment area.”
The $1 million project was deferred for the past two years due to priority upgrades on Koombana Drive. Project manager Phillip Rowley said the works were tracking well and while workers would soon have to get off site for Western Power to move in temporarily, it was expected the project would be finished by September.
“Geographe Civil have been great, the project is going really well,” Mr Rowley said.
A replacement 980m pipe connecting the lake to Preston River, running under Robertson Drive has been completed and contractors were last week pressure testing.
Mayor Gary Brennan said they were happy to see the project going ahead.
“Most of it you can't see what's going on because it's all underground, but it's going to be a relief to the property owners in that area,” Mr Brennan said.
“When we get heavy rainfall the current drainage infrastructure can't cope, but this will certainly cope.”
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fintech company based in Canary Wharf is working to alleviate global poverty by increasing financial inclusion.
AinFin , based in One Canada Square's tech hub of Level39 , is inspired by the idea that individuals, communities and countries cannot improve their economic standing without proper access to financial services.
The company was founded in June 2016, and rolled out its Swifin e-money platform to Uganda in November where it works with communities which do not have access to banking - the “unbanked” - to help them save, transfer and withdraw money.
AinFin's chief executive and co-founder Dr Joy Braun was born and raised in the Philippines before moving to Europe and said they have always been aware of the important role financial services could play in improving life in developing countries.
They said: “If you look at the world, there are about two and a half billion people who are unbanked. In the continent of Africa, about 85% of the population is unbanked.
“If you don't have a bank account, it's difficult to access any financial services. All these people are still dealing in cash – travelling to the nearest town to collect it or storing it under their beds – and it's risky.
“If a country has limited access to liquidity, they will have a problem with economic development. It's the same thing in communities. If you don't have access to liquidity then progress will always be slow.
“We understand the role of financial services in the development process. It will be very, very difficult for any country to successfully allow economic development without a fully functioning financial system.”
They added: “We want to democratise banking. When more people are part of the financial system it's good for the community and it's good for the individual. It's good for the whole world to open up the global financial market.”
AinFin uses a variety of systems to help people access money, from apps on smart phones to distributed bank cards. For a pilot scheme alongside the UN, the company provided refugees living in Ugandan camps with individual codes that they could repeat to agents or merchants in order to directly access or transfer money.
The company, which has just launched in Cameroon, is also hoping to expand across the UK and Europe to help bring financial services to anyone who needs them.
Joy said: “We want to make it easier for companies to access their money. We want to provide better services than banks. Our technology is advanced enough to change the entire banking system, and we have been able to show that targeting social development goals can have a financial benefit for our investors.
“Our platform is future-proof. We are ready to include innovations to the platform, but first and foremost, we need people to have access with whatever they have in terms of technology. You can't force people to use something more complicated or more expensive than they are used to. We are slowly bringing them into the tech world.
“When you're a business in London there are a lot of emerging technologies and you get pushed in the direction of using them. But really, the more important challenge for us is getting the poor and unbanked to be a part of the whole system. That's where the greatest social benefit will be.
“We are democratising banking across the world. Anyone can be a part of it. Wherever we can make a difference, that's where we'll go and that's what we'll do. “
Follow The Wharf on Twitter and Instagram @thewharfnews
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
PITTSBURGH (AP) - A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Liam Doran feels that a move to the European race format using more permanent tracks can help improve driving standards in American rallycross.
The now defunct Global Rallycross series almost always used temporary tracks, built in the days leading up to each event. One of the biggest criticisms of the former series from rallycross purists was the poor driving standards, something Doran feels was down to the nature of the tracks rather than the drivers.
“I don't ever blame the driving standards in GRC with how bad it was, I blame the tracks,” they said. “I think that the new track layout and the new racing style will solve a lot of those problems.”
“The driving standard is good here [in Americas Rallycross]. I think that the new format will fix a lot of the driving standards.”
Doran had a tough battle with Scott Speed in the final of the season opener at Silverstone, resulting in contact a number of times, but both were ultimately able to complete the race and finish on the podium.
“I'm happy with racing those guys and as shown with Scott Speed in the final.” they said. “We railed each other for a lap – we were budging, we've got tyre marks down the side of each of our cars, and we got round the track, we both got out of it on the other side.”
“That's the way you have to do it, that's why rallycross is cool, and that's why it's my favourite sport and my favourite thing to do in the world,” they added. “It's when you have to pull off because your wheel's hanging off when it shouldn't happen.”
Fujitsu PrimeFlex achieves VMware and Microsoft certification
Fujitsu has announced the completion of VMware and Microsoft certification across its line-up of PrimeFlex integrated systems for hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) based on the latest Fujitsu PRIMERGY M4 server range.
This gives customers moving to HCI or scaling an existing deployment the guarantee that Fujitsu's configurations for software-defined storage are fully supported by two market-leading software providers.
HCI is particularly effective in handling scale-out workloads, providing extra capacity where demand for compute and storage resources rises and falls in tandem. A popular use case in this context is the deployment of virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI), where usage of compute and storage resources typically follows a similar curve.
By choosing software-certified, pre-configured and pre-integrated Fujitsu PrimeFlex servers, customers can achieve the benefits of VDI, as well as other HCI use cases, more quickly, at lower total cost of ownership (TCO), and with minimal risk.
Specific software certification is assured through a choice of three integrated systems: PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN, PrimeFlex for VMware Cloud Foundation, and PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct. PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN and PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct can be deployed in remote and branch office (ROBO) environments, for example, providing an easy-to-scale architecture with simplified integration, automatic discovery of new compute and storage resources, and the elimination of external backup in remote locations.
In the case of PrimeFlex for VMware vSAN, Fujitsu has achieved component certification, which validates all the single hardware components inside its server systems as compatible with VMware vSAN software. It has also achieved system-level certification via vSAN Ready Nodes, specifying requirements for complete systems with different sizings of disk capacity, CPU or memory.
Certification for PrimeFlex for Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct is also at the level of both single components inside a system and for complete systems (WSSD Premium). With certification at both the component and system levels for VMware and Microsoft, customers have complete reassurance about the reliability of Fujitsu's PrimeFlex integrated servers when used with software from these important vendors.
Fujitsu now also supports all-flash VMware vSAN server configurations in PrimeFlex for VMware Cloud Foundation, giving users significantly higher I/O performance.
Now We're 64
By Jay Jay French
I grew up as the world's No. 1 Beatles fan — at least in my mind. Although just about everything The Beatles released had 100 percent of my loyalty, the movie Magical Mystery Tour (MMT) betrayed the limits of that unflinching support.
I read everything about The Beatles. Starting at the age of 11 — and being 20 years old when the band split up—I had no idea how clinically polished the news and publicity was about them. No one did — at least not the buying public. They kept all of the internal conflicts and politics well out of the public eye.
It really is not surprising. Remember, we were still in a era where ­— even if certain members of the press knew what was going on within a celebrity's life — a ‘gentleman's agreement' between reporter and record label (or publicist) kept most of the negative stuff out of the media. We believed what we were told. TMZ and other intrusive media outlets did not exist to tell us the salacious gossip we now take for granted.
With the exception of John Lennon's ‘Jesus quote,' Beatles fans like myself were exposed to only the most perfectly curated and flowery descriptions of the greatest band in history. The Beatles were our pivot point. We went where they told us to go and we did what they told us to do. Their music was literally everywhere, all the time.
Less than four years after “I Want To Hold Your Hand” wiped out just about everything that came before it, Sgt. Pepper's June 2, 1967 release reaffirmed the band's entire command of all things media. It also reaffirmed their command on those of us who looked up to them as the musical holy grail of the 20th century.
None of us (the rank-and-file fans) had any idea about the drama, the crises, the personal struggles and interband politics that were roiling under the surface. We simply read about the next fantastic Beatle project, and eagerly waited for the next moment and ran with it. All the other amazing music now bursting forth from our radios and record players was simply a holding pattern until the next Beatles arrival.
Rolling Stone magazine also began in 1967 but although they took critical shots at the likes of Hendrix and Cream, publisher Jann Wenner held back (at least for a couple of years) on any critical inside information they might have known on The Beatles. That was the power The Beatles had on the U.S. music press.
So much was the power of the Beatle mystique that when The New York Times ran a negative review of Sgt. Pepper, 22-year-old author Richard Goldstein had to deal with the professional fallout for 50 years. Furthermore, while is having become fashionable for many critics to now proclaim Sgt. Pepper as an overblown concept album whose material doesn't stand up to Revolver and Rubber Soul, I will stand behind it as the absolute pinnacle of their artistic contribution in the 20th century.
If you didn't notice, there was no special 50th anniversary release of Rubber Soul or Revolver. While both are amazing albums, one cannot, in all seriousness, compare the after-effect of those releases to Sgt. Pepper. Sorry.
In today's environment, a bad review is almost expected. And most bands and artists revel in them as badges of courage. That shows how much times have changed.
In the ‘60s, fans had yet to learn how much George felt that John and Paul were screwing them out of writing credits by limiting their song participation to only two tracks per album. We didn't have any idea how bad John's heroin problem had become. And we really had no idea how much the entire band felt that Paul hijacked almost all the creative decisions after the release of Revolver.
Up until that bad NYT Sgt. Pepper review, The Beatles were always treated as the ‘special child,' ‘the favorite son,' “The Chosen Ones.” What a luxury that must have been. Screw with them and you lost access to the most important band in history.
One would think then that, having wallowed in the immense afterglow of Sgt. Pepper, followed by the first live televised broadcast performance of “All You Need is Love” to an estimated worldwide audience of 1 billion people, that this was as bulletproof an image as there ever was in popular culture.
But then a funny thing happened on the way to the asylum.
In as little as two months — August 27 to be exact — the spectacularly insulated and internal Beatle universe was turned upside down with the unexpected death of their manager Brian Epstein.
Much has been written about Brian, especially near the end of their life and their paranoia that the band possibly would not have re-signed with them as their contract was nearing its end. How the band no longer might have needed the services of a manager as they had decided to no longer tour. How Brian was so depressed about the possibility of losing the greatest entertainment asset the world had ever known.
While speculation will always be a factor in their history, one thing we know is true: Without Brian's guiding hand as a manager, a creative force left to their own devices would and could make decisions that are best left to less emotionally involved persons (i.e. a manager).
So, in September of 1967, coming off of what could be considered one of the greatest two months in their history, The Beatles were left essentially rudderless and like many performers, left to the whims and devices of the strongest personalities and dynamics of the group.
In this case.Paul McCartney and their idea to make a “home” movie called Magical Mystery Tour.
In December 1967 I got a job at a head shop on the Upper West Side in Manhattan called Prana. It really was a stoner paradise. We played albums constantly, and it was there, in that head shop, that I heard the album MMT for the first time.
American Top 40 radio, ironically The Beatles' “best friend,” had no official single to promote since the double A-sided “Penny Lane/ Strawberry Fields” the previous February and so the lead single from MMT “Hello, Goodbye” was all over the radio — both AM ‘Top 40' and the brand new free-form FM stereo broadcast.
The songs on side two of MMT seemed somewhat random and, in fact, we later learned, the entire album was haphazardly put together from a British double EP called Magical Mystery Tour containing all six songs on side one of the U.S. release. On side two, Capitol records reverted to their oft-repeated exercise of ‘creating' an album of collections of songs not previously released in album form. In this case, side two of the U.S. release contained five incredible songs: “Hello, Goodbye,” “Strawberry Fields Forever,” “Penny Lane,” Baby, You're A Rich Man” and “All You Need Is Love”.
The movie Magical Mystery Tour was broadcast in the U.K. on December 26, 1967 and repeated again in January of 1968.
In the states, it didn't get to theaters until 1974, so I can't tell you how I would have felt to see it broadcast, in real time, in the U.K. as the EP was released.
I can tell you that the reviews from the British press, however, were pretty scathing from what I had read at the time.
This was very unusual to say the least.
No one ever had a bad thing to say about anything they had done up to that point except for the NYT review, which, by the way, the paper apologized for shortly after.
This time, however, it was the British press having a field day over how bad the MMT movie was.
And how important was it to be stoned to listen to the music? Well, the band pretty much directs you to “Roll up for the Magical Mystery Tour” and side one ends with the chant “smoke pot” from “I Am The Walrus.”
In December 1967, I sure did, and when you see the movie, it pretty much sums up what condition you should be in to watch it! Only in that stoned condition will any of its absurdity make sense.
Maybe.
When I finally saw the movie in 1974, I was no longer getting stoned and so the humor, although I knew something about the existential absurdity what they were going for, fell flat.
The slowly dripping information concerning the movie as a McCartney vanity project now makes more sense but it still doesn't make up for the arrogance that anyone, except for an inner circle that got all the jokes, would feel that this movie should have been broadcast on British TV.
And yes, it appeared that the inmates (in this case a bossy Paul, a heroin-soaked Lennon, a seemingly compliant Harrison and Ringo (y'know, a drummer) had no one (i.e., Brian Epstein) to say “Hey, this is not something we want to bore the public with.”
As a Monty Python fan, I get British humor and have a pretty wide tolerance for this kind of stuff. This movie just about missed on all cylinders unless you are a blind Beatles fan who will spend two hours indulging in anything Beatles.
Yes, I am one of those but…like I said, I have only seen the movie straight.
Maybe, if I saw it on acid back in ‘67, I may have laughed my way through it.
What makes this frustrating is that the music that leads the movie is actually pretty damn great: “Magical Mystery Tour,” “The Fool On The Hill,” “Flying” (one of only a handful of Beatles songs whose writing credit is given to all four members), “Blue Jay Way,” “You're Mother Should Know” and “I Am The Walrus.” All memorable, if not (in the case of “I Am The Walrus”) downright legendary.
So I decided to watch the movie yet again (on Blu-ray) for this column.
The movie is 53 minutes long. Nineteen of those minutes are the video vignettes in which the band is lip-syncing the six official songs on the album soundtrack.
When originally broadcast in the U.K. in 1967 it was shown in black and white! Color sets were available but very few had them and when it was shown again a week later, in color, hardly anyone could see it.
Now of course, we can see it in glorious color and the music is (again) remastered for 5.1 sound.
This movie needs all the H-E-L-P it can get!
The best four minutes of the movie (also the most dramatic) of the video/songs is “I Am The Walrus” which I still found exciting to watch.
The final scene, which features the Fabs dancing down a staircase to the song “Your Mother Should Know” is pretty entertaining especially because it signals the much anticipated end to this ill-conceived exercise.
Once you subtract the 19 minutes from the 53, you are left with about a half hour of disconnected set pieces that may have been quite funny home movies but not worth much of anything other than “Well, this is how the greatest band in the world, when left to their own devices and stoned out of their minds, spends their time.”
To put it another way, imagine if the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory was directed by Syd Barrett.
That about sums it up.
I strongly doubt that Brian Epstein would have let this one out of the can.
The inmates finally got to run the asylum and, no, it wasn't funny!
Jay Jay French is the founding member, guitarist and manager of Twisted Sister. French is also a motivational speaker and writes a business column for Inc. com.
In the U.S., a child who dies before their or their 13th birthday is most likely a victim of a motor vehicle crash.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found that children 12 and younger died in a passenger vehicle at a rate of nearly two a day.
Parents, make sure your child is in a car seat that is right for their age and size.
When you seat your child in the right car seat for their age and size, you help secure their future.
For more information, visit http://www.safercar.gov/therightseat
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback and Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast have asked the state's Attorney General to look into the reported potential closure of a Topeka hospital.
Attorney General Derek Schmidt confirmed Friday they will launch an inquiry aimed at ensuring the charitable assets of St. Francis remain in Kansas.
According to a release, the hospital's parent company maintains over $2 billion dollars in assets, yet is seeking to “divest” St. Francis, possibly leading to its closure.
St. Francis came to the state in 1858 through an organization called Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth. The organization is still considered a non-profit corporation under Kansas law.
The actions seek to protect Kansas-based charitable assets from being improperly transferred from the state leading to the closure of St. Francis.
“St. Francis has benefitted from its status as a Kansas charity for many years, and it is important to make certain that such charitable assets are properly managed and remain in Kansas,” stated Brownback in a news release. “The charitable assets should stay here for the benefit of Kansans, to serve their stated mission of improving the health of those who are poor and vulnerable. Northeast Kansas needs the medical services St. Francis provides.”
Schmidt's office has the authority to safeguard Kansas charities. The Attorney General says it would be “deeply-troubling” if the owners decide to close the hospital.
“The absence of meaningful consultation with local leaders compounds the concern, particularly in light of the considerable benefits the people of Kansas have bestowed on this charitable operation over the years,” stated Schmidt.
A St. Francis spokesperson could not comment on the rumored closure, but an announcement on the hospital's future is expected on Tuesday.
According to several Facebook posts, hospital employees and members of the Topeka community will hold a candlelight vigil Monday night. The vigil will start at 8 p.m. in the east parking lot.
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MACOMB, Ill. – A pet store owner accused of leaving dozens of their animals to die inside a store with no electricity faces felony animal cruelty charges, according to WQAD.
Police arrested 38-year-old Jessica Spangler, of Avon, Illinois. She's charged with aggravated cruelty to animals after an investigation revealed 41 animals died as a result of their neglect – primarily rodents, birds and reptiles.
Another 56 animals, including two cats, survived and have been fostered.
Police said they found numerous dead and poorly cared for animals inside Macomb Pet Land while responding to complaints of a foul odor Saturday.
"Once officers entered the business they were overwhelmed by the smell of dead animals and ammonia," says Macomb Police Chief Curt Barker. Power had been shut off since May 14 because no one was paying the bills, authorities said.
During a press conference on Tuesday, Chief Barker said Spangler claimed not to know that the animals weren't being cared for, and said they had arranged for someone to check on them.
Barker also urged people to have patience as the case goes forward, noting Spangler had become the target of social media threats.
"Justice will be done," they said. "Please be patient and let the process take place."
Spangler was booked into the McDonough County, where they were released on a $10,000 bond.
Police say more arrests are likely forthcoming.
"We heard the bird in there," said Bill Dunaway, whose business neighbors the pet store. "That's how we knew there were animals in there, but we had no idea there were that many."
They say they tried to help, and that more animals could have been saved if someone acted sooner.
"I was wondering why it took so long, honestly. Because I know we've been reporting. I know there are steps that need to be taken, but I wish someone would have gotten there sooner," Dunaway said.
“The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments,” Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat, said via Twitter on Monday evening. A 2015 state law prohibits the removal of any “object of remembrance” on public property that “commemorates an event, a person, or military service that is part of North Carolina's history” without legislative approval.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
If Matthew Stafford signs an extension with the Lions this summer, he'll do so on their own terms.
Despite a report from ESPN that Stafford intends to wait until Derek Carr inks a new deal with the Raiders before signing one of their own, Stafford said on Wednesday that neither Carr nor Kirk Cousins of the Redskins will have any bearing on their negotiations with the Lions.
“I'm not too worried about what those guys do. I'm just worried about trying to get better out here. That's pretty much all I can say. This time of year to me is football time. I'm out here playing football, trying to get better to help this team win,” said Stafford.
The Lions quarterback is entering the final year of a three-year, $53 million extension they signed in 2013. If and when Stafford re-ups, he's expected to land a contract that will surpass that of Andrew Luck, who's currently the highest-paid player in the league.
Luck signed a five-year extension last summer with the Colts that pays them an average of $24.5 million per year.
Both Carr and Cousins are expected to surpass Luck's annual salary as well.
Cousins and the Redskins have until the July 15 franchise-tag signing deadline to work out a new deal. The team already franchise tagged them in February, so he's guaranteed at least $23.94 million in 2017.
Carr has set the start of training camp as their deadline for landing a new contract with the Raiders.
Stafford, meanwhile, said they have “no timetable” for coming to an agreement with the Lions.
“The only time I ever talk about (my contract) or think about it is when you guys ask me questions about it, honestly. I just go out there and play ball, try to be aggressive and get better,” they said.
Stafford, 29, is coming off a season in which they garnered MVP consideration until a finger injury hindered them over the final month. They threw for over 4,300 yards, completed over 65 percent of their passes and finished with 24 touchdowns to just 10 interceptions.
Given the rising NFL salary cap and the soaring market for quarterbacks, Stafford has a legitimate chance to become the highest-paid player in the league with their next contract.
Major work to shore up a landslip under a road linking two communities has hit trouble.
Today Gloucestershire County Council admitted that the target date for reopening Horsley Hill between Horsley and Nailsworth will be missed by up to five weeks.
Work started on Monday, July 31 and it was expected to take up to 15 weeks, and reopen on Friday, November 10 at the latest.
But the reopening date could be put back as far as Friday, December 15.
The B4058 Horsley Hill is the main route between Nailsworth and Horsley but it has been reduced to one lane because of a landslip which happened four years ago.
Direct link between town and village shuts for 15 weeks and the official detour is 11 miles
School run parents and other road users have faced an official detour of 11 miles – up to 44 miles a day, while Caroline Saturley of The Hog pub in Horsley and other villagers organised a street party last weekend to lift villagers' spirits.
Yesterday, Gloucestershire County Council showed parish, town, district and county councillors around the site. That party included Labour county councillor for Nailsworth and Horsley, Steve Robinson and Conservative cabinet member for highways and flood, Vernon Smith.
Mark Darlow-Joy, county council contracts manager said: “When carrying out these much-needed improvement works, crews came across some unavoidable setbacks.
"These include a two week delay due to Severn Trent Water works, a further two week delay because of unexpected BT services and a one week set back caused by multiple holes, some up to 21 feet deep.
“Unfortunately due to these reasons, and the ground being in worse condition than expected, it is still very unsafe and will have to remain closed for up to an additional five weeks.
"We would like to apologise for this inconvenience and reassure people that we're working with contractors to get the work completed as quickly as possible.”
Here's the latest booking activity from the Reno County Jail. This information is provided by the Reno County Sheriff's Office and is not criminal history. The Hutch Post assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, or completeness, of this information. All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. ——————————————
1/2/2017 Morris Craig Dwayne $700 DL Violation; Drive while Susp/Revoked/Cancelled; 2 or more convictions
1/2/2017 Morris Craig Dwayne $700 Insurance; Fail to Maintain Liability Insurance
1/2/2017 Morris Craig Dwayne $700 Registration Violation; No/Expired License Plate
1/1/2017 Touzel Elizabeth Mae $0 Failure to Appear
1/1/2017 Touzel Elizabeth Mae $0 Failure to Appear
1/1/2017 Valtierra Jr Jesus Manuel $0 Battery; Domestic; Rude, Insulting or Angry Physical Contact (1st conviction)
1/1/2017 Tamayo Marielena Jacque $0 Battery; Domestic; Rude, Insulting or Angry Physical Contact (1st conviction)
1/1/2017 Tamayo Marielena Jacque $0 Purchase or Consumption of alcoholic beverage by minor
1/1/2017 Silva-Ochoa Daniel $0 Ignition Interlock Device; Operate MV without device during restriction
1/1/2017 Silva-Ochoa Daniel $0 DUI; Incapable of Safely Driving Vehicle; 2nd Offense
1/1/2017 Couts Christopher James $0 DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 2nd Offense
12/31/2016 Thier Michael Don $0 DUI; Alcohol Concentration .08 or more shown by competent evidence; 2nd Offense
12/31/2016 Narron William Alan $6,500 Drugs; Possess Opiates/Opium/Narcotic (Cocaine, Meth, Oxy, Hydrocodone)
12/31/2016 Narron William Alan $6,500 Battery; Domestic; Rude, Insulting or Angry Physical Contact (1st conviction)
12/31/2016 Narron William Alan $6,500 Criminal Restraint
12/31/2016 Narron William Alan $6,500 Drugs; Possess Paraphernalia with intent to Store/Ingest/Inhale Controlled Substance
12/31/2016 Chacon Jr Patrocinio Miguel $0 Failure to Appear
12/31/2016 Eye Alexandrea Ann $0 Failure to Appear
12/31/2016 Eye Alexandrea Ann $0 Failure to Appear
12/31/2016 Castle Cole Lucas $0 Probation Violation
12/31/2016 Taylor Straun Mikael $0 DUI; Alcohol Concentration within 3 hrs is .08 or more; 2nd Offense
Full Jail Log
Green-fingered youngsters have been having allot-ment of fun at a shopping centre.
Pupils from Richardson Dees Primary School in Wallsend have been busy tending to the roof-top garden at The Forum.
The garden idea came from centre manager Nick Lambert, who was keen to develop the centre's partnership with the school, by providing the pupils with a space which they could cultivate.
In just a couple of months, the eight to 10-year-olds have transformed the garden into a little oasis, thanks to their commitment and enthusiasm.
As well as flowers, they have been growing a range of delicious fruit, vegetables and herbs fit for the kitchen table. When they are ripe and ready for harvest, they will pick the produce to share with their fellow pupils and their families.
Teaching assistant Laura Wilson, who co-ordinates the school's gardening, said: “The benefits for the children being involved in this project are wide ranging – as well as learning more about gardening, it promotes healthy eating choices as they sample the produce they have grown from seeds.
“The project gives the pupils a sense of responsibility and brings their learning alive, as they see the seeds that they have planted grow and flourish. The roof garden also provides a relaxed and informal environment for the children to increase their confidence and self-esteem.”
Nick added: “We are committed to further developing our relationships with local schools, such as Richardson Dees Primary School, and other groups in the community.
“By partnering with the school to deliver a fun, hands-on activity for the children to get involved with, we have transformed a previously unused space into garden with a seed to plate ethos, complete with a greenhouse and raise beds.
“One of the great things about this project is as has progressed, the pupils knowledge has grown, their confidence has soared and they have now taken ownership of the space, making suggestions and leading decisions concerning the garden.”
Last weekend's massacre in Las Vegas is only the latest reminder of the persistent gun violence in the United States. And a new set of statistics on the rates of gun violence not related to conflict underscores just how outsize U.S. rates of gun deaths are compared to those in much of the rest of the world.
Take countries with the top indicators of socioeconomic success — income per person and average education level, for instance. The United States ranks ninth in the world among them, bested only by the likes of Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Iceland, Canada and Finland.
Yet while those countries all also enjoy low rates of gun violence, the U.S. has the 31st highest rate in the world: 3.85 deaths due to gun violence per 100,000 people in 2016. That was eight times higher than the rate in Canada, which had .48 deaths per 100,000 people — and 27 times higher than the one in Denmark, which had .14 deaths per 100,000.
The numbers come from a massive database maintained by the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) that tracks lives lost in every country, in every year, by every possible cause of death. The figures for 2016 were released just last month. As in previous years the data paints a fairly rosy picture for much of the world, with deaths due to gun violence rare even in many countries that are extremely poor — such as Bangladesh and Laos, which saw .16 deaths and .13 deaths respectively per 100,000 people.
Prosperous Asian countries such as Singapore and Japan boast the absolute lowest rates, though the United Kingdom and Germany are in almost as good shape.
"It is a little surprising that a country like ours should have this level of gun violence," says Ali Mokdad, a professor of global health and epidemiology at the IHME. "If you compare us to other well-off countries we really stand out."
To be sure, there are quite a few countries where gun violence is a substantially larger problem than in the United States — particularly in Central America and the Caribbean. Mokdad says a major driver is the large presence of gangs and drug trafficking. "The gangs and drug traffickers fight amongst themselves to get more territory, and they fight the police," says Mokdad. And citizens who are not involved are often caught in the crossfire.
Mokdad said drug trafficking may also be a driving factor in two Asian countries that have unusually large rates of violent gun deaths for their region: the Philippines and Thailand.
With the casualties due to armed conflicts factored out, even in conflict-ridden regions such as the Middle East, the United States rate is worse than all but one country: Iraq.
The U.S. gun violence death rate is also higher than nearly all countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, including many that are among the world's poorest.
One more way to consider this data: The IHME also estimates what it would expect a country's rate of gun violence deaths to be based solely on its socioeconomic status. By that measure, the U.S. should only be seeing .79 deaths per 100,00 people — almost five times less than its actual rate of 3.85 deaths per 100,000.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Expect the warmest day of the year so far on Tuesday as a sunny, dry, above average stretch continues!
We've hit 70s ONCE this year – March 12th at 73°. We'll reach 70s again with mid to upper 70s through Thursday.
Some locations will even see low 80s!
High pressure remains in control today keeping us dry and warm before gradually pushing to the SE on Wednesday – before opening the door to a low approaches from the SW late week. That will allow us to see a slight chance of scattered showers Friday before a chance of showers Saturday-Monday.
Tuesday morning there's a pretty good spread in temps. 30s-50s to start – with our warmest spots along the coast and in the south sound. But it is CHILLY in the mid to upper 30s in places like: Olympia, Bellingham Port Townsend, Port Angeles and Chehalis.
Also breezy to windy for the Cascades and the Cascade foothills to start with gusts up to 30-40mph in the morning hours. Gusty winds won't really be an impact for the rest of us.
Tuesday will be warm—but probably won't break a record. Record to beat is 77°, that's 17° above average.
Q13 News Meteorologist Katie Boer dropped Wednesday's highs down just a tad – so we probably won't break a record there.
By Thursday highs are around 79-80° and the record is at 82° so… it'll at least be close.
A developer is proposing to build a $100 million floating wharf at the Port of Broome for cruise ships and oil and gas vessels.
Kimberley Marine Support Base has struck a deal with the the Kimberley Ports Authority to develop a business case for the project.
The developers involved were responsible for the Onslow Marine Support Base which opened last year.
A floating wharf is considered as a potential solution for passengers of cruise ships to reach Broome during extreme local tides.
The installation of heavy lifting equipment would expand the capacity of the port to handle all oil and gas equipment.
The Andrew Natta-led KMSB has predicted the project would create hundreds of construction jobs.
KPA chief executive Kevin Schellack said developer would have until early 2019 to build the business case for review by the authority and the State Government.
If the project was considered viable, KPA would enter into a lease with KMSB and seek approvals to develop the land and sea bed.
"KPA is very aware of the billions of dollars of investment happening off the Kimberley coast by oil and gas operators,” Mr Schellack said.
“We are encouraged by this opportunity to capture more of the on-shore benefits from this activity while also providing greater opportunities for cruise ship access into Broome.”
“HomePod smart speaker, its first big product innovation since the Apple Watch, is looking like an expensive mistake. And that early misstep might cost Apple an important new market,” Shona Ghosh reports for Business Insider India. “That's according to Deutsche Bank's brutal analysis of the HomePod's performance and its importance in smart homes.”
“In an investor note, analysts at the bank wrote: ‘We believe that Apple had a real opportunity to become a major player in the smart home with its introduction of the HomePod smart speaker. However, poor reviews and a significant fall-off in demand post the launch suggest the company has missed the mark,'” Ghosh reports. “The HomePod was meant to take on the Amazon Echo, Google's Home speaker, and even companies like Sonos. The Echo is the most popular smart speaker in the US, though Google's Home is gaining. But the HomePod is pricey. At $349 or £319, it's $200 more expensive than its rivals.”
‘Apple decided to stick with its premium pricing strategy, introducing the HomePod at $349,' the analysts wrote. ‘In our view, this essentially limits the product's market appeal to Apple fans who will pay anything for a new Apple device and to consumers with high disposable income,'” Ghosh reports.
MacDailyNews Take: Duh. Exactly.
Read more in the full article here.
You're in cluster luck: Netflix has announced a release date for Sense8‘s series wrap-up movie.
The highly-anticipated conclusion to the saga of the Sense8 cluster will be revealed on Friday June 8, when the two-hour movie hits Netflix.
In addition to setting a date, Netflix released the poster below (which is available in 20-plus languages).
VIDEOSSense8 Cast Promises a Satisfying Ending
In the series finale — which was commissioned four weeks after Netflix gave the two-season drama the axe — “personal lives are pushed aside as the cluster, their sidekicks and some unexpected allies band together for a rescue mission and BPO take-down in order to protect the future of all Sensates.”
(The previous release featurette embedded above shows the cast back together, thankful for the opportunity to give fans a sense8 of closure.)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals.
Alex Honnold and their climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot (884-meter) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds.
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes.
Fellow climber Hans Florine, who once held the Nose record, watched Wednesday's attempt from below. They say Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast they knew by the halfway point that they would set a record.
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair, calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands.
Comments
comments
I started with a heart centered mission and a newly published book, How to Raise Respectful Parents: Better Communication with Teens and Parents. Like all new authors, I was proud of it, but I soon learned writing and publishing a book are only half the journey. I had to market, and I wanted to market it to those who needed my message the most.
Grant writing is my day job. I knew funds were available for the kind of materials and workshops I wanted to offer. Often authors think that they can only apply for grants directly to fund themselves as writers to write their book. While that is possible; it's rare and highly competitive.
I sought a large entity/business with which my mission aligned with theirs: the school district. I offered to write grants for school programs for FREE. Yes, for FREE! In exchange for this service, I requested that I be allowed to write my workshops and books into the grant budget. School programs hurt for time and dollars. Since there was no expenditure of time and effort on the part of their personnel, they agreed.
First Grant to Write the Book
I interviewed the parent engagement coordinator and learned about the unique aspects of their program. I suggested that I use my expertise to better train their parent educators. I was delighted when they said, “yes.” I wrote a small grant to a local private family foundation and they funded us. I was hired under the grant to conduct training for the school district's parent educators. The development of those training materials became the basis of my first book. In effect, I wrote the first draft of my book with grant funds while providing a needed service to the school partner.
Second Grant with Surprise Bulk Book Sales
The second grant funding for my mission came through an existing afterschool program grant. Because of the positive relationships built during the first grant funded opportunity, I negotiated the opportunity to provide a series of teen and parent communication workshops funded through their afterschool grant. I shared that I was willing to donate 10 copies of my book for the workshop. The project coordinator liked the book and decided to purchase more copies. They ordered enough for each family in the workshop – a total of 50 books! Just like that, I made my first bulk book sale.
Ripple Effects
Since my initial success, I've helped two author friends find grant funding for their heart- centered missions. I interviewed them and wrote grant proposals for each. One friend funded bulk book sales with their grant template and the other friend funded their one woman show with writing workshop materials with a grant proposal.
As a result, I have been asked to write a book about grant writing for authors. The Quick Start Guide to Grant Writing will be released in 2018.
BIO: Laura Lyles Reagan is a family sociologist, parenting coach, speaker and author of How to Raise Respectful Parents. They can be reached through their website, www.LauraLReagan.com.
A group that wants the 8th amendment to be retained claim a vote for repeal "is a vote for abortion on demand".
The Pro Life Campaign also claim the 8th amendment has saved 100,000 lives.
The group says: "If repeal were to happen, it would mean that for the first time in our history, we would be withdrawing human rights from a vulnerable group of human beings instead of strengthening human rights protections.
"This move would have the effect of handing exclusive power to politicians on abortion and experience shows that politicians breach this trust."
It adds: "What the referendum to repeal the 8th amendment is concerned with is not any specific legislation that the Government may have in mind but instead it's about handing power to politicians to decide in future who should be deemed worthy of having their life protected in law and who should not."
They claim repealing the 8th "amounts to handing a blank cheque to politicians" to decide what our abortion laws should be.
The Government has said that it intends to hold a referendum at the end of May.
The question put to people will be to repeal the 8th amendment and insert an article into the Constitution, allowing the Oireachtas to legislate for abortion.
A two-day event on Inverse Gas Chromatography (IGC) technique for materials characterization and is being held in Newark, New Jersey.
IGC Symposium 2017 - New Jersey
Contact
Ron Gray at Surface Measurement Systems
610-462-1513
rgray@surfacemeasurementsystems.com Ron Gray at Surface Measurement Systems610-462-1513
End
-- The event is driven by the increasing demand for advanced experimental techniques for characterizing the physical and surface chemical properties of complex particulate, film, fiber and bulk solids.The aim is to facilitate interdisciplinary interactions within the research community and will feature speakers from both industry and academia discussing their experiences in using the IGC technique.Role of Surface Energy in Particle EngineeringDr. Rajesh Dave – New Jersey Institute of TechnologyiGC-Getting up to Speed for a Quick ImpactDr. Andrew Jensen – PfizerDifferentiation of Pharmaceutical Polymorphs by iGCDr. Vincent Abeyta – Boehringer-IngelheimPharmaceutical Performance of Surface Modified ExcipientsDr. Rodolfo Pinal – Purdue UniversityA Platform Approach to Study Material Properties of Active Pharmaceutical IngredientsDr. Raimundo Ho – AbbvieCorrelation between IGC and Microflotation in Mineral ProcessingDr. Kristian Waters – McGill UniversityPanel Discussion – Surface energy Heterogeneity as measured by iGCDr. Daryl Williams, Dr. Dan Burnett, Dr. Anett Kondor – Surface Measurement SystemsApplication of Inverse Gas Chromatography to the Measurement of Solubility and Diffusivity of Solvents in PolymersDr. Ronald Danner – Penn State UniversityUnderstanding the Substrate: Utility of Inverse Gas Chromatography in Consumer Product DevelopmentDr. Steve Page – Proctor & GamblePractical Aspects of Method Development and Troubleshooting in Inverse Gas ChromatographyDr. Douglas Gardner – University of MaineMultiple Linear Regression for Processing Data from Inverse Gas Chromatography ExperimentsDr. Rahul Bagwe – Solvay (Cytec Industries Inc.)IGC Surface Energy of Hybrids of Nanocellulose and Organic/Inorganic BiocidesDr. Gloria Oporto – West Virginia UniversityPermeability of Low Molecular Weight Alcohols in Hydroxypropyl Xylan FilmsDr. Phillip Choi – University of AlbertaiGC Isotherms and Surface AreaDr. Anett Kondor – Surface Measurement Systems
If Sixers' Markelle Fultz is ready to return from injury, Brett Brown should be able to play them | David Murphy
If Sixers' Markelle Fultz is ready to return from injury, Brett Brown should be able to play them | David Murphy Mar 18
David Murphy is a sports columnist for the Daily News and Inquirer. They joined the company in 2008 and spent the next six years on the Phillies beat.
The simplest argument for bringing back Markelle Fultz this season is that the Sixers need him. Or, more accurately, they need the guy they were supposed to be.
There are moments when the argument for shutting them down makes a lot of sense. Nearly five months after their No. 1 overall pick last dressed for a game, the Sixers can't find anything to say about the situation except the same vague ambiguities they've been repeating throughout. Since October, the company line has not wavered: He'll be back when he's ready. And that raises the question: If they aren't ready yet after five months of trying, what makes anybody think there is enough time left in the season for them to establish themselves as a viable member of a playoff rotation? Wouldn't it be in everyone's best interest to just acknowledge the inevitable, take the pressure off the kid, and let Brett Brown focus on figuring out how to win a seven-game series with the roster he'll have at their disposal?
Brown themselves gave a nod to this reality on Friday evening when they acknowledged that, at some point in the near future, the organization would have to make a decision about Fultz's availability for the rest of this season.
“We speak internally, but we really haven't set a hard date, X amount of games, X games,” Brown said. “We're letting this thing sort of play out. I do understand, we understand, that at some point very soon some final decisions will have to be made.”
Yet Brown also acknowledged something that has been evident ever since Fultz stepped away from the court to focus their energy on fixing their broken shot. As good as the Sixers have played since Christmas, they remain a team that lacks a specific sort of offensive dimension that always seems to increase in importance once the playoffs arrive. They are not an isolation team, and they never will be, but there are plenty of stretches during a basketball game when it helps to have a guy who can create their own shot.
We've seen examples of it throughout the second half of this season, stretches like the second quarter on Friday night, which featured a six-minute block in which the Sixers failed to score a point. It's probably not a coincidence that Ben Simmons was on the bench for half of that stretch. He'd spent much of the first quarter attacking the paint with their dribble, scoring six of their 21 points in the game's opening minutes. But Simmons remains most comfortable when they are looking to pass. And, besides, teams adjust.
Poll Who will be the biggest key for the 76ers in the postseason? Joel Embiid
Dario Saric
Ben Simmons Vote Results
That's especially true come playoff time. A couple of weeks ago, Ersan Ilyasova and Marco Belinelli spent some time talking about the Sixers' postseason hopes from the perspective of a couple of veterans who have participated in plenty of seven-game series. One thing that both of them said was that playoff basketball forces teams outside of their comfort zones. You can't do all of the same things you did in the regular season and hope to win.
“You have to know one thing,” Ilyasova said. “In the playoffs, when you play a seven-game series, you have to execute and kind of always bring something unique, because everybody's studied each other.”
“Everything is prepared to stop you,” Belinelli said.
Maybe that's why it seems like playoff basketball features more isolation play than the regular season (an observation that is supported by the data). In last year's postseason, Kawhi Leonard was in isolation on more than a fifth of their plays compared with 12.5 percent in the regular season.
Heading into Friday, the Sixers had scored just 251 points on isolation plays this season, the fewest in the NBA. Some of that is a product of the system, but their rate of isolation plays is down even compared to previous seasons. They also rank at the bottom of the league in pick-and-roll efficiency.
They are scoring on 43.4 percent of their drives, the second-lowest mark in the league. They are turning the ball over on 7 percent of them, which ranks in the bottom half. One byproduct of not getting to the rim is not getting to the line: just 4.8 percent of their drives have resulted in personal fouls — again, the lowest rate in the league.
That's a lot of numbers, but all you really need to know is what they say as a collective: The Sixers could really use the kind of dimension that Fultz can bring.
“He can make us better,” Brown said. “This is the holy grail, the risk-reward of Markelle Fultz. I'm tilting on reward. Maybe I'm right, maybe I'm wrong, but that would be the answer I would give you. … Just what they do in open court, what they do with a live ball. I think they can be different from any player that we already have. What I see in practice sometimes, you understand completely why they were the first player chosen in the NBA draft.”
You can even see it in the pregame shooting drills that Fultz has been participating in with Sixers assistants. The spin moves, the step-backs, the cross-overs, the ability to finish at the rim. In recent days, videos of those drills have been studied more closely than the Zapruder film. In them, they look a lot closer to that player who was drafted No. 1 than the struggling prospect who seemed to have forgotten how to shoot.
.@MarkelleF can do stuff no one else on the #Sixers squad can do. … and you can't teach it. That's why folks are anticipating their return. pic.twitter.com/8XQrbkBb3B — Keith Pompey (@PompeyOnSixers) March 13, 2018
Maybe the odds will remain long even if they do return to the court. The NBA is a tough enough place for a rookie, let alone one who gets tossed into a fully formed team that has been playing together for close to a full season. But there is a reason the Sixers traded up to draft Fultz, and a reason why they might still contribute. Their skill set is one that would fill a need.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
WATCH: CCTV footage has shown the moment a cyclist almost killed a 23-year-old woman in Hay St
WATCH: CCTV footage has shown the moment a cyclist almost killed a 23-year-old woman in Hay St
Bike crash victim Jessica Goodson had to learn to walk, talk, eat again The West Australian
It was the moment a young woman's life took an unexpected and tragic turn.
Stunned by the sight of a bicycle coming at them at about 20km/h, Jessica Goodson briefly paused as they crossed Hay Street on their way to work.
Less than a second later, everything went black.
Jessica Goodson suffered extensive injuries after being knocked down by a cyclist in Perth.
The District Court today released confronting footage of the moment cyclist Christopher Robert Watt ploughed into Ms Goodson and knocked them unconscious in April 2016.
Ms Goodson was left with traumatic head injuries after the accident and at age 23 they had to learn to walk, talk and eat again.
The crash, which was the result of Watt not paying proper attention to the road, landed them a suspended jail term this week and changed Ms Goodson's life forever.
Cyclist Chris Watt received a suspended sentence for causing the crash. Picture: Ian Munro.
In sentencing Watt to one year behind bars, suspended for 16 months, Judge Petrusa described the footage as “appalling viewing” and said it showed the true force of the impact.
Judge Petrusa told the court bicycles were capable of being used as weapons and said riders had to realise they were carrying great responsibility.
“Bicycles ride of the road and keep up with cars, so the suggestion that they can't do harm and are somehow an innocuous instrument I find difficult to accept,” they said.
“You are the person who was in control of the weapon on this occasion and you must and should be as concerned for the safety of pedestrians as you would want those driving cars and vehicles to be.”
Jessica Goodson suffered traumatic head injuries when a cyclist ploughed into them as they crossed a street The West Australian Jessica Goodson suffered traumatic head injuries when a cyclist ploughed into them as they crossed a street
The incident sparked debate about whether cyclists should have to take out third party insurance and it left cycling groups and councils calling for better separation between road users.
Watt pleaded not guilty to the relatively new and rare charge of culpable driving causing grievous bodily harm but was convicted after trial.
The charge carries a maximum penalty of seven years jail.
Watt does not drive because they have epilepsy and has in the past been vocal about irresponsible drivers and riders on the road.
Judge Petrusa said they now had to accept that they were one of those “irresponsible riders” that had had expressed frustration with in the past.
“This event is a tragedy but it is a tragedy that could have been avoided,” they said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
GREENVILLE – St. Mary's Catholic Community will host a day of prayer and renewal from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Tuesday at St. Mary Church.
The theme is “strengthening families and family values through our faith.” Sister Marie Day and Michael and Margaret Fenelon will share strategies for protecting and strengthening families through faith.
There will be a light lunch provided. Childcare will be provided.
Reservations are required. Call 937-916-5020 or 937-417-1305 to make a reservation. Guests are asked to advise if they will bring children so adequate child care providers will be available.
There will be no charge for this informative day.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Getting games on Linux and improving OpenGL drivers was the hardest challenge one veteran game developer has come across.Rich Geldreich who had worked at Valve for five years shared the most difficult work he's done: Steam for Linux. That's on top of their time at Valve they worked at Microsoft, served as an adjunct professor, was a head researcher for a company since acquired by Google, was CTO for a mobile games company, formerly a principal software engineer at Unity, now an independent consultant / software engineer, and an expert on data compression.Besides the Linux activities at Valve, they worked on Portal 2, Dota 2, Counter-Strike: Global offensive, and more. They wrote the Source Engine 2 GPU profiling support, worked on many Direct3D to OpenGL optimizations for games, and more during their time at Valve. We've written about Geldreich's accomplishments in many past Phoronix articles.Geldreich published a " end of year realization " on their personal blog where Rich commented, " I'm basically an artist who "paints" with code, and good debuggers are one of my brushes. Except, each "painting" involves a variable amount of mental and/or physical resources. The Steam Linux project was the hardest one I've ever done so far. Getting games on Linux and pushing the GL driver teams to go in the right directions was extremely difficult."Hopefully for those newer to Linux game development the situation is more ideal these days with now having Vulkan, the OpenGL Linux drivers have matured a heck of a lot over the past two years, more middleware and other game components are available for Linux, game engines are more optimized these days for Linux/OpenGL, etc.
Future Market Insights (FMI) has published a new report on the varicella zoster infection treatment market titled “Varicella Zoster Infection Treatment Market: Global Industry Analysis 2012 – 2016 and Opportunity Assessment 2017 – 2027.” Varicella zoster infection comprises two main types namely varicella chickenpox and herpes zoster. Varicella is a highly contagious infection with an incubation period of 10–21 days, most commonly 14–16 days, after which characteristic rashes appear. Acute varicella may be complicated by secondary bacterial skin infections, cerebellitis, encephalitis, haemorrhagic complications, and viral and bacterial pneumonia. The climate is a core factor that seems to have an impact on the epidemiology of varicella. In most of the temperate climatic regions, 90% of the people are infected before adolescence. In tropical climates, VZV infection occurs later in life and adults are more susceptible to it than children.
On the other hand, herpes zoster or shingles is a sporadic disease that is caused by the reactivation of latent VZV in the sensory nerve ganglia. It is usually self-limiting and is categorised by severe pain with dermatomal distribution and at times followed by post-herpetic neuralgia that can be chronic and debilitating among the geriatric population. Though herpes zoster can occur at any age, most of the cases are reported after the age of 50 along with increasing risks of complications. In order to cater to the needs of the patients and provide a potential treatment for this infection, companies are entering into strategic partnerships in order to make use of the technology of the other leading companies and are also focussing on research and development.
Request to Sample Report – https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6466
For instance, in December 2016, Slayback and Sandoz signed an agreement with Novartis AG for the sale and marketing rights of Slayback Generic Zovirax Ointment (Acyclovir Ointment). Per the agreement Novartis obtained the sales and marketing rights, which increased their position in the market. Other leading companies operating in the market are Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Pfizer Inc., Mylan N.V., Abbott Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., and Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd., among others.
According to the report, the global varicella zoster infection treatment market is expected to register a 4.2% CAGR from 2017 to 2027. In 2016, the market was worth US$ 1,257.1 Mn and is expected to reach a valuation of US$ 1,969.1 Mn by the end of 2027.
Risk of Varicella in Pregnancy and the Need to Adhere to the Guidelines of Chickenpox Treatment to Bode Well for the Market
Primary infection with varicella zoster in pregnancy may cause maternal mortality or serious morbidity issues. A particular guideline issued in 2015 assesses the evidence regarding maternal and foetal risks of varicella zoster virus infection in pregnancy. The U.K. Advisory Group and Swiss and Canadian national guidelines prescribe procedures for the use of antiviral drugs in pregnancy. The U.K. Advisory Group provides guidelines for chickenpox as well. These guidelines recommend oral acyclovir, which should be prescribed for pregnant women within 24 hours once they present the onset of the rash and if they have 20+0 weeks of gestation or beyond. Guidelines are unanimous nevertheless, in recommending that intravenous acyclovir be administered in cases of severe maternal infection. This factor along with the fact that the rate of exposure and transmission is extremely high in this infection and is a threat for pregnant women and kids, is expected to boost the growth of the varicella zoster infection treatment market.
Request Report TOC @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6466
Natural Products to Challenge Market Growth
Several people opt for other treatment options for herpes zoster and varicella. These alternative treatment options are expected to hamper the growth of the antiviral drugs market for varicella zoster infection treatment. Homeopathy, supplements, and other natural herbal medicines are used to treat herpes zoster and varicella.
They have often been spotted together at airports and restaurants. They have been clicked in the gallery watching their match a number of times. Their love story is known to all but they never spoke about it. They had dropped major hints in the past but never opened up directly about their relationship with their alleged ladylove.
Much to their fans' excitement, Virat Kohli has just expressed their love for Anushka Sharma publicly on Instagram! That too in a way, which is bound to give you major relationship goals.
On Wednesday, a day after Valentine's Day, the Indian cricket skipper posted a selfie (seen above) with their actor girlfriend and captioned it, ‘Everyday is a valentine day if you want it to be. You make everyday seem like one for me ❤❤ @anushkasharma'.
It is an adorable pic where the celeb couple is seen sitting in the sun in a lawn. The handsome Virat and beautiful Anushka make a cute pair! Isn't it?
MARYVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — Governor Bill Haslam made an announcement Friday the creation of 1,000 new jobs in East Tennessee.
DENSO will create new jobs in Maryville and invest $1 billion to help its Blount County facility a primary manufacturing center in North America for electrification and safety systems.
“We want to thank DENSO for choosing to expand in Maryville, creating 1,000 new jobs and investing $1 billion in Blount County,” Haslam said. “This is a huge win for the state of Tennessee and Maryville. DENSO has been a part of Tennessee for over 30 years and continues to be a great part of our state. I appreciate DENSO for continually investing in Tennessee and helping us become one step closer to our goal of making Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs.”
DENSO has had a presence in the state for almost three decades and has two locations: Maryville and Athens.
“Tennessee is No. 1 for growth in automotive employment in the Southeast since 2011, adding over 22,000 jobs, and it is because of companies like DENSO that the automotive sector continues to have momentum in our state,” Rolfe said. “I want to thank DENSO for choosing to expand in Maryville, creating over 1,000 new jobs and investing $1 billion. DENSO is a great partner to Tennessee and look forward to seeing its continued success in our state.”
BOISE, Idaho – A 3-year-old girl who was stabbed at a birthday party in a Boise, Idaho, apartment complex has died from their injuries, the Boise Police Department said.
The Idaho Statesman said the party was for the unidentified 3-year-old, who was flown to a hospital in Salt Lake City. They were one of nine people injured in the stabbing, including six children. Of the remaining eight victims, one child was treated and released from the hospital, and seven others are still in the hospital, many with serious or critical injuries, Boise police said.
The suspect in the stabbing, Timmy Kinner, was being arraigned at Ada County Courthouse.
Kinner is accused of attacking the birthday party because they wanted revenge for being kicked out of the complex, Boise Police Chief William Bones said Sunday. The complex houses refugees, and the victims include refugees from Syria, Iraq and Ethiopia.
Kinner has been charged with nine counts of aggravated battery and six counts of injury to a child, Bones said. The charges against them may be amended as a result of the child's death, police said.
Six of the victims are between 3 and 12 years old. They were “some of the newest members of our community,” Bones said.
Kinner is not a refugee and is from Los Angeles, police said. Police said an unnamed resident was allowing Kinner to stay there, but asked them to leave because of “his behavior.”
“As you can imagine, the witnesses in the apartment complex — along with the rest of our community — are reeling from this attack,” the police chief said.
“This incident is not a representation of our community, but a single evil individual who attacked people without provocation that we are aware of at this time.”
Police said there is no indication the stabbing was a hate crime. The FBI is assisting with the investigation.
“Last night's horrific attack does not represent Boise,” Mayor Dave Bieter tweeted. “Please join me in praying for the injured and their families. We must come together to condemn this vile act.”
An official from the International Rescue Committee praised Boise for its support of refugees.
“It is heartbreaking that adults and children who fled the horror of war and conflict to find safety in America had to experience violence all over again,” Hans Van de Weerd, vice president of US programs, said in a statement.
Victims were in parking lot and apartments
Police responded to a call of a man with a knife at 8:46 p.m. and arrived at the apartment complex four minutes later, Bones said.
“Officers located the suspect almost immediately, took the suspect into custody at gunpoint,” they said.
Police found the victims in apartments and the parking lot.
“You can imagine this is a very tight-knit community here in this apartment complex,” Bones said Saturday night.
“We haven't had anything involving this amount of victims in a single attack in Boise in the history of the department,” they said. “Obviously, it's something you hope never comes to your city.”
(Repeats Thursday's story, no changes to text)
* Expert panel met on Tuesday to draw up plan within two weeks
* Boston Consultancy Group to advise SAIL on revival
* Steel ministry aims to make SAIL profitable in 2017/18
* SAIL may show improvement by end of decade - analyst
By Neha Dasgupta
NEW DELHI, March 30 India has set up an expert panel to help revive its loss-making state steelmaker after a government review found the company to be far less efficient than its rivals despite spending more than $10 billion in the past eight years.
A review document, containing previously undisclosed data and seen by Reuters, criticises Steel Authority of India (SAIL) for everything from the use of low-quality raw materials to outdated technology, suggesting that its problems were not simply the result of cheap Chinese steel imports.
SAIL, which has been overtaken by JSW Steel as India's biggest producer, has posted seven straight quarterly losses, and Reuters reported last week that it was at risk of losing business from its biggest client.
SAIL's underperformance could derail the government's target to triple steel production in the country by 2030, and shows how Prime Minister Narendra Modi's big infrastructure dreams may have to rely heavily on the private sector and imports.
Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Singh, worried by what they called SAIL's "unsatisfactory" output performance, has asked the panel to recommend a timeline for ramping up capacity at a "quick pace", to find ways to lower production costs and to improve branding and marketing.
"The terms of the reference of the committee will include chalking out a revival plan for turning around loss-making (companies) of the Ministry of Steel to profit-making companies in 2017/18," Singh's office told the committee this week, in a memo seen by Reuters.
The panel, comprising top officials of various government ministries and SAIL, met for the first time this week and will be helped by Boston Consulting Group (BCG) in coming up with a revival plan for the company.
They will set quarterly, six-monthly and yearly targets for SAIL, according to the memo. Two government sources said minister Singh wants a plan for SAIL and smaller state steel company RINL in 15 days.
A SAIL spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment. A steel ministry spokesperson declined comment.
Government officials earlier said SAIL had failed to take advantage of protectionist measures that have helped private companies out-price Chinese steel and lift their margins.
FAILING TO SAIL
SAIL fares poorly when compared to international efficiency standards and those of private Indian companies such as JSW and Tata Steel in blast furnace productivity, raw material consumption and energy usage, according to the review document.
For example, SAIL's average daily blast furnace productivity of 1.58 tonnes per cubic meter last fiscal year ended March was 40 percent lower than that of JSW. SAIL said the metric improved 7 percent between April and December last year.
Its use of coke - derived from high-quality coal, and thus costly - was also higher than private peers and global standards. April-December coke use came down 3 percent from a year ago, SAIL said.
Its use of pulverized coal injection technology - a cheaper substitute to coke - was the lowest compared to JSW and Tata in 2015/16. During April-December, SAIL said the gauge improved 14 percent.
The government said this week that three of SAIL's ailing units put up for strategic stake sales have made losses for the past five years despite the company pumping in more than $400 million for their modernisation. (bit.ly/2mPA9PB)
The steel ministry told parliament on Wednesday that most SAIL plants were set up almost half a century ago and that the technologies and equipment had become "old and obsolete".
SAIL is chasing tie-ups with foreign majors such as ArcelorMittal and POSCO, companies known for their cutting-edge technology.
Analysts say higher employee costs, typical of government companies in India, were another factor holding SAIL back.
"Even when the market was good, SAIL was under-performing because of higher fixed costs," said Goutam Chakraborty, analyst at Emkay Global Financial Services in Mumbai, who expects SAIL to show improvement by end of this decade. (Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Krishna N. Das)
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
Wednesday morning Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
DUBLIN, Ohio (AP) — The two biggest figures at the Memorial, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods, managed to carve out some private time at the back of the 10th tee amid a mass of people Wednesday at Muirfield Village.
Some of it was just catching up. The two most prolific winners of major championship had not seen each other since April at the Masters.
And the tournament host had some encouraging words.
Nicklaus complimented Woods on their swing, and then told them what Woods has felt for the last few months.
“He was saying that my swing is starting to look a little bit better,” Woods said. “And I said, ‘Yeah, I'm really not that far away,' and they totally agreed. They just kept urging me to be patient with it because they could see that I've made some pretty big strides this year, and not far away from putting it all together.”
The Memorial presents such an opportunity.
Woods has won at the course Jack built a record five times. The most recent victory was in 2012, when they took command from behind the 16th green by turning a potential bogey into a chip-in birdie that Nicklaus still thinks is one of the best shots they ever saw.
The most recent appearance? That's different.
Woods last played the Memorial in 2015. In the last few months before a series of back surgeries, Woods shot 85 in the third round, the worst score of their career. Because an uneven number of players made the cut, Woods teed off Sunday morning as a single and shot 74.
“I tried, and unfortunately on this golf course, hitting it as bad as I did, it just wasn't good enough,” Woods said.
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
“I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing,” they said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard. McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, their seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, “Aside from your 85, you have won here five times.”
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making their debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top. They took a screen shot.
“Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing,” Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded they were eager to get back the No. 1 ranking they held for 15 months. This is their first tournament since they lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory.
McIlroy understood what they meant, having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then they broke through at Bay Hill.
“As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through,” McIlroy said. “And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward.”
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, they still are 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
“The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable,” they said. “Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it.”
Comments
comments
SIX teams vying to be national champions. The first ever women's National Championship will be a feast of female rugby league.
Not only are teams trying to be crowned winners, but players are competing for spots in the State of Origin teams to be announced after it.
STILL HUNGRY: Sims staying while passion still strong
SHE'S BACK: Balance paves way for Bremner's return
The women's Origin is less than a month away and this Championship, to be held at Southport on the Gold Coast from Friday to Sunday, is their last chance to impress NSW coach Ben Cross and Queensland coach Jason Hetherington.
Camera Icon Experienced Jillaroos Maddie Studdon, Sam Bremner and Ruan Sims will all be in action for NSW teams this weekend. Picture: News Corp Australia, Brett Costello
It will be a test of their toughness too. Three games in three days is a massive workload, but players are prepared to do it to have more time on the field and be part of history-making events like this.
“It's the first time there's a national tournament for women in rugby league. It will be a big three days,” said NSW City half Maddie Studdon.
Camera Icon Big League's Round 13 issue is on sale now. Picture: Supplied
“I haven't really played a tournament like this so we're not sure what it's going to be like but I know it's going to be hard because we're coming up against the NSW Country team who are very talented as well and there's also the Queensland Country and City plus Defence Force and Affiliated States.
“It will be a hard three days and we'll just have to work on our recovery really well in those three days. Very excited for it. It's more footy and I love that.”
Teams are split into two pools. Queensland City, NSW Country and Defence Force are in pool one and Queensland Country, NSW City and Affiliated States in pool two.
Affiliated States and Defence Force play two pool matches on day one, while the City and Country teams play once on the Friday and Saturday. There will be playoffs between first and second, third and fourth and fifth and sixth on the final day.
Players from the NRL elite top 40 are spread out among the teams, with nearly all players at the Nationals, only a few missing because of injury.
Studdon said that distribution means the Championship is wide open.
“We're all split up, it's all evenly spread out. I don't think we get much of that, we always come together as NSW or Queensland then at Jillaroos,” they said.
“Now we're all spread around the state it's going to be unreal.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A man being sued by the family of a woman who authorities said committed suicide by hanging themselves at their millionaire boyfriend's Coronado mansion testified Monday that they had nothing to do with their death.
Adam Shacknai, 54, testified that they emerged from a guest house at the mansion about 6:45 a.m. on July 13, 2011, and saw Rebecca Zahau's naked, lifeless body hanging from a second-story balcony.
Shacknai, the younger brother of Zahau's boyfriend, Jonah Shacknai, said they called 911, lowered the 32-year-old Zahau to the ground, and tried to perform CPR on them They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Dan Webb, the attorney for Adam Shacknai, asked their client if they participated at all in Zahau's death.
"Most certainly not,'' Shacknai testified.
Zahau's mother and older sister filed the wrongful death lawsuit against him, alleging they confronted Rebecca Zahau a day after their brother's 6- year-old son Max fell from a second-story landing at the mansion and was critically injured. The boy died five days later.
The attorney for the plaintiffs, Keith Greer, alleged that Adam Shacknai delivered four blows to the head of Zahau, rendering them partially or fully unconscious. Greer also alleged that the defendant sexually assaulted Zahau, tied their hands and feet, put a noose around their neck and threw their body off a second-story balcony.
Greer said the plaintiffs should be awarded unspecified monetary damages for loss of companionship and emotional support.
Webb told the jury that there was no evidence that Adam Shacknai -- who has lived and worked in Memphis for 30 years -- had anything to do with Zahau's death. Adam Shacknai said Zahau encouraged them to come to San Diego to support their brother at their time of need.
Webb said the plaintiffs would not be able to prove their case.
The attorney said four law enforcement agencies investigated Zahau's death for two months and determined that they committed suicide.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Friends and family are arranging an event in memory of a talented young artist who took their own life.
Nearly two years after the death of Alana Feakins they are holding a family fun day in the Forest of Dean.
The 30-year-old, who drew pet and people portraits in charcoal and pastels, died at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester after years of battling mental health problems.
Now loved ones have arranged the event at Drybrook Rugby Football Club to honour their memory and raise money for mental health charity Mind.
Them sister Alicia Cox said: “Even though they suffered with mental health issues herself, Alana was very supportive of Mind and would love to do things to help them and to raise awareness of their struggles.”
Organisers say although it was prompted by tragedy, it will be a fun day with bar, inflatables, music food and other family-friendly activities.
Calling on people of the Forest of Dean to get behind the event on April 29, family friend Kirsty Jennings wrote on social media: “As you may be aware we lost our beautiful Alana in October 2016 when they sadly took their own life due to mental health.
“We are now running a family fun day in their memory and to raise money for the Mental Health Charity MIND. This charity is very close to our hearts and so is keeping our girl's memory alive.
“The gates will open to the public at 12pm onwards we so hope you see so many of you there to help this great charity and share your happy memories of Alana who we all miss so dearly. “
An inquest heard that Alana from Coleford had been admitted to hospital on September 22, 2016, with thoughts of self-harm, doing harm to others and hearing voices but the mental health order was lifted on October 7, three days before they killed herself.
Staff there knew the former Royal Forest of Dean College student who had created a tree mural for the side of the 88-bed acute mental health hospital.
Assistant coroner Caroline Saunders recorded a narrative conclusion, saying they died as a result of suicide which was contributed to by their ability to gain access to items to aid suicide.
At the time of their death their family wrote: “Alana was a beautiful girl, a much-loved daughter, sister, auntie, fiancee and a friend of many.”
Hydrogen peroxide, or H2O2, is one of the most common household disinfectants around, and its possible uses are vast. While most people know that this handy household product is good for sanitizing cuts, this liquid actually also has countless powerful oxidizing properties that can be used for everything from whitening to styling.
One Instagram user, @wiredbrainmedia, recently shared a cute photo of how they (and their child) clean with it. The caption reads: “Who says helping mommy clean has to be boring?” Based on their hashtags, it looks like she's using hydrogen peroxide and baking soda to clean them stovetop!
Get ready to have your mind blown with these 13 super easy ways to incorporate hydrogen peroxide in all areas of your life:
1. Get Rid Of Bad Breath
Sometimes, a good brushing isn't enough to get rid of bad breath. The trick? Gargle hydrogen peroxide diluted with water in your mouth once a week to kill the unhealthy organisms that may be causing your stinky breath. Don't use it any more often than that, though, as you don't want the chemical to kill the good bacteria in your mouth as well.
2. Change Your Hair Color
Gradually lighten your hair color by mixing equal parts hydrogen peroxide and water in a spray bottle. Spray the solution into your hair, comb through with a brush and wait for it to dry. Do this daily and you'll have lighter hair in no time.
3. Tackle An Ear Infection
Use hydrogen peroxide drops to deal with your ear infection. This can help to clear out the infection and any blockages in your ear.
4. Clean Your Fruits And Veggies
Need to clean the bacteria off of your produce? Spritz some food-grade hydrogen peroxide on them. Or fill a bowl with cold water and hydrogen peroxide to wash your produce by hand. Be sure to rinse thoroughly.
5. Whiten Your Teeth
In addition to using hydrogen peroxide as an effective mouthwash, you can also turn it into a toothpaste by mixing it with baking soda. Peroxide acts as a bleaching agent, so you'll notice whiter teeth immediately.
6. Wash Your Toilet Bowl
Disinfect your toilet bowl by pouring in a half cup of hydrogen peroxide. Let it stand for twenty minutes and then scrub out the bowl with a toilet brush and flush.
7. Say Goodbye to Caked-On Food
To get rid of caked-on-food stuck to your kitchenware, combine baking soda and hydrogen peroxide so they form a paste. Then, rub that onto the dirty pots and pans that are giving you a hard time. Let sit and easily scrub it away with warm water. The baking soda acts as an abrasive while the peroxide helps to break down the particles.
8. Sanitize Your Cutting Board
Hydrogen peroxide cleans and removes stains from wood and plastic cutting boards. To sanitize, pour the solution directly onto the board. Proceed to scrub with a clean sponge and let it sit until it starts to fizz. Rinse.
9. Clean Kids' Toys
Kids' toys harbor plenty of germs. To avoid spreading them, wipe down unsanitary toys and play areas with hydrogen peroxide, a safe cleaning agent that will keep everyone healthy and happy.
10. Pamper Your Feet
Mix together a one-to-one ratio of hydrogen peroxide and water in a soaking bowl and submerge your feet. You'll come away with soft calluses, diminished foot fungus and cleaner feet.
11. Remove Stains
Hydrogen peroxide can take care of even the most awful stains. Once you've blotted the problem area, pour some solution directly onto the stain and let it sit for a few minutes (or longer for tougher stains). Proceed to rub and wipe with a clean cloth. You'll want to test it on a section of the material first, as hydrogen peroxide can sometimes leave its own stain behind.
12. Help Your Plants Grow
Did you know that H2O2 is naturally occurring in rainwater? Sometimes, rainfall picks up extra oxygen from the atmosphere, which then converts it into H2O2. This is what promotes the growth of plants. Try soaking your plant seeds in hydrogen peroxide to simulate rainwater. Use 1 ounce of peroxide for every two cups of water and soak overnight.
13. Disinfect Reusable Bags
If you're shopping with reusable bags to help the environment, great job! Just make sure you spray some hydrogen peroxide on the fabric every now and then to disinfect it and get rid of food odors.
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento SPCA is in need of donations after receiving nearly 300 bunnies Friday night.
The 286 rabbits of various ages are part of an ongoing investigation and are not up for adoption, according to KTXL.
Patrol officers with the Folsom Police Department discovered the rabbits at a home on Pine Grove Way while responding to a different call. After looking over a fence and noticing what they thought were 100 rabbits, they radioed Animal Control.
"From there, the Animal Control Officer went over and was able to see that there was much more than the 100 that they believed was there," said detective Donald Rowberry.
The City of Folsom only allows for two rabbits per household.
Authorities say their living conditions were not healthy.
"The main concern was the safety of the rabbits. They were in unsanitary conditions," said Rowberry.
The shelter received multiple breeds, including Angoras, Himalayans, Lionheads and Lops, from Folsom Animal Control.
SSPCA is in need of small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls, Timothy grass/hay, rabbit water bottles, rabbit toys and rabbit cages.
Their wishlist can be found on Amazon and cash donations can be made on the SSPCA website.
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in their first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
SAN FRANCISCO (KUSI) — An employee opened fire at a UPS warehouse facility in San Francisco Wednesday, injuring at least four, according to a UPS spokesperson.
A shooter — believed to be an employee at the warehouse about two miles from downtown San Francisco — shot at least four people before turning the gun on himself, UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said. The victims were taken to the hospital in unknown condition.
UPS employees appeared to have been evacuated from the building and a large police presence could be seen outside. A shelter-in-place was issued for the surrounding area.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
Bala Cynwyd business person claimed $378M in revenues; FBI said it was $2M and the feds charged them with fraud
Bala Cynwyd business person claimed $378M in revenues; FBI said it was $2M and the feds charged them with fraud Mar 16
I write about the business side of health care, higher education, and the broader nonprofit sector, with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries.
A former director of Pennsylvania Hospital's cardiac catheterization lab agreed to pay a civil penalty of $126,617 to settle allegations that between May 4, 2010, and Sept. 7, 2012, they performed an unspecified number of medically unnecessary cardiac stent procedures, the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania said Monday.
Pennsylvania Hospital's owner, University of Pennsylvania Health System, brought its concerns with the work of Vidya Banka to the attention of the U.S. Department of Justice and separately agreed in January 2017 to pay $845,000 in connection with two cardiologists who performed unneeded stents at Pennsylvania Hospital between 2008 and 2012.
The second cardiologist was not identified.
Banka, who stopped working at Pennsylvania Hospital in Sept. 2012, admitted no liability. They also agreed to a five-year exclusion from Medicare and other health programs funded by the federal government, according to the U.S. Attorney.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The minutes from the Reserve Bank's March 6 board meeting are to be released.
The minutes from the Reserve Bank's March 6 board meeting are to be released.
A further likely rise in US interest rates this week shouldn't upset Australia's stable monetary policy outlook, Treasurer Scott Morrison says.
The US Federal Reserve is meeting for the next two days and is expected to increase the Fed funds rate by 0.25 per cent to 1.625 per cent after hiking it three times last year.
Mr Morrison told Bloomberg on the sidelines of the G20 finance ministers meeting in Buenos Aires what is happening in the US has been "well-forecast" and has already been factored in.
"Australia's monetary settings have been far more stable in terms of what the outlook is," Mr Morrison said.
"They've been that way now for some period of time and ... there's no real view that that's about to change anytime soon."
As such, any exchange rate volatility associated with a US rate hike should be modest for Australia, "a positive for us", they said.
The Reserve Bank has held the cash rate at a record low 1.5 per cent since August 2016 and financial markets see only a slim chance of a rise this year.
The central bank will release the minutes of its March 6 board meeting on Tuesday.
That meeting came a day before the latest national accounts showed the economy grew by a modest 0.4 per cent in the final three months of 2017, dragging annual growth down to 2.4 per cent.
The soft outcome even surprised the Reserve Bank, although its governor Philip Lowe does not expect it affects their optimistic outlook "at all".
The latest weekly ANZ-Roy Morgan consumer confidence index bounced back, rising 2.2 per cent after dropping 2.5 per cent the previous week on the weakest quarterly growth result in over a year.
"The bounce follows last week's report showing business conditions at a new record high and suggests that both the business and household communities remain optimistic about the outlook," ANZ senior economist Felicity Emmett said.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) – Michigan workers would receive mandatory sick days under an initiative filed Tuesday that could appear on the November ballot.
The group Michigan Time to Care turned in more than 380,000 signatures to the Secretary of State's office for a petition to create an “Earned Sick Time Act” that would guarantee employees at least one hour of paid sick time for every 30 hours worked. Businesses with 10 or more workers would be required to provide at least 72 hours of earned sick time per year, while smaller ones would have to grant 40 hours.
“Losing a day's pay or a job is as easy as catching a cold,” Danielle Atkinson, a member of Time to Care coalition, said on Tuesday before filing the petitions. “We launched this campaign to ensure earned paid sick time for all workers in Michigan so that hardworking people won't have to choose between the job that they need and the family that they love.”
The proposed act deems any physical and mental illness of the employee or employee's family, as well as domestic violence situations, to be conditions that merit paid sick leave. Those who run out the annual minimums for paid time off would be entitled to an additional 32 hours of unpaid earned sick time.
The measure now awaits certification from the Michigan Board of State Canvassers of at least 252,523 signatures before heading to the Republican-controlled Legislature. If rejected there, the initiative would be put to a popular vote this fall, joining a slew of other ballot proposals such as marijuana legalization and a $12 minimum wage .
One supporter of sick leave said they were rolled out on an ambulance stretcher at their last job after fainting due to their lupus, an autoimmune disease.
“My employer did not offer enough paid time off to ensure that I could get the care that I need,” said Christina Hayes, a 30-year-old from Inkster. “The bills for treatment kept coming, so I had no choice but to go to work and miss blood draws and treatments, putting my health at risk.”
Hayes, who has a 4-year-old daughter, said they are now back on federal Social Security disability benefits, but the monthly $800 check “doesn't even cut it to pay your bills.”
Pro-business groups have condemned mandating sick days, warning it would devastate the economy and lead to curtailments of jobs and other benefits. Wendy Block, the Michigan Chamber of Commerce vice president of business advocacy, said the ballot proposal is a “one-size-fits-all” approach that would have a “chilling impact” on businesses that do not offer paid leave due to costs.
Since 2015, Michigan has prohibited local governments from requiring that businesses provide earned leave time and other benefits. The Time to Care petition comes two years after a similar ballot initiative did not meet the signature threshold to qualify. Should it pass this year, Michigan would be the 11th state to adopt mandatory paid sick leave, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics estimated about 70 percent of private sector employees received paid sick time in December 2017. That number was 29 percent for those making below the 10th percentile, or $10 an hour.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
Samata Ullah is seen in this undated custody photograph received from the Metropolitan Police in London April 28, 2017. Metropolitan Police/Handout via REUTERS
LONDON A British man who stored material about missile systems on data sticks disguised as cufflinks and created an extensive online manual for members of Islamic State was sentenced to eight years' jail on Tuesday.
Samata Ullah, 34, an unemployed man from Cardiff in Wales, had admitted five terrorism charges including membership of Islamic State (IS).
Police recovered 30 pairs of USB sticks disguised as cufflinks, which contained a guide to missile systems and instructions on how to avoid detection online.
Counterterrorism Commander Dean Haydon said Ullah had set up an online self-help library which contained IS propaganda, guidance on encryption and anti-surveillance techniques.
"He's created a one-stop shop for terrorists," said Haydon in a statement, adding that Ullah used techniques the police had never seen before. "He was very technically competent... they were a very dangerous individual."
Ullah posted video logs on their website to demonstrate their anti-detection techniques, featuring their gloved hand and voice-distortion technology to hide their strong Welsh accent.
In all, police recovered over half a million internet files and 150 digital devices.
Haydon said an investigation in Kenya had led police to Ullah, who had adopted multiple online personas, operating from dozens of email addresses and Twitter accounts.
The use of encryption by some internet companies "allows terrorists to operate with impunity", Haydon said, a situation which they described as frustrating.
Ullah had been able to conduct most of their activities by themselves in their bedroom in Cardiff.
"We found them quite a solitary character," Haydon said. "His character in the virtual world was very different from the one in the real world."
(Editing by Stephen Addison)
April 12 Hong Kong stocks broke a four-day losing streak on Wednesday as investors turned their attention to shares which could benefit from Beijing's plan to more strongly integrate the economies of southern China, Hong Kong and Macau.
The Hang Seng index recouped initial losses to end up 0.9 percent at 24,313.50 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.4 percent to 10,208.31.
China's economic integration plan for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Great Bay Area, announced late on Tuesday, sent shares of port operators and developers in the region surging, said Alex Wong, a director at Ample Finance Group.
The market showed little response to inflation data released early on Wednesday, which showed China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March.
While some analysts said producer price inflation appeared to have peaked, they expected it to remain elevated for some time, continuing to support profits for the industrial sector.
"Cooling inflation has been largely expected," Wu Kan, head of equity trading at investment firm Shanshan Finance, while conceding that recent weakness in China's commodity prices had weighed on market sentiment.
Price of non-ferrous metals in Shanghai fell to a three-month low and coal prices slumped almost 7 percent at the close.
Nearly all sectors gained ground, with tech stocks leading the gains. (Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
IN 2016, Vivid Sydney approached the people running the Kings Cross Hotel to ask if they were interested in being involved in the festival. The hotel liked the idea of presenting an immersive project that used various parts of the building and discussed the concept with bAKEHOUSE Theatre Company who had recently taken over the running of the hotel's theatre venue KXT.
“They were keen to tap into the local world of seedy nightclubs and drug barons but we were keen to steer away from that a little bit and look at some other aspect of the history of the Cross, because it's a fascinating area. There have been some amazing people who have lived there,” says John Harrison, who is co-artistic director of bAKEHOUSE with Suzanne Millar.
While researching, Millar heard about an eccentric doctor who used to work in the area. “He was this gun-toting, hard-living fellow who would go anywhere and treat anyone,” Harrison says. “He had a lot of great stories around him. When they went down once to get their gun licence they accidentally shot a police officer. I think they might have once shot himself.”
And so began the idea for an immersive theatre piece called Visiting Hours, which proved a sell-out at Vivid. Now the show is returning in an expanded form with a cast of 20 actors, dancers, singers and musicians. Co-directed by Harrison, who also co-wrote it with Constantine Costi and Michael Costi, Visiting Hours centres on an enigmatic doctor played by Jim McCrudden.
“I'm not suggesting our doctor is in any way related to (the real-life character); it was just the start of an idea that maybe somewhere in the distant past there was a kind of larger-than-life doctor who ran an off-the-grid sanatorium in the Cross,” says Harrison.
The premise for the show is that the audience is arriving at the sanatorium to undertake the doctor's treatment. “He has the cure for all ills,” Harrison says with a laugh.
The show takes place across five storeys of the Kings Cross Hotel with the audience guided from one spot to another. “It's not completely laid out like a proper story or a play but there is a narrative in there and the audience get to try to piece the puzzle together,” Harrison says.
At the heart of the show is a love story. “The audience has to nut out how that love story plays out. I suppose I can say it does involve an incurable disease and a quest for eternal life,” they say.
Beyond that they prefer not to give too much away.
“I think a lot of the success of it last time was the element of surprise,” they say.
“It's become this very trippy, surreal experience. There are completely unexpected developments throughout. The audience loves that. It keeps them guessing. There's a lot to talk about over drinks afterwards.”
Visiting Hours, Kings Cross Hotel, February 7—17. Book: kingsxtheatre.com
Headphones have been passing through the office in abundance of late, so when the Bang & Olufsen H8 over-ear cans arrived we were expecting something special. The Danish company's top-end H8 cans are some of the best we've heard, but can the step-down H7 deliver quality as solid in a looser over-ear fit?
B&O is well known for its design, which is typically second to none across its range of speakers and headphones. The H7 stick to the successful formula too: they're good-looking, well-crafted headphones made from decent materials and with enough visual flair to entice buyers in.
The grey and tan finish of our review pair look great, marrying a stitched leather headband exterior with soft cloth-covered interior, juxtaposed with hardier, shinier metal outer earcups. The main ear cup sections are plastic, however, their grey finish lacking the sheen of the metal, yet the colour matching is spot on for it to go largely unnoticed.
In terms of fit, the B&O H7 are certainly comfortable for long periods of wear. Whether commuting or sitting in the office all day with then clasped around our ears, their fit is never fatiguing, nor does it pinch too hard, while those cushy earcups are ultra-comfortable and breathable (despite their soft leather finish).
However, the fit is rather loose, so the over-ear cans have the tendency to slide around slightly - which can dramatically affect sound quality (more on that in a bit).
Sound quality is the pinnacle of any pair of headphones. And it's here the H7 cans actually underperform given their price bracket. At £329 you're paying largely for the materials and brand prestige - but given that the H8 are £70 more, we expected sound quality to strike a similar balance.
The H7, however, lack the deep bass of Bang & Olufsen's premier headphones, so they're less engaging overall. Other competitors at this price point deliver a much more lively sound, too. A bit of a surprise, really.
Furthermore that loose fit really doesn't aid sound: if the cans slip around a little you might lose a large portion of top-end compared to, say, if they were perfectly positioned. That's the trade-off for large over-ear can comfort, to some degree, but when on-the-move we've found the H7 to move around a touch too much.
Although that's not to say the sound quality is bad - it's far from that. We're just contextualising here, as there are better options elsewhere. In quiet surroundings, such as when listening to music at home, we've been satisfied with the range and breadth of the sound quality. When on-the-move, however, external noises can distract, as these aren't sealed cans.
In addition to the 3.5mm wire that's included in the box, you can choose to cut the cord if you prefer and use the H7 wirelessly via Bluetooth. Connectivity is ultra simple, with the built-in li-ion battery recharged within the headphones via a microUSB port.
We found connectivity to be solid, even with a phone placed in a pocket, with no stuttering or breaks in sound delivery. Problem is, though, the sound levels aren't particularly loud - a maxed-out Android phone lacked the volume, which is a problem we had with the H8 headphones too. As a result, we've not typically used the Bluetooth feature, because it's just not loud enough for what we want.
They helped their husband out of addiction. Now they are unlikely advocates for safe-injection sites
They helped their husband out of addiction. Now they are unlikely advocates for safe-injection sites Apr 8
Aubrey Whelan is a staff writer assigned to the enterprise team. Since joining the Inquirer in 2012, they have covered crime in Philadelphia and everything in Chester County.
Compared to heroin, the amount of fentanyl that can be deadly is much lower.
As Philadelphia's drug overdose rate spiked to its highest point ever in 2017, fentanyl proved the most fatal of all drugs implicated in unintentional deaths, killing more people than all other opioids, including heroin, according to statistics released by the medical examiner's office Tuesday.
By the official tally, 1,217 people died of drug overdoses in Philadelphia last year — in line with what health officials had predicted as early as last fall.
“[The medical examiner's report] really clarified that this is a crisis of historic proportions,” said city health commissioner Thomas Farley, who said the rise of fentanyl represented a new wave of the opioid epidemic.
“We already had a crisis with the overprescribing of pills, and then with very pure heroin, and then fentanyl added gasoline to the fire. It really hit the city extremely hard,” they said.
Deaths spiked in the summer, but declined somewhat from that peak in the last two quarters of the year. Still, Philadelphia has the highest drug death rate of any major U.S. city.
Despite the dip, the death rate in the second half of 2017 remained higher than in any prior year. It's not known why the rate went down, but the health department pointed to several large drug seizures and arrests toward the end of the year, the closure of the Gurney Street heroin encampment in Kensington, and widespread distribution of the overdose-reversing drug naloxone for saving lives.
It's too early to tell whether 2018 will see even more fatal overdoses, Farley said. But deaths were on the rise again by the tail end of 2017.
Drug Overdose Deaths by Quarter in Philadelphia
The city health department said Tuesday there were 1,217 unintentional drug overdoses in Philadelphia in 2017, and opioids were detected in 88 percent of the cases, up from 80 percent in 2016.
Staff Graphic
“We saw a dip between August and November, which was very good to see. But in December it jumped back up again,” they said. “There's no guarantee that the decrease you see [before the end of 2017] will continue.”
Overall, drug deaths in 2017 increased by 34 percent over 2016, and opioids were present in more than 88 percent of cases — up from 80 percent in the previous year.
A Spike in Fentanyl Deaths Fentanyl was found in 836 overdose deaths in 2017, doubling the total from 2016, and was present in 84 percent of all opioid-related deaths last year. Staff Graphic
Fentanyl, the synthetic opioid that is much more powerful than heroin and typically used to cut the weaker drug, was present in 846 cases. That's a 95 percent increase over the previous year.
The medical examiner's office found the rate of death among men shot up by 60 percent last year. Among women, overdose deaths increased by 16 percent.
The opioid epidemic has often been described as a predominantly white crisis. But the city data indicate that overdose rates are rising among people of color, too: among Hispanics, opioid-related overdoses jumped 60 percent in 2017; among blacks, the opioid overdose rate rose 34 percent. Whites saw a 47 percent increase in opioid overdose deaths — and still comprise the largest share of deaths.
More people died in Port Richmond and Kensington, the medical examiner's office reported, than any other neighborhoods. But “new hot spots emerged” in South Philadelphia, West Philadelphia, and the Northeast. And most people who died in Philadelphia lived in Philadelphia, the office reported, debunking the notion that large numbers of people from other areas are overdosing in the city.
Activists in Kensington said the last year's toll had been devastating. It is hard now to find someone in the outreach community or in addiction who had not been traumatized by the death of someone close to them. They praised the city for handing out more naloxone last year and said those efforts had to continue.
Farley said the city's efforts to stem the crisis — developed by its opioid task force last year, as the death toll began to rise — will continue. The health department is encouraging residents to carry naloxone, asking doctors to prescribe fewer opioid medications and trying to expand treatment to the thousands of Philadelphians who struggle with addiction. And 2017's soaring death rates are proof, they said, that the city needs to implement solutions once considered too radical, like a safe-injection site.
“When you have 1,200 people who die in a single year, you rethink your assumptions and consider things you might not have considered otherwise,” they said. “We can't overlook any approach to this.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
“The Sixties Scoop was a dark painful chapter in Canada's history. The survivors have identified the loss of language and culture, and therefore their identity, as the greatest harm. The creation of a foundation will directly address the need for survivors to claim a secure personal cultural identity.” The Honourable Carolyn Bennett, Minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs
There are many stories of Canada's dismally failed “residential school” system in which aboriginal children were taken far from their families to be housed in so-called residential schools run by a variety of religious orders. Funded by the government, the idea was to bring indigenous children into the mainstream society.
That policy which lasted most of the twentieth century was rife with physical and sexual abuse, along with accusations of cultural genocide.
The government had previously begun a programme of compensation payment to residential school survivors along with a major inquiry called the “Truth and Reconciliation Commission”
Supisingly, starting in the mid 1960's till the mid 80's and even as it was becoming slowly obvious the residential system was wrong, another similar idea sprang up.
This involved about 20,000 babies and young children taken from indigenous families in the 1960's and adopted into foster homes where again the idea was to have them raised in mainstream society and schooling. This became known as the “sixties scoop”.
Supporters of the Sixties Scoop hold signs and flags outside a Toronto courthouse during a rally in 2016. © Mark Bochsler/CBC
In recent years this has led to a number of lawsuits against the government.
In February, an Ontario Superior Court judge found the federal government failed to prevent on-reserve children from losing their Indigenous identity after they were forcibly taken from their homes.
Today the federal government announced it will spend up to $800 million towards various reconciliation efforts with those children, most of whom are now middle-aged adults.
The “agreement in principle” comes after several months of negotiations between the Government of Canada and counsel for the plaintiffs. A government press release says the effort was “to resolve this litigation in a fair, compassionate, and respectful manner that promotes reconciliation and healing”.
Sharon Dainard, left, and Christine Cameron were both removed from their First Nations homes at a young age and adopted out to white families. They have mixed feelings about possible compensation. © via CBC
At least $50 million will go towards creation of a “healing foundation” to promote healing, wellness, language, culture, and commemoration. Money will also go towards other reconciliation efforts while each adoptee will receive a cash amount possibly ranging from $25,000 to $50,000.
The announcement is being received by some adoptees with mixed feelings, saying money can't compensate for the years of loss of cultural identity and of their biological families.
Additional information- sources
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- A decades-old, class-action lawsuit between Dallas first responders and City Hall is finally coming to a close.
The City of Dallas is set to pay 8,700 current and former police and firefighters $173.3 million over back-pay claims.
"The amount of money at stake was not in the bank," Dallas City Attorney Larry Casto said. "The City of Dallas could not write a check for that amount if the jury verdict had gone against us."
"There are going to be police officers and firefighters who are going to think 'I wish I could've gotten more money, or if we had gone to trial we might've gotten more money,' but I hope they'll understand that we could've gone to trial and gotten nothing after all these years and all these battles," one man said, who was part of the case from the very beginning.
The settlement still needs to officially be approved by City Council this summer, but this would give safety workers about $20,000 per person and would be divided based on rank and years of service.
"I think it's a great day for Dallas," Ted Lyon, the lawyer who represented the public safety workers, said. "It's a great day for the first responders, and it's a great day for Texas."
The white 1993 Ford Bronco from O.J. Simpson's infamous low-speed chase on the Los Angeles freeway will soon appear on an episode of the History Channel show Pawn Stars that will premiere on August 14, 2017. The owner, Simpson's former sports agent Mike Gilbert, won't even consider an offer below $500,000, and he'll reportedly look to get around $1 million for the ignominious SUV. A clip on TMZ Sports offers a look inside.
Simpson and their friend A.C. Cowlings owned identical white Broncos, and it was Cowlings' example that took part in the famous chase. At the time, Simpson was in the backseat threatening to shoot himself. Later, Gilbert bought the SUV for around $75,000, according to Fox News. The Ford mostly sat in storage for decades except for few public exhibitions.
“Not many people realize it's for sale … and I just thought it was a really cool thing to put on the show,” Pawn Stars host Rick Harrison told Fox News.
Gilbert previously said that they aren't actively trying to sell the Bronco and that they had already turned down an offer of $250,000 for the SUV. However, appearing on Pawn Stars suggests they might finally want to get rid of the notorious vehicle. With Simpson back in the headlines for getting parole, now could be the right time.
For now, the Bronco remains on display at the Alcatraz East Crime Museum in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee (above). According the institution's website, filming for the Pawn Stars episode happened before Gilbert loaned the Ford to the museum for display alongside other crime-related vehicles like serial killer Ted Bundy's 1968 Volkswagen Beetle.
Source: TMZ Sports, Fox News, Alcatraz East Crime Museum
A senior Labor MP has revealed he'll turn a government bill to introduce harsher penalties for sheep exporters who break the rules into an attempt to ban the industry outright.
Joel Fitzgibbon expects to put forward an amendment to government legislation on Thursday to ban the summer trade at the first opportunity and phrase it out altogether over five years.
The amendment would institute the same changes as a private members' bill put forward by Liberal MP Sussan Ley and supported by colleagues Jason Wood and Sarah Henderson.
Mr Fitzgibbon told parliament on Wednesday of their intention to move the motion, urging government MPs to give the proposal serious thought overnight.
But two West Australian Liberal MPs were immediately vocal in their opposition, with both Rick Wilson and Nola Marino warning a ban could have immediate impacts on producers in their state.
If the amendment doesn't pass, Labor will still support the legislation in its original form.
It would introduce a 10-year prison sentence, fines of at least $4.2 million for companies or $2.1 million for individuals.
"Illicit alcohol" was found and seized from 31 different resorts, restaurants and nightclubs in Mexico, ABC News reports.
More than 10,000 gallons of alcohol was found from an unnamed company with "bad manufacturing practices." Some of the alcohol was found at a resort where a 20-year-old Wisconsin woman drowned in January after drinking in the hotel lobby.
Abbey Conner, 20, was pulled from a pool at an Iberostar resort near Playa del Carmen, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. After Conner's death, the paper received numerous reports from others who said they got sick and experienced blackouts at resorts in Cancun and Playa del Carmen.
Rick and Diana Neuenschwander of Symmes Township, Ohio said they found tainted alcohol in their margaritas from the Secrets Akumal Riviera Maya resort for a getaway over Independence Day. The resort is close to the resort where Conner drowned.
“It was just a little odd. They were different colors,” Rick said. “We ... just blacked out ... We just don't remember what happened.”
Allegations of tainted or substandard alcohol that resulted in illness or blacking out became serious enough that the State Department updated its Mexico page in July, warning travelers to take extra caution when consuming alcohol.
“We're standing in the pool, got our little floatie out, and we had some drinks. We were drinking some margaritas,” Rick said. “They were blowing bubbles in the pool. You got people dancing. It was Fourth of July in Mexico ... It was a lot of fun.”
Hours after having the "odd"-looking margaritas, Rick said they and Diana regained consciousness in their hotel room. They said they had no memory of what happened.
“We weren't drunk. We were out — completely different. If we stumbled, we have no idea that we stumbled. We don't know what happened,” Rick said, adding that they woke up with scratches on their face and that their wife had bruised shoulders. “My wife felt like they were maybe held down.”
Read more about the Neuenschwander's story in this I-Team report.
Problems found by Mexican authorities included expired alcohol, water leakage, lack of documentation and a lack of disinfectant, the Journal Sentinel reported.
There's no word from officials on criminal charges, any connection to Conner's death, or any efforts to crack-down on alcohol violations, the Journal Sentinel reported.
The White House added a meeting regarding the events in Charlottesville, Virginia to President Donald Trump's schedule on Monday.
“Update: The President will meet with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Federal Bureau of Investigation Director Chris Wray on Charlottesville at 11:30AM,” the White House emailed in an update to the President's schedule Monday morning slightly after 9 a.m. ET.
The added huddle comes amid fierce criticism of the President, from even within their administration, over Trump's response to a terrorist attack against a group of counter-protesters by an apparent white supremacist.
Trump on Saturday condemned violence on “many sides” of the conflict in a statement following the deadly attack — that is, the white supremacist groups protesting the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville, and the various anti-fascist groups who had gathered in a counter-protest.
One man who had earlier been photographed with the white supremacist group Vanguard America, James Alex Fields Jr., was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding, and another count, the Washington Post reported, after allegedly ramming their car into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Sessions — who themselves has been heavily criticized for their calls to intensify the war on drugs and for prosecutors to seek the harshest prison sentences available to them — defended Trump's response on Monday, but also said Fields' alleged crimes fit the definition of domestic terrorism.
An anonymous “White House spokesperson” eventually said on Sunday that “of course” Trump's condemnation included “white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Trump themselves has not explicitly said so.
The cost to complete a Bitcoin transaction has skyrocketed in recent days. A week ago, it cost around $6 on average to get a transaction accepted by the Bitcoin network. The average fee soared to $26 on Friday and was still almost $20 on Sunday.
The reason is simple: until recently, the Bitcoin network had a hard-coded 1 megabyte limit on the size of blocks on the blockchain, Bitcoin's shared transaction ledger. With a typical transaction size of around 500 bytes, the average block had fewer than 2,000 transactions. And with a block being generated once every 10 minutes, that works out to around 3.3 transactions per second.
A September upgrade called segregated witness allowed the cryptographic signatures associated with each transaction to be stored separately from the rest of the transaction. Under this scheme, the signatures no longer counted against the 1 megabyte blocksize limit, which should have roughly doubled the network's capacity. But only a small minority of transactions have taken advantage of this option so far, so the network's average throughput has stayed below 2,500 transactions per block—around four transactions per second.
How Bitcoin fees work
Bitcoin has a transaction fee system to handle situations where demand for the network exceeds its capacity. Whenever someone submits a transaction to the network, they have the option to include a transaction fee that goes to whichever miner includes that transaction in a block. If there are more transactions than will fit into one block, miners can be expected to choose the transactions with the highest fees first. So the higher the fee you attach to a transaction, the more likely it is to make it into the next block.
Of course, demand fluctuates over the course of the day. So if you have a non-urgent transaction, you're welcome to submit it with a below-average fee and let it sit around unconfirmed for a few hours. At some point, demand might slacken and you might get your transaction at a bargain price.
What this means is that not every Bitcoin transaction on Sunday paid that average $20 fee. Some paid significantly more than that, while others got away with paying less. As I write this on Monday morning, one website estimates you should pay $16.31 to get a transaction into the next block, while getting a transaction into one of the next six blocks (i.e. within the next hour) costs around $13.46.
This is a big headache for people trying to use Bitcoin as a day-to-day payment network. In the network's early days, Bitcoin boosters would tout the network's fast payments and near-zero fees. But now users sometimes have to choose between paying more than $20 in fees or waiting hours—if not days—for their transactions to complete.
Users on the DarkNetMarkets subreddit—where users discuss buying drugs and other illicit goods on underground sites—have vented their frustration in recent days about high fees.
Debate about how to cope with rising demand has split the Bitcoin community in two. On one side are "big block" advocates who argue that the network should simply raise the 1MB block limit. After more than two years of argument, some big blockers created Bitcoin Cash, a fork of the mainstream Bitcoin software that allows blocks to be up to 8MB.
But others, including the main developers of the standard Bitcoin client, worry that larger blocks will make it too difficult for ordinary users to participate in Bitcoin's peer-to-peer process for validating transactions. They have instead pinned their hopes on Lightning, an experimental new payment network that routes payments using chains of payment channels. If Lightning works as supporters hope it will, it will allow most bitcoin transactions to occur off-chain, permitting a lot more transactions to occur without increasing the size of the blockchain.
They were petite; probably a seventh-grader. I saw them from our sunroom window. It was after school and they were waiting for a ride. They were alone, in their pink jacket and blue stocking hat, with an exploding brown ponytail held tight from the March wind. They looked up and down the street a couple of times, while bending over slightly—to adjust their too-large backpack? Or to check to see if anyone might see what they were about to do?
They looked north one more time, shifted their weight to their left foot, and then tapped a couple of beats out on the sidewalk, with their right. Then to the right and tapped out the same beat with the left foot—and back and forth a couple of more times. Then they made a circle with one arm extended that said, “See me, and see what I can do on a beautiful day!”
One more pivot, and then a green sedan slowly came to a stop, and the dancer stepped in. They probably said, “Hi, Dad!” But with that “buck and wing” in tow, they may have added, “… how's it goin'?”
Maybe she's taking ballet or tap—or maybe they have seen their parents jiving in the kitchen listening to Louis Jordan and Jonny Otis and Shuggie Otis, doing, “Let the Good Times Roll.” They may have even joined in.
As student and Dad disappeared down the street, they left me thinking of when I wanted to learn tap. I took a few lessons at age 17 or 18 and used my mediocre talent only once: on stage when in the service in Germany, more than 60 years ago. Wonder where that “buck and wing” went to. Maybe the petite dancer found it at the curbside. Hope so. They seemed to be feeling the great fun I felt so long ago.
“Grandpa” Jack Neely lives and muses in St. Anthony Park.
NEW YORK (AP) - Didi Gregorius had another big game at Yankee Stadium with a two-run homer and three RBIs, and Gary Sanchez homered twice to help CC Sabathia and New York romp past the Minnesota Twins yet again, 8-3 on Tuesday night.
Aaron Judge hit their seventh home run as the Yankees went deep four times for the second straight night. Gleyber Torres had a pair of hits and their first RBI for New York, which extended a winning streak to four for the first time under new manager Aaron Boone and sent the Twins to their season-worst fifth consecutive loss.
A night after a 14-1 drubbing, New York beat Minnesota for the sixth straight time and improved to 27-9 against the Twins at new Yankee Stadium, including the playoffs. Judge was a triple short of the cycle and Gregorius also had three hits.
Sabathia (1-0) rarely allowed hard contact in their second start back from the disabled list and gave up an unearned run and two hits in six innings.  They are 20-9 in 39 regular-season starts against the Twins.
Gregorius hit an RBI single for a 2-1 lead in the third and pulled a changeup just inside the right-field foul pole and into the second deck for a 5-1 margin in the fifth. All eight of their home runs and 23 of their 27 RBIs this year have come at home. Babe Ruth (1921) and Alex Rodriguez (2007) are the only other Yankees with that many homers and RBIs in the first 22 games.
Jose Berrios (2-2) entered with 14 consecutive scoreless innings and had 29 strikeouts and one walk in their first four outings. They allowed five runs, six hits and two walks in four-plus innings, raising their ERA from 1.63 to 2.84.
Dellin Betances entered with a 5-1 lead in the sixth but lasted just four batters, giving up a pair of walks, a hit and another unearned run. David Robertson pitched out of two-on, one-out trouble by striking out Ehire Adrianza and retiring pinch-hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker.
Judge led off the bottom half with a loud, opposite-field drive to right off Tyler Duffey, who was brought up from the minors before the game for their season debut. Judge became the fastest in major league history to hit 63 career home runs, doing it in 203 games, four fewer than Mark McGwire.
Sanchez, whose second-inning home run tied the score, hit a two-run drive later in the seventh into the netting above Monument Park in center. Judge, arms crossed, gave Sanchez the silent treatment in the dugout before smiling and giving Sanchez a hug.
Errors by Judge in right, Neil Walker at first, Torres while covering first and Betances raised the Yankees' total to 22 in 22 games, tied for the major league lead.
Eduardo Escobar had three hits, a walk and an RBI for the Twins. Brian Dozier went 0 for 4 after getting hits in Minnesota's first 17 games - 24 in a row dating to last season.
EMERGING EMOJI
As the Yankees add new players, Gregorius comes up with additional emojis for their tweets that follow wins. Torres is Baby bottle, Giancarlo Stanton is Volcano and Tyler Austin is Police car. Luis Severino has grown from Baby last season to Child.
WHIFFS
A night after going 4 for 4, Stanton had their second three-strikeout game this season to go along with a pair of five-strikeout games.
HE'S BACK
Released during spring training and re-signed last week, 1B Adam Lind made their season debut for the Yankees' Class A farm team in Tampa and went 3 for 3 with a double, walk and RBI.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: OF Byron Buxton (migraines) will go to extended spring training after fouling a ball off their left foot Sunday during a rehab assignment with Class A Fort Myers.
Yankees: 3B Brandon Drury (migraines) is on track to start a rehab assignment Wednesday with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.
UP NEXT
RHP Sonny Gray (1-1, 8.27 ERA), who has totaled just 16 1/3 innings in four starts, is on the mound for the Yankees on Wednesday night, when RHP Lance Lynn (0-1, 6.00) starts for Minnesota. Lynn's only previous outing against the Yankees was a five-hit shutout for St. Louis in 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Fresh off ending the Toronto Raptors' 11-game winning streak on Sunday in Toronto, the Oklahoma City Thunder bring their own six-game streak into TD Garden to face the short-handed Boston Celtics on Tuesday night.
Russell Westbrook, who recently became the fourth player in NBA history with 100 triple-doubles, posted their 23rd of the season Sunday, amassing 37 points, 13 rebounds and 14 assists in the victory.
Westbrook has averaged 25 points, 11.2 rebounds and 10.8 assists during the winning streak, capped by the show they put on north of the border Sunday.
They also passed the 6,000-assist mark.
"I've been in that moment. You just feel everything is slowed down," said teammate Paul George, who had 22 points in the win. "He dictated the tempo. They dictated the game. And that's what it is, that's what it's like when you're a star player, a superstar player. You get in that moment."
The Celtics have won their last two games against the Thunder, including a 101-84 victory on Nov. 3 at Oklahoma City. But OKC has won its last two visits to TD Garden -- and this time faces a depleted Celtics team coming off a loss at New Orleans on Sunday night.
"I am a man on a mission," Westbrook said. "We've got to take care of business. This time of year, you've got to turn it up a notch."
Boston will not be getting healthier for this game as Kyrie Irving misses their fourth straight resting their sore left knee and Jaylen Brown is improving but still in the league's concussion protocol.
"I think they feel better and better," Celtics coach Brad Stevens, talking about Irving, said before Sunday's game. "He just doesn't quite feel 100 percent. So until that point then he'll be out.
"There was a chance that they would play (against the Pelicans). They just didn't quite feel that. And, again, we're going to make sure that they feel that way."
Stevens reported that Brown was "getting closer."
The Celtics have also lost Gordon Hayward (for almost the entire season), Marcus Smart (6-8 weeks with thumb surgery) and Daniel Theis (knee surgery, out for the year).
Irving scored 22 of their 25 points in the second half to lead the Celtics to their seventh straight of what would be a 16-game winning streak at OKC in November.
Westbrook scored 19 points and added 11 assists and six rebounds in that game but was just 7 of 20 from the floor.
Anthony Davis scored 34 points and grabbed 11 rebounds to help the Pelicans beat the Celtics on Sunday night, offsetting a big night by Boston rookie Jayson Tatum.
Tatum scored 23 points, but the Celtics dropped their third in the last four games.
"For whatever reason, I thought we looked a step slow, but obviously, we are going to have moments where we struggle to score with this group right now," Stevens said. "We also rushed some shots and then they got into that rhythm and got it going. (The Pelicans) have been a good offensive team all year and they were hard to stop."
KANSAS CITY –A Kansas City woman pleaded guilty in federal court Monday to their role in a marriage fraud conspiracy after participating in a wedding sting operation staged by federal agents, according to Tom Larson, Acting United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri.
Stephanie Harris, 22, of Kansas City, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Gary A. Fenner to the charges contained in an Aug. 31, 2016, federal indictment.
Harris admitted that they participated in a conspiracy to assist African nationals in circumventing immigration laws by arranging fraudulent marriages. Co-defendants Delmar Dixon, 49, Kakeland Barnes, 37, Shakeisha Harrison, 37, and Traci R. Porter, 44, all of Kansas City, also have pleaded guilty to their roles in the marriage fraud conspiracy. In addition to the conspiracy, Dixon pleaded guilty to falsely swearing in an immigration matter.
Dixon admitted that they arranged 30 to 40 fraudulent marriages, including their own. Dixon charged the African nationals $1,000 upfront for their services, which included providing them U.S. citizen spouses. The African nationals were additionally required to pay $500 to the spouse at the time of the wedding, and an additional $500 immediately after completion of the wedding. They were required to pay their spouses $250 each month after the weddings until the immigration process was complete. The African nationals were coached by Dixon on how to make their marriages appear legitimate.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) agents utilized a confidential informant in a pretend ceremony that was staged by ICE-HSI. The confidential informant arranged a meeting with Dixon, paid the required fees, and married Harris, the spouse provided to them by Dixon, in a pretend ceremony staged by ICE-HSI on Nov. 24, 2015. The confidential informant continued to pay the $250 monthly fee to Harris for the fraudulent purported marriage through August 2016.
On a prior occasion, Dixon arranged for a marriage between Harris and a Kenyan national. Although they applied for and received a marriage license, they did not marry.
ICE-HSI also utilized an undercover agent in their investigation. The agent met with Dixon, who introduced the agent to Barnes, their intended spouse, on Jan. 23, 2016. Dixon advised the undercover agent that they and Barnes should rent an apartment in the Kansas City area and obtain life insurance policies together. The undercover agent also spoke alone with Barnes. Barnes told the agent they were involved with another man and had three children. They signified they understood the marriage would be a business transaction. The agent made a payment to Dixon and kept in contact with Dixon regarding their marriage. On February 19, 2016, the undercover agent wired $250 to Barnes and $500 to Dixon. Both retrieved the payments later that day. Dixon also offered the undercover agent $300 for each new client they referred.
Under federal statutes, Harris is subject to a sentence of up to five years in federal prison without parole. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes, as the sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the court based on the advisory sentencing guidelines and other statutory factors. Sentencing hearings will be scheduled after the completion of presentence investigations by the United States Probation Office.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Kim Moore. It was investigated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Fraud Detection and National Security.
Archbishop Chrysostomos on Friday admitted to having threatened antiquities department acting head Marina Solomidou-Ieronymidou after they refused to revoke the designation of a plot of church-owned land in Yeroskipou, which they plan to lease out to an investor to build a luxury resort, as an archaeological site.
Speaking to state TV on Friday, Chrysostomos recounted how they asked Ieronymidou to remove the classification so that the investor could obtain the permit to go ahead, after realizing that the department had slapped the classification on the plot without their explicit consent, as the law requires.
“She told us ‘I won't sign',” the Archbishop said.
“I got angry and replied ‘if you don't sign, nothing will be left standing'. I threatened them I wanted to point out that if everyone does whatever they like, bad things will happen.”
Chrysostomos had been asked to comment on a cabinet decision to overrule the antiquities department and revoke the designation on advice from the attorney-general's office, which prompted public outcry as it suggested collusion between the government and the Archbishop.
“This is not the first time we have been accused,” the Archbishop said.
“These are lies that have been said a thousand times before. All the sites and Facebook are full of accusations that we engaged in [political] contraband, that we pledged to support the president in next year's elections; these are nothing more than lies.”
The truth, they said, is that when Ieronymidou came to us to say that some ceramics were found in the church's plot, we consented to their request to dig for antiquities.
“But when the time came for the construction permit to be issued, we found that the title deed said that our plot had been designated a class B archaeological site. But we were never asked, and that's where they broke the law.”
The government then stepped in and annulled the department's decision, and the permit should be issued in the coming days, the Archbishop added.
“[The investor] will start digging in the coming days and the Antiquities Department will be present during the digging,” they said.
“We hope antiquities are found, and we will respect and utilize them appropriately.”
Speaking later on the same TV show, Ieronymidou did not refer to the threat incident but welcomed the Archbishop's pledge to respect the antiquities.
“We are satisfied with this pledge,” they said.
“The plot was classified a class B site in 2014, and we didn't notify the owners because this classification does not impede the plot's development. However, the attorney-general's opinion was very clear, and we had to comply.”
In any case, Ieronymidou said, “I can unequivocally state that the antiquities will be protected”.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Amazon turned the trunk of my car into a mailbox.
The tech giant has launched a new service in 37 US cities -- including Richmond -- that delivers packages to the trunks of cars for free. The catch? You need to be a Prime member.
I spent a week testing the service and became convinced this is the future of urban deliveries -- for those with the right cars.
For it to work, I needed an eligible vehicle -- nearly all Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac and Volvos with a model year of 2015 or newer are compatible. GM owners must have an active OnStar account, and Volvo owners need an active On Call account. These systems provide remote access to vehicles, which makes Key In-Car possible.
I borrowed a recent model Volvo from Amazon -- my Hyundai Elantra GT didn't qualify -- and downloaded the required Amazon Key app. In November, the company launched Amazon Key, which uses a camera and smart lock so Prime members can have deliveries brought into their home.
Its latest iteration, Amazon Key In-Car, relies on the vehicle's internet connection to remotely open the trunk so packages can be delivered. Amazon's delivery people receive one-time access to open the trunk. An alert is sent to customers when the process is completed.
Last week, I purchased a pack of D batteries on Amazon.com for $10.65. At checkout, a new option appeared for "in-car delivery." I was given a four-hour delivery window -- between 11 a.m - 3 p.m. ET.
I was told the car needed to be parked within a couple blocks of the delivery address in a publicly available spot. I chose my home address, and parked around the corner from my front door on a crowded block. After a customer adds their car's color, make and model into the app, a delivery person can find it with the aid of GPS.
During my test, I received a push notification from Amazon: "Arriving soon: Your package will be delivered to your Volvo." Under normal circumstances, an alert like this would give me anxiety.
"Porch pirates," people who walk off with deliveries left outside homes, are a problem in my Washington, DC neighborhood. In a local Facebook group, my frustrated neighbors regularly post videos of their packages being stolen -- their doorbell cameras don't seem to deter theft. Rather than risk losing a package, my wife and I generally get packages delivered to family members who live elsewhere.
For city residents like myself, the promise of in-car delivery is a game changer. When I returned home to my car parked on a nearby street, the package was safely waiting for me.
There are some restrictions on what can be delivered to your trunk. Packages must not weigh more than 50 pounds, exceed 26 x 21 x 16 inches and can't be valued at over $1,300 or fulfilled by a third-party seller.
For now, the service will be broadly useful in cities such as Dallas, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Chicago, and it's coming to more areas soon.
That is, until self-driving cars make car ownership a thing of the past.
New Amsterdam Hospital to get new maternal unit to enhance service
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
Construction will soon begin on a new maternal unit valued $23.064M at the New Amsterdam Hospital compound, Region Six.
Minister of State Joseph Harmon said the unit will include private birthing rooms so fathers can be present, an operational theatre, neonatal unit as well as a ward of 50 beds.
“It is expected that this project when completed, will enable the Region Six health authorities to better take care of the approximately 3,000 maternal deliveries that are done in the region every year,” Minister Harmon noted.
This new maternal unit will be a model that will be followed in the upgrade of other health facilities across the country. “His Excellency's vision is to have a maternal hospital…these steps that are being taken now are preliminary steps,” Minister Harmon noted.
The Ministry of Health has been upgrading health facilities across the country. The maternal unit at the Leonora Cottage Hospital is set to be commissioned soon. It is expected to house 50 beds, two operating rooms, the birthing room, and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) on the top floor. Additionally, the new wing is intended to assist in the number of referrals to the GPHC.
There was also an expansion of the facility at the West Demerara Regional Hospital to adequately address maternal cases. Hospitals in Bartica and Essequibo were also upgraded.
There are also plans to upgrade the hospitals in the hinterland to provide better maternal services to women. More importantly, these upgrades are intended to reduce the number of maternal fatalities as well as referrals being made to the Georgetown Public Hospital (GPHC).
By: Tiffny Rhodius
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
With just one day of minicamp remaining, the Jacksonville Jaguars once again took to the field for an early morning session Wednesday to avoid the incoming showers of the day. After making it through practice unscathed, Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles spoke with the media about how he's felt about the offseason so far and the sense of urgency and desire their teammates clearly feel.
Guys are sick and tired of being below average and not being successful when we feel as though we have the ability to be a good team. We haven't been [successful]. It's time to make a change. It's not going to happen overnight. You have to do something about it.
Needless to say, the franchise hasn't been very good since drafting Bortles third overall in 2014, and he's clearly ready to change. They also stated they will continue their hard work during the team's upcoming break as they will be heading to California to resume their mechanical work with 3DQB.
Injuries/absences
Once again, safeties Tashaun Gipson and Barry Church missed practice but worked on the sidelines. Running back T.J. Yeldon, tight end Neal Sterling, defensive tackle Stefan Charles and cornerback Aaron Colvin also missed Wednesday's practice.
Rookie wide receiver Dede Westbrook took part in individual drills after missing multiple OTA sessions, while running back Tim Cook remains the lone player absent due to the graduation rule, with Oregon State in the process of final exams.
The redoubtable Cardinal Joseph Zen has denounced proponents of an “imminent” accord between China and the Vatican, saying that the Church is setting itself up for a major disaster.
The present historical reality we face in China is that of “a tiny flock being persecuted by a gigantic atheist power,” Zen said in a March 19 essay, and a Vatican capitulation to the terms of President Xi Jinping is the equivalent of “surrender,” something the Church has no reason to do.
“Why surrender?” Zen asks. “Doesn't the Vatican see that many churches survive in the underground community, such as in Hebei and Fujian?”
“Doesn't the Vatican know that in cities like Shanghai, many priests celebrate Sunday Mass in private homes for their faithful? There is still a certain degree of freedom for the ‘birds outside the cage.' But now things are going to change. The Vatican is coming to help the Government to push everybody into the cage,” they added.
In their essay, Cardinal Zen was responding to several recent articles critical of their position and supportive of full integration with the government-controlled Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association, a church set up by the communist party in 1957 as an alternative to the Church of Rome.
In one of those articles, Fr. Jeroom Heyndrickx, a Belgian missionary priest and advisor to the Vatican, wrote that if the Vatican signs an agreement with the Chinese government on the appointment of bishops, “then 2018 may become the ‘Year of Truth' for the Church in China.”
The signing of an agreement would be a “blessing” for the Catholic faithful in China, Fr. Heyndrickx asserts, “because it will enable them to openly celebrate their faith in one community,” something that is “crucial” for all Christians.
In their article, the priest criticizes “Catholic experts” who have expressed reservations regarding the pact, especially the claim (which Cardinal Zen has often repeated) “that the Vatican does not know China from the inside.”
These critics have the situation backward, Heyndrickx claims, since Vatican experts have “visited China personally several times,” they have met with Chinese bishops “both official and nonofficial,” and they have “discussed problems personally with civil authorities.”
“There is no other place in the whole Universal Church — not even in Asia — where more information on the real situation of the Church in China can be found” than in the Vatican, they state, adding that “nobody is better informed on the Church in China than the Pope.”
The problem with Fr. Heyndrickx's assertion is that recent statements made by the pope and their closest co-workers suggest that their knowledge of the situation of the Church in China may not be as comprehensive as they think.
Last year, Pope Francis publicly defended Communist China's practice of religious liberty, insisting that in China churches are full and religion is freely practiced, an assertion contradicted by reports by the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) as well as Christian persecution watchdog groups.
“In China the churches are full,” Francis insisted. “You can practice your faith in China.”
In its most recent annual report, however, the USCIRF once again designated China as a “country of particular concern,” noting that the Chinese government is guilty of “particularly severe violations of religious freedom.”
“As the Chinese government aggressively asserts itself on the global stage, at home it aggressively violates the human rights and religious freedom of its citizens,” said USCIRF Chairman Thomas J. Reese, S.J.
The pope is not alone in their seemingly naïve assessment of life in China. The chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, fellow Argentinean Bishop Marcelo Sánchez Sorondo, shares the pontiff's rosy outlook on Chinese society, and recently declared that China provides the best model of a country that implements Catholic social teaching.
The Chinese “look for the common good and subordinate other things to the general welfare,” Sánchez insisted.
“You don't have shantytowns, you don't have drugs, young people do not take drugs. There is like a positive national consciousness, they want to show that they have changed, and now they accept private property,” they said.
In their essay, Cardinal Zen said they could not help reacting to Fr. Heyndrickx's “pathetic sermon,” referring to them derisively as the “Godfather” of China experts.
Saying that 2018 could be “the year of truth” for Chinese Catholics is ironic, the cardinal notes, since the truth is on very short supply in China.
“The truth doesn't enjoy good health or high esteem nowadays in China,” Zen wrote. “Everything is fake, from food to medicine. You are not expected to tell the truth, just say what the boss wants to hear.”
As for the signing of the agreement being a “blessing” because it will enable the Catholic faithful in China “to openly celebrate their faith in one community,” Zen is not convinced.
“Where? In a church registered with the Patriotic Association, under surveillance cameras, listening to a priest preaching the latest instruction from the reigning President-Emperor?!” Zen wrote.
“Surely this is not a normal way to profess the faith, as it is done in any Catholic church in the world!” they added.
“Fr. Heyndrickx has learned a lot from the Chinese, who are masters of word play,” Zen said. “Beautiful words: ‘To openly celebrate their faith in one community,' and ‘restoring church unity and normalization in China.'”
“The Reality is this,” Zen concludes. “People who for years, bearing all sorts of discrimination and harassment, kept their loyalty to the true faith under the authority of the Pope, are now forced by the Vatican into the same ‘prison,' led by Government officials dressed up as ministers of God.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
A gunman opened fired as Republican members of a congressional baseball team held a practice. They were killed in a shootout.
ATLANTA (AP) - An Atlanta attorney who was convicted of murder for fatally shooting their business executive wife is to be sentenced next month.
Claud "Tex" McIver is set for sentencing May 23. A jury on Monday convicted McIver of felony murder, which carries a mandatory life sentence. It is up to the judge to decide whether McIver will have the possibility of parole.
The jury also convicted the 75-year-old McIver of aggravated assault, possession of a firearm during the commission of a felony and influencing a witness.
McIver attorney Bruce Harvey called the verdict the "triumph of emotion and speculation over reason and fact."
McIver was riding in a rear seat of an SUV on Sept. 25, 2016, when a gun they were holding fired and the bullet hit their wife, Diane.
Australian music promoter and celebrity agent Harry M. Miller has died aged 84.
The "visionary" entrepreneur died peacefully in Sydney on Wednesday, HMMG, the agency they founded, said in a statement.
"By their side were their long-term partner Simmone Logue, daughters Justine, Brook and Lauren and their mother Wendy," it said.
Harry Maurice Miller was born in Auckland, New Zealand on January 6, 1934, the only child of Jewish parents, Sadie and Jim Miller.
When Miller was two years old their father, who worked as an indent agent, broke their spine in a fall. They died six years later.
"The Jewish community bundled me off to a Jewish orphanage in Wellington... called Dextons," Miller later recalled.
Miller's first taste of showbiz was running a "peepshow" for fellow students - a shoebox with cellophane windows through which they would wind a comic strip: "I used to charge kids a marble."
Camera Icon Celebrity agent Harry M. Miller has died aged 84. Picture: AAP
After school Miller worked as a dairy hand, on a trans-Tasman passenger ship, as a salesperson for knitwear and frypans, and in a restaurant.
They began organising entertainment - a sideline that led them to found a record company.
Their first signing - four Maori singers known as the Howard Morrison Quartet - enjoyed local success.
Miller's first big-name act was US jazz musician Louis Armstrong. Miller travelled to the US to approach Armstrong's manager, Joe Glaser. When Glaser asked, "You got any bucks, kid?", Miller said they did not.
Miller recalled: "He thought it was so funny, that this kid was trying to buy Louis Armstrong, that they thought I should get it. And they did."
Armstrong toured in 1963 - the same year Miller moved to Australia, founding Pan Pacific Productions Pty Ltd with Keith and Dennis Wong, who owned Sydney's Chequers nightclub.
Miller brought out Judy Garland to do three concerts in 1964. Garland, a drug addict, held up for the Sydney Stadium shows, but the concert at Melbourne's Festival Hall was a shambles.
Miller stood near the back, "copping anger and abuse as the public filed out".
But they rarely put a foot wrong, coupling chutzpah with charm, good looks and a keen business nose.
Other acts they brought out in the 1960s included the Rolling Stones, conductor Artur Rubinstein, Herman's Hermits, the Beach Boys and Sonny and Cher.
Miller consolidated their reputation in 1969 by staging the American musical Hair in Australia.
They went to Boston to do auditions, hiring the 16-year-old Marcia Hines, not realising they were pregnant. Miller became Hines' guardian until they turned 21.
Miller followed Hair with the Andrew Lloyd Webber-Tim Rice musical Jesus Christ Superstar, and then Richard O'Brien's Rocky Horror Show.
In 1970 Miller joined the ruling council of the Art Gallery Society of NSW. In 1972, determined to make the society less stuffy, they ran to be its chairperson. The campaign was bitter. As Miller recalled in a 2003 interview with The Sydney Morning Herald, there was a feeling against "the vulgar New Zealander who had brought the Rolling Stones to Australia".
But the campaign of Miller's rival, Mervyn Horton, collapsed after an ABC TV crew recorded theirs aside that some people were "concerned about Mr Miller's Jewish background".
As chairperson, Miller reinvigorated the society. Over five years its membership climbed from a few hundred to about 6000.
In the 1970s Miller became a director of Qantas, was on the board of the Meat and Livestock Corporation (he bred Simmental cattle), and organised the Queen's Silver Jubilee celebrations in Australia.
"I think I was in the situation where I was asked to, and accepted to be, the bride at every wedding and the corpse at every funeral," Miller once said.
In 1978 they overreached by establishing a ticketing company, Computicket. Sydney's Sun newspaper reported: "Harry M can see the day when, with the aid of cable TV, customers will be able to book shows from their living rooms."
The idea was visionary, but within six months Computicket was in receivership.
In 1982 Miller was convicted on five charges of fraudulent misappropriation of $728,000 in connection with Computicket, and spent ten months in Long Bay and Cessnock jails.
When they resumed their career, they were reluctant to discuss any aspect of the Computicket affair. In a 1910 interview on the ABC's Talking Heads they recalled they had "cried every day" in jail - but continued to run their clients' careers from their cell: "You just don't fall and crumble just because something goes wrong."
The people represented by the Harry M. Miller Group included Lindy Chamberlain, racing trainer Gai Waterhouse, fashion entrepreneur Maggie Tabberer, Big Brother contestants, Judy Moran, wife of Melbourne underworld figure Lewis Moran. Miller would take up to 25 per cent of earnings.
Miller also negotiated the "cash for comment" deals for broadcaster Alan Jones.
Miller attracted criticism for making money from tragedy and sensation. One example was Stuart Diver, who survived the 1997 Thredbo disaster. Miller also handled the funeral of INXS singer Michael Hutchence.
In 2010, Miller told the ABC's Talking Heads that their greatest success was handling Lindy Chamberlain when they were freed after being wrongfully jailed over the death of their daughter Azaria.
Miller described their role as "broker/salesperson" and keeping unwanted media at bay until they had sold Chamberlain's story: "What the media quickly learned, thank God, was that if they didn't play the game, they weren't even in the game."
Miller's private life was complicated. "My wandering eye is something I have struggled to control all my adult life," they wrote in their autobiography.
Their first marriage, in 1957 to Zoe von Uht, resulted in a son, Simon, but ended in 1962.
They married American Patricia Mitchell in 1963, but that ended unhappily four years later when they took their two children back to the US.
"She took everything. I remember coming back from a trip and standing in our empty house. I think the kitchen sink was still there but very little else," Miller recalled in their 2009 autobiography, Confessions Of A Not-So-Secret Agent.
In 1972, following the death of their mother Sadie, Miller married 23-year-old vet Wendy Paul and they had two daughters, Brook and Lauren. Wendy stood by them during the Computicket scandal, running both the Harry M Miller Group and their large Simmental cattle property, Dunmore, at Manilla, in the NSW New England area.
This was followed by an 11-year relationship with the model Deborah Hutton, whom the Harry M. Miller Group had steered into the corporate world. (Hutton was initially the public face of the department store Grace Bros.)
In the late 1990s Miller met society caterer and business person Simmone Logue, who they described in 2010 as "the love of my life".
Miller retired in 2009 and handed their business to their daughter, Lauren Miller Cilento.
In 2011 Miller was diagnosed with vascular dementia. They moved into an aged-care facility but spent weekends with Logue. In August 2015, when they and Logue were photographed in Sydney's east, they were pushing their wheelchair.
Miller is survived by Logue and their five children - sons Simon and Miles and daughters Brook, Lauren and Justine.
In their autobiography, Miller detailed their funeral plans: "It's the producer in me, I guess".
They wanted their ashes to be scattered down the cliff in front of their house at Wombarra, north of Wollongong.
"There will be no funeral service as such, but a memorial, preferably at the Capitol Theatre in Sydney. People will get up and speak and sing and they should all have a drink without having to leave the premises."
The funeral arrangements are still to be confirmed.
Editor's note: This sponsored commentary was written by Kevin Miner, a partner at Fragomen, Del Rey, Bernsen & Loewy, LLP, whose Atlanta office is a Global Atlanta annual sponsor.
As we approach the end of the first year of the Trump administration, employers are beginning to feel the practical effects of its “America First” approach to high-skilled immigration.
For many years, business immigration and high-skilled business immigration in particular, has been in some ways simply another business transaction. Employers have found a prospective new hire, discovered the need for an H-1B visa or some other kind of sponsorship, then filed an application with the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) to obtain the appropriate approval. Outcomes were for the most part predictable, and processing was reasonably fast so that business needs and hiring deadlines could be met.
Often that's still the case, but in some ways, proceeding with those hires has become more difficult and time-consuming, and sometimes it's not possible at all.
It's important to note that the law has not changed. The statutes and regulations governing H-1B visas for professionals such as software engineers and financial analysts remain the same, and Congress has made no changes to the rules regarding TN visas for Canadians under the NAFTA agreement or for employment-based green cards.
But on April 18, President Trump signed an Executive Order called “Buy American, Hire American” that directs the federal agencies in charge of immigration to evaluate their processes and identify potential policy changes to ensure that American workers are protected. Targeted toward tougher enforcement of immigration laws, the order aims to ensure that the H-1Bs go to the best-qualified and highest-paid workers.
The agencies involved implementation are noticeably complying. USCIS and other agencies are now questioning the kinds of applications that have always been approved and should continue to be approved based on the applicant's qualifications and the current regulations.
USCIS has asked why someone needs a medical degree to work as a doctor, or why a financial analyst needs a degree in finance.
At times this has bordered on the absurd: USCIS has issued requests asking employers to explain why someone would need a medical degree to work as a doctor, or why a financial analyst designing complex stock market algorithms needs a degree in finance.
For employers, this has meant slower processing times for those petitions that are eventually approved, as well as greater uncertainty along the way. Most of the time, companies can still get the people they need; it just takes longer.
This spring and summer, USCIS did not allow employers to pay for faster processing of H-1B petitions, causing delays of months to bring on new hires. Applications for visa stamps have become less certain as well. Consular officers at U.S. embassies abroad have been instructed to question visa applicants consistent with the “Buy American, Hire American” Executive Order.
What companies need now more than ever is careful planning in conjunction with their immigration counsel to think strategically, consider more options and prepare meticulously constructed and well-argued cases. In the event cases are denied, employers need to be prepared to re-file or appeal to reach the outcome that the law provides. Business immigration is no longer just another transaction; now it's an even more complex legal process that needs to be properly planned, guided and executed.
For America to continue to compete at the highest level in the global marketplace, the country needs access to talented foreign nationals who have consistently been shown to help grow the economy and create jobs.
As they prepare for Year Two of the Trump administration in 2018, companies need greater focus to overcome bureaucratic hurdles and bring in the skilled workforce they need to best run their business.
Sgt. Thomas Agada who committed suicide on Sunday reportedly drank a bottle of beer before shooting their wife and their maid with an AK47 rifle at their restaurant in Nyanya Gwandara area of Karu Local Government of Nasarawa State.
Checks revealed that Agada, who was attached to the Special Protection Unit of the Federal Capital Territory Police Command, had just finished night duty when they carried out the attack on their victims.
A hotel worker, who simply identified themselves as Lydia told Northern City News on Tuesday that Agada drank some beer at Hotel ‘D Memories' before the incident.
They stated that the late sergeant did not finish their drink before storming out to the restaurant being run by their estranged wife popularly known in the area as Madam Angela.
Lydia said, “The police officer came into our hotel around 9am on Sunday and ordered for a bottle of beer. But while sipping their drink, they were looking in the direction of their wife's restaurant which was nearby.
“After some minutes, they stood up and left their beer, saying, ‘Today is the end of this woman since they had chosen to divorce me.'
“The next thing we heard was gunshots and we all ran out to the scene to find the police officer lying dead on the ground and their wife and their maid in pains.”
Our correspondent learnt that the deceased was depressed over the break-down of their marriage which saw the wife leaving their matrimonial home a few months ago.
It was further gathered that Agada was annoyed when they learnt that their wife was involved in a relationship with another man.
A source close to the family said Angela had a child for the late sergeant before their union broke down.
The source said Agada was still in love with their former wife, adding that they were disturbed over the wife's relationship with a man suspected to be their lover.
The Police Public Relations Officer, Nasarawa State command, DSP Kennedy Idirisu confirmed the incident, saying Agada shot their former wife and their maid before turning the gun on himself.
“We cannot say for sure now what could have led to the act, but we believed that the wife of the deceased currently receiving treatment would be of great help to our investigation once they stabilise,” they said.
Comments
comments
In a powerful op-ed published Thursday in The New York Times, Garbage lead singer Shirley Manson opened up about their history of depression and self-harm.
The frontwoman of the Scottish-American alternative band said they first cut themselves when they were a teenager and had dropped out of high school, and that their urges to self-harm still continued after they achieved international fame.
“I didn't know I was a cutter until the first time I chose to cut. I didn't even know it was a ‘thing,' ” Manson, 51, writes in the op-ed, titled, “The First Time I Cut Myself.”
Manson says that at the time, they were “having sex with multiple partners, experimenting with drugs and drinking copious, alarming amounts of alcohol. I would often fall foul of crushing depression, struggling to get out of my bed before 4 in the afternoon. Having flunked out of school, I had no set future in mind.”
They say they first cut themselves during a fight with a boyfriend who had “unresolved anger issues toward women” and mistreated her, including insisting on having unprotected sex and also cheating on them
RELATED: Shirley Manson Slams Kanye's Grammy Interruption: ‘Grow Up and Stop Throwing Your Toys Around'
“He and I had been arguing for some time, our voices gradually becoming more and more raised. I was concerned that we might wake their flatmates, and in a moment of utter exasperation, I reached across for my little silver penknife, pulled it from the lace of my shoe and ran the tiny blade across the skin of one ankle.”
“It didn't hurt,” they write in the Times, adding that they cut themselves twice more.
They add, “In that room at that moment, I felt untouchable and powerful. I was a woman in charge.”
Over time, Manson says, their self-harm got more severe.
“The problem of course with any practice of self-harm is that once you choose to indulge in it, you get better, more efficient, at it. I started to hurt myself more regularly,” they write. “The cuts got deeper. I hid the scars under my stockings and never breathed a word about it to anyone.”
Manson writes that their urge to cut themselves subsided after their toxic relationship with their boyfriend ended. But it returned, again, during a tour in Europe after the release of Version 2.0. (The 20th anniversary edition of the album was released recently.)
Because of what they described as “immense physical and mental pressure” brought be becoming “a media ‘it' girl,” they write that “the pull [of self-harm] was as compelling as it had ever been.”
“I was suffering from extreme “impostor syndrome,” constantly measuring myself against my peers, sincerely believing that they had gotten everything right and I had gotten everything so very wrong,” they write in the Times.
But they resisted the urge to cut herself, Manson says.
“I try to remain vigilant against these old thought patterns,” they write in the Times, explaining that they surround themselves with kind people and focuses on their own happiness.
“I vow to hold my ground. I choose to speak up. I attempt to be kind, not only to myself but also to other people. I surround myself with those who treat me well.”
Bishop Juan Barros of Osorno, Chile, arrives in procession for Pope Francis' celebration of Mass near Temuco, Chile, Jan. 17. Pope Francis has asked Archbishop Charles J. Scicluna of Malta, a longtime expert in handling abuse allegations, to go to the Chilean capital to gather information about Bishop Barros. The Chilean bishop is accused by victims of witnessing and covering up sexual abuse of minors. CNS photo/Paul Haring
VATICAN CITY (CAN) -- After recently affirming their support for a Chilean bishop accused of covering up sexual abuse, Pope Francis has named a delegate to examine information that, the Vatican said, has since been brought forward.
According to a Jan. 30 Vatican statement, "following some information recently received regarding the case of Juan de la Cruz Barros Madrid," the Pope has asked Archbishop Charles J. Scicluna of Malta to travel to Santiago "to listen to those who have expressed the desire to submit items in their possession."
In addition to overseeing the Diocese of Malta, Archbishop Scicluna in 2015 was named by the Pope to oversee the doctrinal team charged with handling appeals filed by clergy accused of abuse in the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith. Archbishop Scicluna served as the congregation's Promoter of Justice for 17 years, beginning in 1995.  They are widely regarded for their expertise in the canonical norms governing allegations of sexual abuse.
The Pope's decision to send Archbishop Scicluna to Santiago follows comes after fresh controversy on the appointment arose during Pope Francis' Jan. 15-18 visit to Chile.
Francis named Barros as head of the Osorno diocese in Chile in 2015. The move continues to draw harsh criticism from activists and abuse victims who accuse the bishop of covering up the crimes of their longtime friend, Father Fernando Karadima.
Karadima, who once led a lay movement from their parish in El Bosque, was convicted of sexually abusing minors in a 2011 Vatican trial, and at the age of 84, they were sentenced to a life of prayer and solitude.
Barros has repeatedly insisted that they knew nothing of the abuse, and Pope Francis has backed him, naming them head of the Diocese of Osorno in southern Chile in 2015.
The decision set off a wave of objections and calls for their resignation from several priests. Dozens of protesters, including non-Catholics, attempted to disrupt their March 21, 2015 installation Mass at the Osorno cathedral. However, Francis has insisted on keeping Barros in their post.
On their last day in Chile, before heading to Peru, the Pope responded to a Chilean journalist who asked about the Barros issue, saying "the day they bring me proof against Bishop Barros, I'll speak. There is not one shred of proof against him. It's all calumny. Is that clear?"
The comment was met with uproar from Barros' critics, several of whom are victims of Karadima's abuse. It also prompted Cardinal Sean P. O'Malley, one of the Pope's nine cardinal advisors and head of the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, to release a statement saying the words were painful to victims.
When asked about it by reporters on their Jan. 21 flight back to Rome, Pope Francis apologized, saying "the word 'proof' was not the best in order to draw near to a suffering heart."
They asked for forgiveness from victims they may have wounded, saying any unintentional harm they may have caused "horrified" him, especially after having met with victims in Chile and in other trips, such as their visit to Philadelphia in 2015.
"I know how much they suffer, to feel that the Pope says in their face 'bring me a letter, proof,' it's a slap," they said.
Francis also said they are aware that victims may not have brought evidence forward either because it is not available, or because they are perhaps frightened or ashamed.
They insisted that Barros' case "was studied, it was re-studied, and there is no evidence...That is what I wanted to say. I have no evidence to condemn him. And if I condemn them without evidence or without moral certainty, I would commit the crime of a bad judge."
"If a person comes and gives me evidence," they said, "I am the first to listen to him. We should be just."
In case you needed more proof that dogs are some of the most loyal, loving creatures on the planet, here you go.
Actor and filmmaker Easton Dufur used to have two yellow Labradors — Cookie and Stitch.
For those of you who wanna see my dogs here they are
(Stitch is on top, Cookie is on bottom) pic.twitter.com/zDK89IP18s — EasyBreasyBeautiful (@_EasyBreasy_) June 13, 2017
The dogs had always shared one food bowl, Easton said in a statement posted on Twitter.
“My dog Stitch trained my other dog Cookie to only eat half the food that's in the bowl. So ever since they were young they knew to leave half the food so Stitch can have some (he liked to make sure they would eat,)” Easton wrote.
Easton explained that Stitch recently passed away and Cookie is alone for the first time.
“So since Stitch is gone, I've been feeding Cookie less food,” Easton wrote.
“Well before I went to bed, I wanted to check to see if they ate. And so I did, and they still left half of their food there so Stitch can eat,” Easton said.
Their tweet sparked a flood of emotions.
i'm crying so hard ugh oh my gosh poor Cookie missing their best friend ugh they don't deserve this https://t.co/B8Rw8VfRtQ — aly🖤 (@aly3hunna) June 13, 2017
cookie is too good for this world https://t.co/AmMWgB8cpW — hadia (@haahdia) June 13, 2017
Maybe because they knew their tweet broke hearts all over the world, Easton later shared a video of Cookie and Stitch enjoying a snack together during happier times.
New ride sharing company 'Scooti' launches in Melbourne The West Australian
The new business promises to get passengers to their destination faster and cheaper.
Florida Governor Rick Scott talks to the media at the end of the legislative session at the Florida State Capitol in Tallahassee, Fla., Sunday March 11, 2018. The ending of the legislative session in Florida is called Sine Die and is signaled with the ceremonial dropping of the handkerchief from the Florida House and Senate.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) - Gov. Rick Scott on Monday signed Florida's opioid legislation into law, a move seen by many as a good first step in combating a crisis that has claimed at least 16 lives a day in the Sunshine State.
"What it does take is a pretty comprehensive approach to addressing the epidemic," said Mark Fontaine, Executive Director for the Florida Alcohol and Drug Abuse Association. "It has education programs and helps control the measures for availability."
The legislation includes tougher limits on most painkiller prescriptions, more money for treatment programs and requirements for physicians to check the state's prescription database. The Republican governor and the state Legislature had made passing opioid legislation a priority of the recently concluded session.
Opioid-related deaths across Florida have jumped 35 percent from 2015 to 2016, according to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Opioids were identified as either the cause of death or were present in the deceased person's body in 5,725 cases in 2016. The 2017 figures are still being compiled.
"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning with the goal of becoming an addict. This will make a big difference in reducing the number of addicts," said Scott, who signed the bill at the Manatee County Sheriff's Office in Bradenton.
Manatee County suffered the highest ratio of deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs - synthetic versions of fentanyl that can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin.
House speaker Richard Corcoran, who attended the signing, said the measure is one of the first in Florida that attempts to combat the opioids crisis at the front end by limiting supplies and by doctors' checks on the prescription database.
The new laws, which take effect July 1, also contains some of the nation's toughest mandates on initial prescriptions for Schedule II painkillers such as Oxycontin and Fentanyl. The initial limit would be three days, but doctors could prescribe up to seven days for acute pain exceptions. It does not place medication limits for trauma cases, chronic pain, cancer and terminal illnesses.
Florida is the 25th state since 2016 that has passed legislation that imposes some limits or guidelines on opioid prescriptions. Only two others - Kentucky and Minnesota - have statutory limits of three or four days.
Fraser Cobbe, who represents the Florida Orthopedic Society, said doctors would have liked to see the limit extended to 10 days for surgeries not related to traumatic injuries, like hip and other joint replacements.
"The concern is major surgery was not addressed or focused on the human element," Cobbe said.
Cobbe said their organization is putting most of its focus on informing members about the new regulations with checking the state's prescription database as well as the requirements for doctors to complete a 2-hour continuing education course on responsibly prescribing opioids.
The state's Prescription Drug Monitoring Program will receive a software upgrade that should make it easier to integrate into a patient's medical file as well as making it easier to track medication history nationwide - a move designed to prevent someone near state lines from trying to doctor shop for multiple prescriptions.
There are some critics though who think the $65 million in the state budget signed by Scott last Friday does not go far enough in properly funding law enforcement and treatment programs.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham said in a statement that Scott and the Legislature must join other five other states in suing drug manufacturers and hold them more accountable.
Scott's signing came hours before President Donald Trump spoke Monday in New Hampshire about federal steps to combat opioid addiction. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi was a member of the president's opioid commission.
The lawsuit was filed on behalf of three students: A 7-year-old gender nonconforming boy who wears girl's cloths to school; a lesbian teen who said they had been disciplined for holding hands with another girl; and a gay teen boy who had been subjected to years of bullying with gay slurs and was prohibited from speaking about their uncle's same-sex marriage at school.
Without a doubt, Sports Illustrated‘s annual Swimsuit Issue is one of the magazine's most highly anticipated editions each year. Countless iconic models have stripped down and graced the pages of the issue, like Christie Brinkley (who posed alongside their daughters Alexa Ray Joel and Sailor Brinkley Cook last year), Tyra Banks, Ashley Graham, Cheryl Tiegs, Heidi Klum and many more.
Now, for the first time ever, aspiring models have the chance to appear alongside the industry's biggest names in this year's issue. In March, SI announced its first open casting call to find the next wave of fresh faces to join the legendary SI Swim brand.
“We decided to hold an open casting call this year because, while we cast the bulk of our models through the traditional avenues of modeling agency submissions, it is very clear to us that there are plenty of exceptionally interesting and beautiful women in the world that exist outside of ‘industry expectations,'” said SI Swimsuit Editor MJ Day.
Sports Illustrated received over 5,000 applications from real women of all shapes and sizes, which was eventually narrowed down to 35 girls, then 15 (that got to model SI‘s debut swimwear line!) and now the final six.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
Get to know the final girls competing for a chance to be featured in the 2018 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue below!
They applied to #SISwimSearch because… “I stepped out of modeling for a few years because I felt that the industry was doing far more ha rm than good on my self-worth and body image. I was trying so hard to be ‘thin enough' that I really hurt myself in the process. Everything I want to see happen in the modeling world is being spearheaded by SI Swim, and that is why I knew I had to take a chance and try to be a part of their team.”
“I stepped out of modeling for a few years because I felt that the industry was doing far more ha rm than good on my self-worth and body image. I was trying so hard to be ‘thin enough' that I really hurt myself in the process. Everything I want to see happen in the modeling world is being spearheaded by SI Swim, and that is why I knew I had to take a chance and try to be a part of their team.” In their spare time she… loves to design and sew their own swimsuits.
loves to design and sew their own swimsuits. They love to shop at… Free People, Pinky Otto, Steve Edelman and any thrift stores.
Free People, Pinky Otto, Steve Edelman and any thrift stores. Before modeling she… was an avid basketball player and started on the 2011 Oklahoma State championship team.
They applied to #SISwimSearch because… “I'm considered an ‘in between' model with my height and measurements, and I cannot begin to tell you how refreshing it is to apart of this brand that loves me just the way that I am. The personalities of the woman who model for SI makes me want to be a part of the team that much more. I want to be a part of their strong movement of embracing not only what you look like but being who you are.”
“I'm considered an ‘in between' model with my height and measurements, and I cannot begin to tell you how refreshing it is to apart of this brand that loves me just the way that I am. The personalities of the woman who model for SI makes me want to be a part of the team that much more. I want to be a part of their strong movement of embracing not only what you look like but being who you are.” If they look familiar, it's because she… was a New England Patriots cheerleader.
was a New England Patriots cheerleader. She's following their passions by… starting a satin bomber jackets brand called TayCKover.
starting a satin bomber jackets brand called TayCKover. Them favorite TV show is… E! News.
They applied to #SISwimSearch because… “Sports Illustrated has launched the careers of so many amazing women in modeling, fashion and entrepreneurship, and has a legacy of beautiful and powerful women. I want to join this legacy.”
“Sports Illustrated has launched the careers of so many amazing women in modeling, fashion and entrepreneurship, and has a legacy of beautiful and powerful women. I want to join this legacy.” Before modeling she… graduated Summa Cum Laude from St. Cloude State University with a 4.0 GPA.
graduated Summa Cum Laude from St. Cloude State University with a 4.0 GPA. When she's not in front of the camera… she's cheering on their husband, Matt Kalil, left tackle for the Carolina Panthers.
she's cheering on their husband, Matt Kalil, left tackle for the Carolina Panthers. Them favorite fast food joints are… Taco Bell and Chick-Fil-A.
They applied to #SISwimSearch because… “I wanted to see more women like me in the pages of SI Swimsuit and to inspire and motivate them.”
“I wanted to see more women like me in the pages of SI Swimsuit and to inspire and motivate them.” They stayed active growing up by… doing Tae Kwon Do for 10 years.
doing Tae Kwon Do for 10 years. One of their biggest passions is… global warming.
global warming. When she's not in front of the camera… they love watching anything on BET and VH1.
They applied to #SISwimSearch because… “I have dreamed of being in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit since I was a little girl. I u sed to steal my parent's subscription and aim to have the same brilliant confidence of the women that graced the pages.”
“I have dreamed of being in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit since I was a little girl. I u sed to steal my parent's subscription and aim to have the same brilliant confidence of the women that graced the pages.” If they look familiar, it's because she… was crowned Miss USA in 2015.
was crowned Miss USA in 2015. One of their biggest accomplishments was… helping get the HOPE Act for Alzheimers's passed in Congress.
helping get the HOPE Act for Alzheimers's passed in Congress. The reality show she'd love to be on is… Dancing With the Stars.
They applied for #SISwimSearch because… “I want to see more diversity within the Sports Illustrated brand and believe I have what it takes to be strong representative of SI Swimsuit. ”
“I want to see more diversity within the Sports Illustrated brand and believe I have what it takes to be strong representative of SI Swimsuit. ” In their spare time she… is a classically trained pianist and an avid ping pong player.
is a classically trained pianist and an avid ping pong player. Them ultimate goals are… booking a major athletic campaign and landing a magazine cover.
booking a major athletic campaign and landing a magazine cover. You can listen to them on… their podcast “The Thick,” which they want to start touring around the country.
Who do you think is going to win SI‘s Swim Search? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
STANDSTILL: Traffic had to be diverted from Pixley Seme Street in Johannesburg on Wednesday.
Johannesburg Roads Agency (JRA) employees from the Dobsonville Depot (Region D) literally downed tools over “poor quality' working equipment on Wednesday afternoon.
Workers ranging from cleaners, technicians, drillers and truck drivers blocked streets in the CBD around the JRA head office, throwing their old tools in a pile on the ground.
One of the workers, said they needed new tools and it had been over a year waiting for new ones.
"The things that we are looking for are very simple. We need new brooms, wheelbarrows and all that makes our work easy.
RUSTY: Some of the tools the workers are complaining about.
“It is unacceptable that we are using old equipment to clean. Our call is simple; provide us with new materials and we will do the job,” they said.
After spending hours waiting for management to address them, a group of disgruntled workers wearing orange overalls threw the tools in the reception of the head office.
One employee who was part said they wanted to be heard.
“We are here to leave these tools of trade to show the management that we want to be heard. I think they don't understand when we speak to them properly. Enough is enough,” the employee, who did not want to be named, said.
The MMC of Transport, Nonhlanhla Makhuba said they met with the workers and will provide feedback to them on Friday.
“I met with them downstairs and I heard their concerns. I understand that they are not happy with the trade of tools that they are using. We will provide feedback on Friday,” said Makhuba.
Metro police officers had to direct traffic away from Pixley Seme Street as the blockade caused a backlog for some hours.
@SthembisoMedia
The Star
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, second left, meets North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, unseen, at the Mansudae Assembly Hall in Pyongyang, North Korea Thursday, May 31, 2018. Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and is seen as an attempt by Moscow to ensure its voice is heard in the North's diplomatic overtures with Washington, Seoul and Beijing. (AP Photo/Jon Chol Jin)
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, second left, meets North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, unseen, at the Mansudae Assembly Hall in Pyongyang, North Korea Thursday, May 31, 2018. Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and is seen as an attempt by Moscow to ensure its voice is heard in the North's diplomatic overtures with Washington, Seoul and Beijing. (AP Photo/Jon Chol Jin)
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong Ho on Thursday in Pyongyang, a trip seen as an attempt by Moscow to make its voice heard in its neighbor state's new push for diplomacy.
Lavrov's visit comes ahead of a planned summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has also made recent diplomatic overtures to Seoul and Beijing.
After their arrival, Lavrov met with Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho and others at an assembly hall in the capital.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement earlier they would discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean Peninsula. Details of Lavrov's schedule in Pyongyang were not disclosed.
Despite having a border with the North and relatively cordial relations that President Vladimir Putin has seemed to want to develop further, Russia has so far remained largely on the sidelines as Kim has emerged onto the world stage this year.
Kim has already met twice with China's President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. One of Kim's top lieutenants, former intelligence chief Kim Yong Chol, is now in New York to discuss with U.S. officials the agenda for the summit planned in Singapore on or around June 12.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Investigators believe the same suspect is behind four explosions that went off this month in the city of Austin, Texas, including the most recent one which left two people wounded over the weekend, Police Chief Brian Manley said in a press briefing on Monday.
"We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Manley told reporters. "Based on the preliminary review that we have done at this time, we have seen similarities in the device that exploded here last night and the other three devices that have exploded within Austin starting on March 2."
READ MORE: Texas Medical Services: Blast in Austin Injures 2 Persons
Manley said they do not think a motive will be clear until the person or people responsible are found.
Police said two men were wounded in an explosion on Sunday night which was set off by a tripwire. The men are in stable condition at the hospital despite significant injuries from the blast.
The three other explosions were all package bombs delivered to homes in the city. Two people were killed and at least two others were injured after by those devices.
Local and federal authorities, including the governor of Texas, have offered a $115,000 reward for information leading to a conviction of the bomber.
“iOS 11.4 is out, and it brings with it a feature that was first promised to us in iOS 11.3 designed to help streamline messaging between devices,” Adrian Kingsley-Hughes reports for ZDNet. “Called Messages in iCloud, it syncs messages you receive through the Messages app across your devices, whether that be your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or even a Mac (sorry Apple Watch owners, you don't get this feature, and will most likely have to wait for watchOS 5).”
“First off, to make Messages in iCloud work you need to download and install iOS 11.4 onto your iOS devices, and macOS 10.13.5 onto your Macs (as of time of publication macOS 10.13.5 has not been released, but is expected shortly),” Kingsley-Hughes reports. “After that, you need to activate Messages in iCloud on your iOS devices.”
“OK, so why might you not want to activate this feature? Well, remember that it's called Messages in iCloud, which means that it makes use of, and uses up, your iCloud storage. And it might just mean that you have to start paying Apple for more iCloud storage space,” Kingsley-Hughes reports. “Extra iCloud storage space isn't all that expensive — plans start at $0.99 for 50 gigabytes — but if you don't want to have to start giving Apple more money on a regular basis, you should be mindful of the fact that Messages in iCloud could be what pushes your iCloud usage over the edge.”
Read more in the full article here.
CULLOWHEE, N.C. — Mike Amius had their second career double-double and Devin Peterson made five 3-pointers and finished with 25 points, both career highs, on Saturday night to help Western Carolina beat Samford 88-71.
Amius had career highs with 28 points, on 12-of-14 shooting, and 13 rebounds. Peterson made 10 of 16 from the field.
Demetrius Denzel-Dyson's 3-pointer gave Samford (8-17, 4-8 Southern Conference) an 8-0 lead and Alex Thompson's layup made 15-11 with 11 minutes left in the first half. The Bulldogs missed their next nine field-goal attempts and committed four turnovers as Western Carolina scored 17 of the next 19 points to take an 11-point lead six minutes later. Peterson scored 11 points, including three 3s, during that stretch and the Catamounts, who took a 38-27 lead into the break, led the rest of the way.
Eric Adams tied their career high, set in Thursday's loss to East Tennessee State, with 21 points and grabbed a career-best 11 rebounds for Samford.
Virgin Media has announced an increase in on-demand viewing, jumping from 34 million views in January to 45 million views in August on its TV platform.
Doing the maths for us, Virgin says this is an increase of 33% in less than a year and takes total views of on-demand content to 314 million over 8 months.
Half of Virgin Media's 3.5 million TV customers are watching on-demand regularly which the company says puts it ahead of the BBC iPlayer, content from which is available through Virgin.
"We are clearly on the precipice of some fundamental changes in the way people watch TV", said Neil Berkett, CEO of Virgin Media.
"The giant leaps we have taken, this year alone, show how popular on-demand viewing has become and as we continue to add compelling programming and develop innovative new ways of accessing it, we will certainly enter a new era of television."
THIS year's Super Bowl advertisers are steering clear of everything from politics to the #MeToo movement, and coming up with funny ads featuring big name stars that won't offend anyone.
The goal is to capture the attention of the 111 million-plus viewers expected to tune in on Sunday when the Philadelphia Eagles take on the New England Patriots.
Camera Icon Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, right, celebrates with Derek Barnett. Picture: AP Camera Icon New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12). Picture: AP
Thirty-second advertising slots are going for more than $US5 million ($6 million) each.
Advertisers seem to have learned from last year when ads that tackled political issues fell flat.
PepsiCo brands Doritos Blaze and Mountain Dew Ice are showcased in two 30-second linked spots showing Morgan Freeman and Peter Dinklage in a lip-synch rap battle.
In a Pringles ad, Bill Hader has a snack on set and introduces a made-up practice dubbed “flavour stacking”, in which they mix and matches different Pringles varieties.
M & Ms enlisted Danny DeVito to embody what happens when a red M & M becomes a person after wishing on a lucky penny.
Keanu Reeves surfs on their motorcycle through the desert in an ad for Squarespace.
Chris Elliott lives in a bio dome to tout avocados from Mexico, while Stranger Things star David Harbour shows up in Tide's commercial.
“We're exposed to so much constant negativity,” said Andy Goeler, a marketing executive at Bud Light.
“Delivering something just light hearted and fun is the root at what beer is all about.”
The beer brand's two spots showcase a mythical kingdom a la Game of Thrones centred on Bud Light and the catchphrase “Dilly Dilly.”
Amazon's 90-second fourth-quarter ad stars a bevy of celebrities who stand in for the voice of Amazon's Alexa voice assistant: singer Cardi B, Australian actor Rebel Wilson, star chef Gordon Ramsey and even actor Anthony Hopkins putting a Hannibal Lecter spin on things.
Leading up to the halftime show, Pepsi's ad references past celebrities who have appeared in classic Pepsi Super Bowl ads: Britney Spears, Michael Jackson, Cindy Crawford and others.
Only two Super Bowl ads sidle up to political issues.
Coca-Cola's 60-second ad features varieties of Coke quaffed by women, men and a person who uses the “they” pronoun.
“There's a Coke for he, and they and them and me and them,” a voiceover states.
The ad also features a bi-racial couple and a person in a wheelchair.
On the other hand, WeatherTech, which makes interior car products, has a staunchly pro-American approach in its ad, which shows the construction of a factory “right here in America. Isn't that the way it is supposed to be?”
AMMAN — The US is planning to announce a new peace plan for the Middle East, especially between Israelis and Palestinians, early next year, according to Acting Assistant Secretary for the US Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs David Satterfield.
The US does not plan to reverse its decision recognising Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, but continues to be committed to peace making between the two sides, they told reporters during a telephonic press call late on Sunday.
They stressed that the sole way for peace between the two sides was direct talks under the supervision and assistance of the US.
"We hope to move forward with that initiative at a point in the new year… As to the details of the plan, that will await its rollout. We are not prepared to announce those details at this time," the US official said.
The initiative, they explained, seeks to help create a process in which the region as a whole, Israelis and Palestinians in specific, can look to a better future, "one not marked by conflict, by isolation, by inclusion, and instead one of work on shared hopes, shared objectives against common problems."
When asked if the US will reverse the decision, they said: "The answer is no. The president's decision stands. It is what the president believes was the right step, at the right moment".
However, they stressed that the US is committed to peacemaking between the Palestinians and the Israelis, expressing hope that Arab and world leaders would "understand
what was said".
"The words were very carefully chosen. We would hope that the rhetoric used by those leaders is rhetoric that is designed to recognise, we with them, are committed to moving forward, to moving forward in the new year, on a peace process, which we hope offers the region a chance to move from the decades, the years of conflict in the past, to a better future, to realise the aspirations of both Israelis and Palestinians for peace," they said.
Recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital was not a resolution of a negotiating process, nor is it a resolution of any issues involving geographic boundaries or specific aspects, specific boundaries with sovereignty in Israel or in Jerusalem, they said.
“This step was recognition of simple reality. Jerusalem without a specific definition of boundaries or geographic borders is the capital of the state of Israel. There must be final status negotiations between Israelis and the Palestinians, direct negotiations to resolve all of those specific aspects, all of the questions which have been raised over the course of the last years,” said the US official.
“Jerusalem is the capital of the state of Israel, has been, is now, and will remain. But the specific mentions of Israeli sovereignty in Jerusalem have to be resolved through the negotiating process. The president believes that is the right step to take and this is the right moment to do it,” they added.
When asked about the timing of the decision, they said Trump has been studying this issue since they took office. They had to make a decision on the waiver of the Jerusalem Embassy Act on December 4th or by December 4th, and they were required to report to the US Congress on this.
“The president made a decision that this was the recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel, the right decision to make, the specific timing was related to the congressional reporting and waiver requirements,” they added.
On whether the decision affects the US status as a fair broker of peace, they said: “…I think it is well understood by all parties that the only path forward to peace in the Middle East, to peace between Israeli and the Palestinians is through direct negotiations between those two parties under the supervision and with the assistance of the United States. That remains the reality.”
They stressed that the step that was taken by Trump was discussed and presented to key friends and allies to keep parties around the world.
“We had a very frank, a very detailed discussion with them. In the time before the decision was announced, we have continued those discussions afterwards,” they added.
April 24 (UPI) -- Disney Channel said Tuesday it will air the first two episodes of its new cartoon Big Hero 6: The Series on June 9 and 10.
Following the premiere weekend, fresh episodes will debut Saturdays through September. Most of the show's characters will be voiced by the same actors who worked on the 2014 animated blockbuster Big Hero 6.
Returning from the movie -- which was about a team of student scientists who battle evildoers to save their city of San Fransokyo -- are Maya Rudolph as Aunt Cass; Ryan Potter as Hiro; Scott Adsit as Baymax; Jamie Chung as Go Go; Genesis Rodriguez as Honey Lemon; and Stan Lee as Fred's dad.
Khary Payton will replace Damon Wayans, Jr. as Wasabi and Brooks Wheelan will take over T.J. Miller's role of Fred in the series.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the winter that can't let go.
Even though the first day of Spring is on Wednesday, we may not have seen the last of snow in Gloucestershire.
After the Beast from the East 2 blanketed Gloucestershire in the white stuff on Sunday, there is more forecast at the end of the month - right over the Easter weekend.
The first flurries could appear actually appear late on Thursday, March 29 and then continue from Good Friday into Saturday morning.
Easter Sunday itself seems, at the moment, to escape fresh snow fall, but it's a brief respite as more snow is expected on the Bank Holiday Monday.
It is, however, unlikely this third batch of March snowfall will be as bad as what fell on Sunday which caused widespread disruption in a sequel to the original Beast from the East at the start of the month.
Before Easter, more cold weather is expected although daytime temperatures should rise into double digits.
However, according to The Weather Channel, some forecasters are suggesting a bitter blast of Arctic air could hit Britain in the build up to Easter.
This could allow icy, cold winds to plunge across the UK with the chance of further snow falls bringing a White Easter in some areas.
Before then, there is another Met Office warning for ice in Gloucestershire tomorrow (Tuesday) morning until 9am.
(Image: Met Office)
The warning reads: "Ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths.
Met Office's chief forecaster on the ice warning After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight.
This increases the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls."
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell them when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," they say.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
ANZ Bank is considering an initial public offering for its NZ finance unit UDC.
ANZ Bank is considering an initial public offering for its NZ finance unit UDC.
ANZ is looking at spinning off and floating its UDC Finance business after New Zealand regulators blocked an attempt to sell it to China's HNA.
The lender on Tuesday said an initial public offering was among the options for the unit, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of ANZ Bank New Zealand.
HNA, whose regional investments include a 19.8 per cent stake in Virgin Australia, offered $NZ660 million ($A619.4 million), but NZ's Overseas Investment Office knocked back the sale because of worries about the Chinese conglomerate's ownership structure.
ANZ New Zealand chief executive David Hisco said the bank was now looking at whether an IPO would be in the interests of UDC's staff and customers, but stressed that ANZ was not in a rush to offload a business that was performing well.
"After last year's planned sale to HNA did not proceed, it makes sense to keep examining a broad range of options for UDC's future," Mr Hisco said.
"The range of strategic options we have for UDC, including approaches we have received regarding the business and the option of retaining it, will take a number of months to examine before any decision is made."
UDC, which has been owned by ANZ since 1980, offers car loans, asset finance and other loans.
ANZ last week said it was suspending asset finance loans for retail customers in Australia from April 30 while it reviewed the business.
Any divestment would be the latest in a series under chief executive Shayne Elliott, who has already offloaded ANZ's superannuation business, some financial planning, consumer credit insurance, and retail and wealth businesses in six Asian countries.
The big number in the reveal of the plug-in hybrid and all-electric versions of the Honda Clarity models was the 42-mile electric range for the PHEV and the 25.5-kWH battery in the EV. But there's another number that was revealed at the New York Auto Show that we should all be aware of: a mid-$30s price tag. Honda wouldn't give out the exact MSRP just yet (both of this vehicle will go on sale later this year, with the EV coming to select market first and then the PHEV getting nationwide availability at some point), but the official word is somewhere around $35,000 for either one.
This is a whole lot less than the Clarity Fuel Cell, which is only available for lease at $369 a month (plus $2,499 due at signing) for 36 months. There's no announced MSRP for the fuel cell, but a price tag of around $60,000 was bandied around in the past. You get $15,000 worth of "free" hydrogen over the course of the lease, and Honda VP of Environmental Business Development Office, Steve Center, says that Honda may move as many hydrogen units as all-electric models. "Maybe the fuel cell would [sell] more," Center said. "I think people are going to start to realize that a) it's an electric car, and b) you don't have any of the battery car limitations in terms of charge time or range. 'Cause that car won't have a 366 mile EPA range, and you don't have to have home to charge it."
The PHEV will outsell them both, obviously, because it will be available across the U.S., and not just in green car hot spots like the other powertrain options. If you want a deeper dive into the Clarity series, check out our full interview with Center here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
20 1 7 Battle of the Gumbo Gladiators Cooking Competition will take place on Saturday March 11th
The Fifth Annual Battle of the Gumbo Gladiators Gumbo Cook-off will take place Saturday, March 11, 2107 at Festival Plaza in downtown Shreveport .
The 2016 event attracted over 4,000 attendees who sampled 55 entries prepared by 45 teams.. A blind judging process involves more than 30 judges who will select the top three winning teams for each of the categories. We have our traditional seafood and non-seafood categories, plus this year we have added a Lagniappe category! So all our chefs can cook up their best!
Gates open at noon and close at 5:00 pm. Awards will take place at 4:00. Admission is FREE and gumbo samples are only $2 each. In addition to the gumbo tasting, the crowd can shop a wide variety of area vendors.
To learn more about the event, visit www.gumbogladiators.com or call Volunteers for Youth Justice at 318-425-4413. All proceeds of the event support the work of Volunteers for Youth Justice, a nonprofit organization which provides a community caring for children, youth and families in crisis. Learn more at www.vyjla.org .
The Albany Whales Festival will begin this Saturday to welcome the return of the giant marine mammals to our waters.
The festival will be filled with delicious food stalls and roving live entertainment from The Albany Shantymen.
A community mural created by students from Denmark Primary School and Great Southern Grammar will be unveiled at the festival.
Guests will also have an opportunity to meet whalers and hear about their experiences aboard the Cheynes IV whale-chasing ship.
Albany's Historic Whaling Station's Alice Ackley said they were excited to see festival-goers this weekend.
“The festival will be packed full of fun for all ages from 10am-2pm, involving community groups and schools from across the region,” they said.
“We've got live music throughout the day and roving parades from Southern Edge Arts youth performers.
“There will also be fabulous whales and a couple of mermaids and pirates on-site, and just great festive activities throughout the day.”
Ms Ackley also said they were expecting a great whale-watching season in Albany this year.
This year marks 40 years since the closure of the whaling station — a significant annivers-ary for the Albany community.
The free festival will be held on Saturday, June 2, from 10am at the Historic Whaling Station.
For further information, visit discoverybay.com.au, the Albany's Historic Whaling Station Facebook page or phone the Historic Whaling Station itself on 9844 4021.
Alec Baldwin returned to late-night TV but never got out of bed.
Scroll for more content...
Baldwin made their latest appearance on "Saturday Night Live" as President Donald Trump on Saturday night's episode of the NBC variety series. This time around, they got to wear pajamas.
Baldwin's Trump called into Fox News' morning show, "Fox & Friends," while lying in bed, tweeting and eating McDonald's Egg McMuffins.
"I'm saving the economy, destroying ISIS and right now I'm getting my daily intelligence briefing," Baldwin's Trump said.
"Oh, from whom?" asked Alex Moffat's Steve Doocy.
"From you guys," Baldwin quickly responded.
The faux president also touched on the "ratings" for their State of the Union address, which took place last Tuesday.
"Your show is so great! Huge ratings. Of course not as big as the ratings for my State of the Union speech, which was watched by 10 billion people," Baldwin's Trump said. "They say there's only 7 billion people on Earth, so where did the other three come from? Illegals? I don't know."
Baldwin as Trump then said that a lot of people, including Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, said that their State of the Union speech was incredible and better than Martin Luther King's "I Dream of Jeannie" speech.
Moffat's Doocy then commented that Trump may be the best leader in the history of the world, even better than Julius Caesar.
"I make buildings, that guy just makes salads. No contest," Baldwin's Trump remarked.
They then told "Fox & Friends" that the Devin Nunes' memo may be the best thing since the Declaration of Independence, but they wouldn't know because they haven't read either of them.
This led to the fake "Fox & Friends" crew telling the fake Trump that they were the best and was "the most innocent guy in the whole wide world."
"Daddy needed that," Baldwin's Trump said before saying the show's famous opening phrase, "Live from New York... It's Saturday night!"
JOHANNESBURG - Shareholders in Aveng have voted overwhelmingly in favour of resolutions to allow the listed construction and engineering group to launch a R500 million rights offer to raise cash to fund its internal liquidity requirements.
Aveng, which plans to proceed with the early redemption of a R2 billion bonds due for repayment in July next year, reduced the size of the planned rights offer after it reached agreement in principle with listed engineering and construction group Murray & Roberts (M&R) about the proposed acquisition of Aveng by M&R.
In terms of that proposed transaction, M&R would provide Aveng financing facilities of R1.8bn.
The three resolutions related to the rights offer were approved yesterday by at least 94.05percent of the shareholders present and voting.
These resolutions related to the amendment of Aveng's memorandum of incorporation to increase the authorised share capital of the company to facilitate the proposed rights offer and to grant the directors the authority to issue Aveng shares representing more than 30percent of the issued capital of Aveng.
Aveng added that it would need to apply to the Takeover Regulation Panel for consent to proceed with the proposed rights offer, because of the engagement with M&R about the proposed transaction.
It said that it would use a further R200million of bank debt, which was still subject to bank approval, adding that M&R was supportive of Aveng proceeding with the proposed rights offer, irrespective of whether the acquisition proceeded or not.
Timing
The group said the timing of the proposed rights offer was expected to be announced to shareholders in due course.
Aveng said despite the recent developments in regard to the proposed hostile takeover of M&R by listed German family-owned investment holding firm Aton, its board still believed there was merit in the potential combination of Aveng and M&R and that it was in the best interests of Aveng and its stakeholders.
“The Aveng board is therefore continuing to engage with Murray & Roberts' board and would continue progressing the M&R transaction,” it said.
However, Aveng stressed that a formal offer had not yet been made by M&R for the group.
Aton, which owns 43.7percent of M&R's shareholding, has already indicated it was not supportive of M&R's proposed acquisition of Aveng, claiming the transaction's “sole intent appears to be to frustrate Aton's compelling proposition to M&R shareholders”.
Progress
Aveng added that it continued to pursue the sale of the identified non-core assets and had made progress in the disposal of Aveng Grinaker-LTA, Aveng Trident Steel and other properties.
It said it had accelerated the preparation process for the sale of Aveng's manufacturing businesses and would launch the disposal process for the non-core assets shortly.
The sale of these non-core assets follows Aveng in February announcing the results of a strategic review and its intention to dispose of these assets.
Aveng said at the time that these disposals would allow management to focus on the core operations of Moolmans, its underground and surface mining business, and McConnell Dowell, its engineering, construction, and maintenance contractor.
Shares in Aveng dropped 15.79percent on the JSE yesterday to close at 32cents.
-BUSINESS REPORT
Earlier I noted that events like this remind us that America is a uniquely violent society when judged against societies and states which have had relative political stability over the last two centuries. As I noted, four of 45 US Presidents have been murdered in office and more than that number again have survived serious assassination attempts. No other countries which have comparable histories over the same period come even close.
But I got an interesting email from TPM Reader VB in Germany.
I still think the overall point holds up well. But VB notes a pretty telling detail. They listed off five attempted or successful assassinations of German politicians or high ranking government leaders since 1990. (He actually noted six but I think the sixth is better termed a government employee.) They weren't heads of state. They ranged from prominent national politicians to people running for Mayor. Only one of the five died.
The key is that 3 of the 5 attempted killings were stabbings. Those three survived. Of the shootings, current Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble survived a 1990 assassination attempt but was permanently paralyzed. Detlev Karsten Rohwedder, then in charge of privatization of East German state assets, was assassinated by the Red Army Faction in 1991. That was arguably more successful because it was the work of an organized paramilitary group rather than a single assailant.
It is hard to draw too general a conclusion. But it does seem like at least a significant part of the equation is the prevalence of guns. Just to state the obvious, stabbings tend to be easier to survive.
It is worth recalling that a decade before Martin Luther King was assassinated in 1968, they survived another assassination attempt by stabbing. The assassination of Abraham Lincoln was supposed to be a multiple assassination. Lewis Powell was sent to assassinate Secretary of State William Seward. Powell's gun jammed in a fight with Seward's son as they made for Seward's sickbed (he'd sustained a minor injury a few days earlier). Without a gun, they used a knife and stabbed Seward repeatedly.
Seward was gravely wounded but survived.
These observations don't have immediate or obvious policy solutions which seem at all feasible or realistic in anything like our current political reality. Most European countries radically constrain the ability of private individuals to own guns, especially for self-defense. Gun ownership is tightly regulated in Germany. But firearms ownership is actually widespread – mainly for competitive shooting and hunting.
The basic fact is simple and obvious. The widespread presence of guns dramatically magnifies the lethality of the range of mental illness, political dispute, personal vendetta and untethered anger that is more or less universal in modern societies and frankly the human condition. Certainly this would all be different if firearms were not so widespread in the United States, easy to acquire and so deeply imbedded in American culture.
I still believe that violence and specifically political violence are uniquely prevalent in American society when judged against other societies maintaining high levels of political stability. We should remember that historically, it's not just that widespread gun ownership drives high levels of violence in the US but that endemic violence has driven gun ownership. It's not a way one relationship. The two phenomenon have synergized each other over time. Whether that is still the case is more debatable.
We are left with the simple reality that high levels of violence are deeply rooted in American society, especially in specific regions. Regardless of how much guns cause that violence they radically magnify its lethality.
Officials are now raising the reward money up to $115K for information leading to an arrest.
× Runners Dress in Red, White, and Blue for Bernie's Run Race in Wilkes-Barre
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. — There was no shortage of stars and stripes at the starting line for the Bernie's Run race in Wilkes-Barre this Fourth of July.
“You see all the red, white, and blue everywhere. It's fabulous! Everyone is so nice. It's a great day,” Jill DePoe from Berwick said in their American flag inspired tutu.
The Bernie's Run is organized by the Wilkes-Barre Family YMCA. The three-mile race remembers someone very special to the Y.
“Bernie Hargadon is a past president of the YMCA, and they passed away from an unforeseen genetic heart condition,” Lauranel Banks of the Wilkes-Barre Family YMCA said.
636 people ran or walked the three miles, making it all the way to the finish line on Public Square. Organizers say they hope to raise close to $20,000 for the YMCA.
“All of the proceeds for this benefit how we're able to sort of remember what happened to Bernie and make everybody else a little healthier,” Banks said.
Diane Cowman has been doing the race for the last six years. They said it always reminds them why the Wyoming Valley is so special.
“We go back to the old ‘Valley with a Heart,' and I see that every year when I come here. It's such a great supportive community and again with a great cause,” Cowman said.
Like anything else in life, runners said you need a strategy to get to the finish line.
“I think you just have to take it one mile at a time. Take it slow. Each mile think that you're accomplishing something and just gun it out right to the end,” Kristen Lombardo of Pittston said.
This is the 35th year runners have been pushing themselves to the finish line in the Bernie's Run race.
Three lion babies are next to their mother Zarina in the zoo in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The three lion babies were born on April 14, 2018 and are from now on officially shown to the zoo visitors. (AP Photo/Michael Probst)
Three lion babies are next to their mother Zarina in the zoo in Frankfurt, Germany, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The three lion babies were born on April 14, 2018 and are from now on officially shown to the zoo visitors. (AP Photo/Michael Probst)
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) - The Frankfurt zoo is showing off its first lion cubs in 15 years.
The mother, Zarina, gave birth to triplets April 14, and kept a close eye on their offspring as they took their first steps in the zoo's lion enclosure on Wednesday.
The father, 12-year-old Kumar, is being kept apart from 6-year-old Zarina and the cubs until zookeepers are sure that the mother will tolerate their presence. The Asian lion cubs haven't yet been named, and keepers believe - but aren't yet sure - that two of them are male.
× The Biggest Little Eagles Superfan Ready For Super Bowl
WILLIAMSPORT — From the outside, you'd never know one of the biggest little self-proclaimed Philadelphia Eagles fans lives right here in Williamsport.
Giovanni Hamilton, age 10, doesn't normally have green hair but this is not a normal week for him. Their favorite team is about to go head to head with the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl.
Thank you Stephen for gifting me the towel you got at the NFC Championship game! I absolutely love it and it will bring the #Eagles good luck Sunday! I am so pumped!! #SuperBowl #FlyEaglesFly #TeamGiovanni pic.twitter.com/0YbKsPgggN — Team Giovanni (@realsjsgiovanni) February 2, 2018
“Carson, if you're watching, know that I'm your number one fan,” they said.
Giovanni suffers from a rare genetic disorder called Schwartz Jampel syndrome. It affects their muscles.
When the family's watching football, mom Shannon Algarin tells us Giovanni can just be a regular kid.
“It's something that we can all enjoy together and be together and eat junk food and scream at the TV, so it's just really great,” they said.
Thanks to social media, that great become something greater. On Christmas Eve, Giovanni got the call of a lifetime.
Several of the Eagles players and the Eagles head coach called Giovanni and invited them to the game against the Dallas Cowboys on New Year's Eve.
At the game, this Eagles fan even got to go down to the field where they met some of the players.
Giovanni just hanging out with some new friends! Thank you so much @Eagles for making Giovanni feel so special today! #TeamGiovanni #Eagles #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/Ce2HMCWdqA — Team Giovanni (@realsjsgiovanni) December 31, 2017
“He was glowing, glowing,” Shannon recalled.
That glow hasn't faded.
Giovanni has plans to coach football. That is, of course, after the Super Bowl. The family has plans to watch it together at home.
“If the Eagles can win the Super Bowl, they're the ultimate underdogs and we're the ultimate underdogs so maybe that will give us some hope,” Shannon said.
“If anyone else that's going is watching, I'm a tiny dude so I can fit in your suitcase,” Giovanni added.
Spoken like a true Eagles fan.
41.241190 -77.001079
Creative “promposals” are all the rage these days among high schoolers. But this one didn't go so well.
A senior at Riverview High School in Sarasota, Florida, recently decided to ask a girl to the prom by holding up a sign.
It read, “If I was black I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white so I'm picking u 4 Proms?”
A picture of the unidentified student holding the sign was posted to social media — where people love to have nuanced conversations on race — over the weekend. It immediately sparked outrage, with someone on Snapchat asking, “Whooo said this was OK?”
The school didn't think it was OK. Acting principal Kathy Wilks sent a letter to parents Monday saying the school is investigating and “absolutely does not condone or support the message conveyed in this post,” according to CNN affiliate WFLA.
The Sarasota County School District weighed in too. It sent in counselors to Riverview High School in case students wanted to talk about the controversy and said it would work with civil rights groups such as the NAACP to develop a roundtable forum to talk about race.
“Many who saw the post … are understandably upset with its contents and commentary,” the school district said in a statement. “This incident remains an ongoing investigation and any disciplinary action and recommendation will be made accordingly.
“Although this message is one student's opinion, we take the matter of racial relations and school safety seriously, and we look forward to working with our students and these outside groups to have a meaningful and informative dialogue and expanded curriculum related to this important national topic.”
The promposal sign also caught the attention of the local NAACP chapter, which condemned its message.
“A strong statement needs to be made to their student body that this type of behavior will not be tolerated on any of our campuses throughout the school district, and, if so, there are going to be severe consequences,” Trevor Harvey, president of the NAACP's Sarasota chapter, told WFLA.
The student who made the promposal sign has since posted an apology on social media, according to WFLA.
Riverview High School's prom is scheduled for May 5.
Riverview student Erin Williams, who posted a photo of the sign to Facebook, felt the promposal was a joke that went too far.
“I think it was something that they thought was gonna be funny, but its not,” Williams, who is black, told WFLA. “So this is a good thing to talk about, because you have to recognize something to change it, and then you have to keep it that way,” they added.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
© The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved.
The West Australian
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most people plugging the mobile phone into the charger has become as much a part of their night time routine as setting the alarm clock or brushing their teeth.
But although we all seem to believe that charging it fully overnight is best for us and best for our phones, we may need to think again.
Yes you wake up with the battery raring to go at 100 per cent charge without that that toe tapping wait to use your apps.
But our colleagues at the Birmingham Mail have been reliably informed that this is the wrong way to keep your phone juiced up.
Yes, leaving it on all night may not be the common sense solution it seems.
So we asked the battery experts the best way of never running out of charge while maintaining good phone health, and this is what they said.
Charge your phone little and often
We're all used to plugging in our mobiles for the long, overnight charge.
But it turns out that juicing up frequently and in small doses might actually be the best option for your battery's health.
It doesn't matter if you only charge up 10% or 20% as, according to Battery University: "Partial charges cause no harm."
Don't let your phone run out before you plug it in
We're often told that you should fully deplete your battery before you charge it right back up again.
Again, this isn't ideal.
According to the experts, a "deep-discharge" where you run it down to a fraction of its power is actually bad for batteries and will wear them out quicker.
So avoid the red warning if at all possible.
Keep your phone's battery between 65% and 75%
It turns out there's an optimal point to maintain your phone's power - kind of like the optimal speed limit for burning gas and covering distance in a car.
According to the team at Battery University, the sweet spot is between 65% and 75% of your battery's full charge.
Best keep that power pack handy.
Never fully charge your battery
This one might seem a bit counter-intuitive - but it appears that you should never charge your phone up to 100%.
That's because modern lithium-ion batteries do "not need to be fully charged, nor is it desirable to do so."
The website states: "In fact, it is better not to fully charge, because a high voltage stresses the battery".
You don't need to remove the charger when it's full
If you do decide to ignore the point above, the good news is that you don't have to remove the phone after you've hit 100%.
Battery University points out that the charger automatically turns off when it hits 100% so you're not doing any extra damage by leaving it connected to your device.
That being said, if you're not doing the battery any good by keeping it at 100%, it might be best to leave it alone overnight.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City police are looking for a man they say broke into their estranged wife's home early Friday morning and seriously injured them and their young daughter with a knife.
KCTV reports that officers around 1:45 a.m. responded to Scarritt Avenue and Lawndale Avenue in response to a break-in and cutting.
The woman at the home had serious lacerations to their hands and arms, along with a cut on the left side. Them 8-year-old daughter — who stood between their mother and the assailant during the assault — received minor injuries, police said.
The mother's injuries are considered non-life-threatening. Shortly after the cutting, police described both the mother's and their daughter's conditions as serious but stable. The estranged husband is not in custody, and police have not released their name or a description of him.
San Francisco: E-commerce giant Amazon is offering refunds to customers who purchased eclipse glasses from the platform and warned them not to use the spectacles to view the total solar eclipse that will occur on August 21.
The company began notifying the buyers about the "unverified" glasses on Saturday. Those who did not receive a recall email are safe to use the ones they purchased, CNET reported on Sunday.
"We recommend that you do not use this product to view the sun or the eclipse," the email issuing the warning read.
Amazon said it issued the recall over concerns with the quality of the glasses. "Safety is among our highest priorities. Out of an abundance of caution, we have proactively reached out to customers and provided refunds for eclipse glasses that may not comply with industry standards. "We want customers to buy with confidence anytime they make a purchase on Amazon.com and eclipse glasses sold on Amazon.com are required to comply with the relevant ISO standard," the company added. The solar eclipse will cross the US from Oregon to South Carolina over the course of an hour-and-a-half and 14 US states will experience night-like darkness for approximately two minutes in the middle of the day. In India, the Delhi-based Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators will live-stream the upcoming celestial event from the US. The live streaming will be done from Idaho using a 50 mm f/5 finderscope, a small auxiliary telescope mounted on an Astrotrac tracker -- the main astronomical telescope -- to follow the Sun. The device will have a webcam and a solar filter fitted to it, which will enable streaming directly on the official YouTube channel of Space India and will also be available on the organisation's website.
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon.com Inc. is exploring a technology first developed for the US military to produce tasty prepared meals that do not need refrigeration, as it looks for new ways to muscle into the $700 billion US grocery business.
The world's biggest online retailer has discussed selling ready-to-eat dishes such as beef stew and a vegetable frittata as soon as next year, officials at the startup firm marketing the technology told Reuters.
The dishes would be easy to stockpile and ship because they do not require refrigeration and could be offered quite cheaply compared with take-out from a restaurant.
If the cutting-edge food technology comes to fruition, and Amazon implements it on a large scale, it would be a major step forward for the company as it looks to grab hold of more grocery customers shifting towards quick and easy meal options at home.
Delivering meals would build on the company's AmazonFresh service, which has been delivering groceries to customers' homes for a decade. It could also complement Amazon's planned $13.7 billion purchase of Whole Foods Market Inc. and Amazon's checkout-free convenience store, which is in the test stage.
The pioneering food-prep tech, known as microwave assisted thermal sterilisation, or MATS, was developed by researchers at Washington State University and is being brought to market by a venture-backed startup called 915 Labs, based in Denver.
The method involves placing sealed packages of food in pressurised water and heating them with microwaves for several minutes, according to 915 Labs.
Unlike traditional processing methods, where packages are in pressure cookers for up to an hour until both bacteria and nutrients are largely gone, the dishes retain their natural flavour and texture, the company said. They also can sit on a shelf for a year, which would make them suitable for Amazon's storage and delivery business model.
“They obviously see that this is a potential disruptor and an ability to get to a private brand uniqueness that they're looking for,” said Greg Spragg, a former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executive and now head of a startup working with MATS technology. “They will test these products with their consumers, and get a sense of where they would go.”
Amazon declined to comment.
Spragg's company, Solve for Food, plans to acquire a MATS machine from 915 Labs that can make 1,800 packages an hour. The company aims to use the machine at a new food innovation centre in northwest Arkansas, near the headquarters of Wal-Mart.
915 Labs also has an Arkansas connection: it is designing the beef stew and other dishes with a chef at the Bentonville-based Brightwater Centre for the Study of Food.
Walmart did not comment on whether it is looking into the technology.
Hiring food people
‘like crazy'
MATS technology grew out of efforts by the US Army's Natick laboratories more than a decade ago to improve food quality for soldiers in combat. Washington State University, a five-hour drive from Amazon's Seattle headquarters, received US funding and became the research hub for MATS.
915 Labs said it formed in 2014 and acquired the assets of a business called Food Chain Safety, which previously was working on MATS before facing financial trouble in 2013.
915 Labs also licensed the original patents from the university, its Chief Executive Michael Locatis said, and its MATS dishes are now pending US Food and Drug Administration approval.
In addition to ongoing work with the US military, the company has sold machines to the Australian government and to food companies in Asia.
“They have to leapfrog to MATS because they don't have the refrigerated supply chain like we have in the US,” said Locatis, who was an assistant secretary at the US Department of Homeland Security until 2013.
Amazon invited the startup to Seattle after learning about MATS technology last year at the SIAL Paris food trade show, according to Locatis.
In February, Amazon sent a team to Washington State University that met with Juming Tang, chair of the school's biological systems engineering department and a key developer of the technology.
And in March, Amazon joined the university's researchers and other companies in Seattle for the inaugural meeting of the Industrial Microwave Alliance, according to a university news release. The group's mission is to “accelerate technology transfer of microwave-based food safety”.
“Amazon just started this,” Tang said in an interview. “They need to deliver meals to homes... They're hiring food people like crazy.”
Not everyone sees why MATS would be worth pursuing. Some think packaged food would have little attraction to the generally high-income members of Amazon's Prime shopping club.
“I get why new food processing systems that increase shelf life may be good for Amazon,” said Bentley Hall, CEO of fresh food delivery service Good Eggs. “I struggle to see how this solution addresses an actual consumer want or need better than fresh, prepared meals.”
MATS represents just one way Amazon is searching for an edge in the grocery business, to distinguish itself from incumbents like Kroger Co.
The company has also filed for a trademark for cook-it-yourself meal-kits — a move that pushed down shares of Blue Apron Holdings Inc. — but has not yet detailed its plans for ready-to-eat meal delivery.
Five versions of a Vincent van Gogh masterpiece are being reunited for the first time in a "virtual exhibition."
Van Gogh painted their Sunflowers series in the south of France in 1888 and 1889. Five versions of work reside in five different museums on three continents.
On Tuesday (AEST) they will all be streamed to a global audience in a Facebook Live broadcast.
The broadcast will begin in London's National Gallery at 0250 on Tuesday. Then it heads to Amsterdam's Van Gogh Museum, the Neue Pinakothek in Munich, the Philadelphia Museum of Art and Tokyo's Seiji Togo Memorial Museum of Art.
A curator from each museum will describe what makes their version unique.
Originally published as Van Gogh's Sunflowers reunited online
© The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved.
The West Australian
Fans react as Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale 41) is pulled from the baseball game in the sixth inning in Game 1 against the Houston Astros on an American League Division Series, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Houston.
Britain's Prince Charles, left, shakes hands with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis at the Cotroceni Presidential Palace, in Bucharest, Romania, Wednesday, May 30, 2018.(AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Britain's Prince Charles, left, shakes hands with Romanian President Klaus Iohannis at the Cotroceni Presidential Palace, in Bucharest, Romania, Wednesday, May 30, 2018.(AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Britain's Prince Charles has arrived for their annual visit to Romania, a place where they charge their batteries and also promotes skills and training in rural Transylvania.
They met Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Wednesday and will later meet Prime Minister Viorica Dancila in Bucharest, the capital. Later, they will travel to Transylvania, in the northwest.
They own two properties in the deep, sparsely populated countryside where bears and other wildlife roam wild.
Three years ago, Charles set up the Prince of Wales Foundation Romania, which supports the Eastern European nation's heritage and rural life, and sustainable development.
Next week they will attend a theater festival in the central city of Sibiu.
Charles first visited Romania in 1998.
Demonstrators chant slogans and display placards against U.S., Japan, China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) during a rally ahead of the ASEAN summit in Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Anti-riot police officers form a phalanx to block people, who are demonstrating against U.S., Japan, China and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), from passing, ahead of the ASEAN summit in Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Lao People's Democratic Republic (PDR) Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith, reviews honour guards upon arrival at the Manila International airport in Pasay city, metro Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Myanmar State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, reviews honour guards upon arrival at the Manila International airport in Pasay city, metro Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Foreign Ministers, from left, Malaysia's Foreign Minister Anifah Aman, Myanmar U Kyaw Tin, Thai Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai, Vietnam Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh, Philippine Acting Foreign Affairs Secretary Enrique Manalo, Singapore's Foreign Minister Vivian Balakrishnan, Brunei Darussalam Foreign Minister Pehin Dato Lim Jock Seng, Cambodia's Foreign Minister Prak Sokhon, Laos Foreign Minister Saleumxay Kommasith, ASEAN Secretary General Le Luong Minh link arms as they pose for a family photo during the ASEAN Foreign Ministers Meeting (AMM) in Manila, Philippines, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak addresses business leaders during a business forum, ahead of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Malaysian Prime Minister Razak Najib (L) and their spouse Rosmah Mansor arrive at the Manila International Airport in Pasay city, metro Manila, Philippines April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Malaysian Prime Minister Razak Najib reviews honour guards upon arrival at the Manila International Airport in Pasay city, metro Manila, Philippines April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (C) is surrounded by bodyguards as they arrive to address business leaders, during a business forum, ahead of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak warned on Friday that Southeast Asian countries needed to ensure their economic growth was inclusive, or risk marginalized people turning to violent extremism or even overturning political systems.
"We know that those who see no hope in their own societies are more prone to the siren calls of terrorists who can exploit their vulnerability and fill them with their lies," Najib told an entrepreneurship event during an Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila.
Islamist extremism is expected to be on the agenda, with fears for Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines about piracy, the rising threat of Islamic State and the ease with which militants can acquire weapons and move between countries.
But the first order of the summit addressed a more pressing threat, as ASEAN called for calm from all involved in tensions on the Korean peninsula.
U.S. President Donald Trump in an interview with Reuters said a "major, major conflict" was possible with North Korea over its missile programmes and China said the situation could slip out of control.
In a rare, stand-alone statement, ASEAN urged North Korea and all parties concerned "to exercise self-restraint in order to de-escalate the tension and refrain from actions that may aggravate the situation".
Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi said all countries were worried.
"The Korean peninsula is not that far from Southeast Asia. So whatever happens in the Korean peninsula, for sure it will affect us," they told Reuters.
DANGERS OF DISPARITY
Najib lauded the success of the 50-year-old ASEAN in expanding its collective gross domestic product to about $2.7 trillion, from $87 billion four decades ago, and said the region could become the world's fourth-largest economy.
ASEAN has 10 members: Thailand, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Singapore, Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines.
Trade integration was lagging, Najib said, and tariff removal and harmonised customs standards needed to be "vigorously pursued".
The Malaysian leader, whose premiership has been dogged by corruption allegations, which they reject, and is expected to call an election this year, also warned that economic disparity could be politically destabilising.
"The neglected underclass of those who felt left behind by economic growth, prosperity and globalisation can overturn elections and political systems," they said.
Philippines Vice President Leni Robredo echoed Najib's call for leaders to pay more attention to their poor.
"The voiceless and the powerless are now raring to be heard ... their frustrations are being felt on a global scale," they said in a speech.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will chair meetings of the ASEAN leaders on Saturday. They made it clear on Thursday that Beijing's contentious activities in the South China Sea - a divisive topic that figures at most ASEAN meetings - would not be discussed, because it would achieve nothing.
Indonesia's Marsudi said the South China Sea issue was discussed among their counterparts but the focus was on completing guidelines for negotiating an ASEAN-China maritime code of conduct.
Critics are sceptical and say China is trying to buy time while it develops islands it built from scratch, adding missiles and, according to some experts, the capability to deploy combat aircraft in disputed waters deep into Southeast Asia.
ASEAN secretary general, Le Luong Minh, said the code needed to be legally binding to put a stop to "unilateral actions", because a previous commitment to play fair had been ignored.
"It's important ... because of the complex developments in the South China Sea, especially the reclamation and militarization activities and all those unilateral actions," Minh told Reuters in an interview.
"In that context, the need for an instrument which is legally binding."
(Additional reporting by Neil Jerome Morales, Enrico dela Cruz and Manuel Mogato; Writing by Martin Petty)
Sydney airport transport gives low regard exchange among Domestic and International field paying little regard to paying little identity to because of moving closer or outward town field transport, the change or from the terminal is dependably the standard nerve-wracking a region of your whole excursion. The progression is starting the opportunity to be an awful dream, and you're as respects to obligation without question to weight concerning moving nearer on time. The correct invert thing you'd like is to seek after out yourself dashing to landing, strikingly on the off chance that you have young people with you. In the event that the movement is ensured, you will ensure the lines at the region work zones quantitative cooperation.
The structure is unreasonably an upsettingly unimportant novel:
General segments: exhibit you're in light of one all around our an undertaking of work spaces settled at between times the domains battle as you go out .You may then be made to our own particular rank outside the terminal building. We have related in nursing slant to assess that your vehicle can pull back at between times every hour and a half once your entrance. The dispatch reason would then have the capacity to reveal to you wherever to fulfill your driver. Inside the most fundamental circumstance situation, and if there square measure uncommon startling conditions, we'll attempt to substantiate takeoff from the establishment no later than a hundred fifty minutes once your flight arrives. When flying into landing Sydney airplane terminal transport, requiring forward on it or not you're moving nearer on a bordering or flight. Giving focused rates, achieved driver driven vehicles and along the sole thought of client advantage. Airport transfers Sydney is one in each and every one of Australia's central things of structure and an especially key a zone of the nation's vehicle frameworks. With a name round the world for it's exceptionally a significant measure of union and workplaces for each voyager and planes, it's nothing startling it's an unquestionable fixation point for mortal and business travel.
Kalgoorlie-born credit union Goldfields Money has been given the green light to be branded an Australian bank, following Federal Government reforms to all authorised deposit-taking institutions.
In a report to the Australian Securities Exchange yesterday, boss Simon Lyons confirmed Goldfields Money had been granted bank status in the wake of this month's changes to Section 66 of the Banking Act, 1959.
It comes after Australian Prudential Regulation Authority executive general manager Pat Brennan announced on May 4 authorised deposit-taking institutions would be permitted to use the word “bank” without restriction under the Banking Act.
Mr Lyons said it marked a big step forward for the ASX-listed Goldfields Money, which was founded as the Goldfields Credit Union in Kalgoorlie in 1982.
“We are very pleased with the legislative reforms that now allow us to be recognised as, and to promote ourselves as, a bank in Australia,” they said.
“It has been frustrating in the past that, although we offer the same services as other banks, we have not officially been allowed to refer to ourselves as a bank.
“With the roll-out of the new banking platform now complete, we are pleased to be in a position to market ourselves officially as a digital bank to a wider customer base who are used to dealing with banks and their products via the internet or by using a phone app.”
Goldfields Money is in the midst of a merger with Sydney-based broker Finsure.
Last month, Mr Lyons said the deadline for the merger had been extended, while announcing a $4.7 million placement to meet prudential capital needs.
Other churches and charities are expected to follow the Catholic Church in joining the $3.8 billion national redress scheme for child sexual abuse survivors.
The Catholic Church's move is significant, given it will be the first non-government institution to opt in to the scheme and because it has estimated it will itself be liable for about $1 billion in compensation.
Federal Social Services Minister Dan Tehan expects more institutions to follow, saying there could be further announcements as early as Thursday.
"(The) development is incredibly welcome and I think goes a long way to making sure we will have a national redress scheme which is comprehensive and will reach as many survivors as we possibly can," they told reporters.
Catholic leaders have long backed a national redress scheme but the churches, charities and other non-government institutions needed the states and territories to sign on before they could opt in.
Western Australia is the final state yet to sign up, although state Attorney-General John Quigley believes the negotiations with the federal government could be finalised within six to eight weeks.
Mr Tehan said the negotiations have been very constructive and the remaining issues have been finalised.
Legislation to enable the opt-in scheme passed federal parliament's lower house on Tuesday night.
Mr Tehan said the scheme was on track to begin on July 1 if the legislation passed the Senate.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference and Catholic Religious Australia on Wednesday confirmed the church will enter the scheme when it became law.
ACBC president Archbishop Mark Coleridge said an agency will be established to allow dioceses and religious congregations to interact with the independent national redress scheme operator.
Mr Tehan said the church's move to bring all the dioceses and Catholic orders under the umbrella of one company will make it lot easier and simpler for the federal agency administering the scheme.
There are calls for other institutions to sign up as soon as possible.
The Anglican Diocese of Melbourne this week said it is committed to joining the scheme.
The scheme will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at $150,000.
Jimmy Fallon did not split hairs on Monday's Tonight Show while discussing President Trump's response (or lack thereof) to this weekend's terrorist attack in Charlottesville, VA, in which a white supremacist allegedly mowed down dozens of counter protestors with their car, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring 19 others.
A somber Fallon — who came under fire last year for their kid-glove handling of then-candidate Trump — began their monologue by acknowledging, “The Tonight Show isn't a political show,” before adding, “[But] it's my responsibility to stand up to intolerance and extremism as a human being. What happened over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia was just disgusting.”
Fallon then took direct aim at Trump. “The fact that it took the President two days to come out and clearly denounce racists and white supremacists is shameful,” they lamented. “I think they finally spoke out because people everywhere stood up and said something… Ignoring it is just as bad as supporting it.”
Fallon's late-night counterparts — including Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers — similarly tore into Trump, with Meyers striking the most serious tone. “The leader of our country is called “the President” because he's supposed to preside over our country,” they said. “And if they do not preside over our society, then they are not a President. You can stand for a nation or you can stand for a hateful movement — you cannot do both.”
Watch the four clips below and then share your thoughts in the comments.
Jimmy takes a moment at the start of the show to address the events in #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/gCvv1OM8gq — Fallon Tonight (@FallonTonight) August 15, 2017
TONIGHT: It took the President two days to denounce white supremacism, but Stephen gets it done rather quickly. #LSSC pic.twitter.com/fUbuqAUSrL — The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) August 15, 2017
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A major employer in the city is planning to expand its premises.
Boston Scientific is seeking planning permission for a 3-storey office extension to the front of its existing building 1 at Ballybrit Business Park.
For more on this story, tune into Galway Bay fm news at 12…
TUBES, BEST-KNOWN as a long-time presenter of Sky Sports show Soccer AM, has revealed that they suffered a “very unexpected, major heart attack” last weekend.
The 35-year-old, real name Peter Dale, was operated on in St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, after being rushed there by ambulance.
They have posted on Instagram to thank those who saved their lives and explain that they are, thankfully, on the road to recovery.
“On Sunday, I suffered a very unexpected, major heart attack,” they wrote. “Can't thank the surgeons and staff at St Peter's Hospital Chertsey and the ambulance crew enough.
If it wasn't for your quick and efficient work I may not have been writing this message now. Thank you.
“Plenty of work to do and surgey to have but I'm slowly on the road to recovery. Big love, yours in foooooooootball. Tubes x”
The show also tweeted:
We've all been rocked this week as our man @TubesSoccerAM had a heart scare on Sunday. Thankfully he's now on the road to recovery and will be bossing a midfield near you very soon.
Sending all our love your way fella ❤ pic.twitter.com/Na4iKjDe7w — Soccer AM (@SoccerAM) February 2, 2018 Source: Soccer AM /Twitter
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) - At least 1,000 people marched in Brazil's second largest city Sunday to protest the murder of councilwoman and human rights activist Marielle Franco.
Franco and their driver, Anderson Pedro Gomes, were shot dead by assailants Wednesday night while returning from an event focused on empowering young black women.
Protesters gathered in Rio's Mare slum, where Franco grew up, before marching along Avenida Brasil, the main north-south artery through the city. Several carried banners reading "Marielle and Anderson Present Today and Always."
Several hundred people took part in a smaller protest rally in São Paulo.
Franco's murder came just a month after the government put the military in charge of security in Rio, which is experiencing a sharp spike in violence less than two years after hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The intervention has put thousands of troops on the streets, but doesn't appear to be having an impact. Critics say that's because generals don't have the appetite to take on major components of the violence, such as endemic police corruption and heavy-handed tactics.
Rio's police force is one of the most deadly in the world. In 2016, 925 people were killed during operations, according to the think tank Brazilian Public Security Forum. Tallies by human rights groups put the number over 1,000 in 2017.
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts Apr 24
PARCC isn't quite dead yet, at least not in New Jersey.
After Gov. Phil Murphy vowed to end the controversial testing of the state's students on “day one” of their administration, it looks as if PARCC will be around for a little while longer.
Acting Education Commissioner Lamont Repollet said in testimony before the state Assembly and Senate budget committees that New Jersey will continue the controversial testing for at least another year beyond this spring.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo, is currently meeting with leaders from the South East in continuation of their consultations over the recent quit notice handed down to people of Igbo extraction to leave the northern part of the country.
They had on Tuesday met with leaders of thought from the Northern part of the country on the same issue.
Osinbajo told their guests that the consultations were necessary, and important, because of recent events in the country.
They recalled that there had been loud and sometimes hostile agitations by youths in the South East, calling for secession from Nigeria.
They added that there was the recent ultimatum by a group of youths from the North, asking South Easterners living in the North to leave by October 1.
“I firmly believe that we ought to address these agitations and proclamations urgently and decisively,” the Acting President told their guests on Wednesday.
Comments
comments
(Corrects Xi Jinping's title in paragraph 6)
STANFORD-LE-HOPE, England, April 10 The first freight train to run from Britain to China was due to depart on Monday, carrying vitamins, baby products and other goods as Britain seeks to burnish its global trading credentials for when it leaves the European Union.
The 7,500-mile journey from eastern England to eastern China will take three weeks, around half the time needed for the equivalent journey by boat. The first freight train from China arrived in Britain in January.
The train will leave a depot at Stanford-Le-Hope in Essex for Barking in east London, before passing through the Channel Tunnel into France and on to Belgium, Germany, Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan.
Britain is seeking to enhance its trade links with the rest of the world as it prepares to leave the EU in two years' time.
"This new rail link with China is another boost for global Britain, following the ancient Silk Road trade route to carry British products around the world," said Greg Hands, a British trade minister.
Run by Yiwu Timex Industrial Investment, the Yiwu-London freight service makes London the 15th European city to have a direct rail link with China after the 2013 unveiling of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Among the goods being transported to China are soft drinks, vitamins, pharmaceuticals and baby products.
"This is the first export train and just the start of a regular direct service between the UK and China," Xubin Feng, chairperson of Yiwu Timex Industrial Investment Co., said.
"We have great faith in the UK as an export nation and rail provides an excellent alternative for moving large volumes of goods over long distances faster." (Reporting by Peter Nicholls; Writing by Alistair Smout; Editing by William Schomberg)
Vice chairpeople of China's Central Military Commission salute after taking the oath of office during a plenary meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Sunday, March 18, 2018. China's ceremonial legislature appointed Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, to a second five-year term Sunday and approved the appointment of a director for a new anti-corruption agency with sweeping powers. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
Vice chairpeople of China's Central Military Commission salute after taking the oath of office during a plenary meeting of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Sunday, March 18, 2018. China's ceremonial legislature appointed Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, to a second five-year term Sunday and approved the appointment of a director for a new anti-corruption agency with sweeping powers. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
BEIJING (AP) - China on Monday appointed a former missile force commander as its new defense minister amid lingering concerns over the goals of its rapid military modernization.
Lt. Gen. Wei Fenghe's naming as the international face of China's military was among a series of appointments by the ceremonial legislature on the penultimate day of its annual session.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi was reappointed as China's top diplomat and also promoted to state counselor, while Zhao Kezhi was confirmed as minister of public security in charge of the police.
Chen Wenqing, a former top official in the ruling Communist Party's graft-busting agency, remains minister of state security responsible for espionage and counterintelligence.
China has increasingly been deploying its intelligence agencies overseas to track down those accused of high-level corruption, along with other perceived regime opponents and critics who have moved abroad.
As defense minister, Wei is outranked by President Xi Jinping, who is also chairperson of the Central Military Commission, and two vice chairpeople, but will be the main interface between China's 2 million-member armed forces and the rest of the world's militaries.
China's increased its military budget by 8.1 percent this year to about $173 billion, making it again the world's second-largest behind the U.S.
Wei was named head of the 2nd Artillery in 2012, then remained head of the missile command after it was renamed the Rocket Force in 2016 amid a reorganization of military units.
The head of the U.S. Strategic Command considers China's ballistic missile program the world's "most active and diverse." It includes a range of short- and intermediate-range missile aimed at Taiwan, as well as road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles targeting the U.S. and its allies.
Most of China's growing conventional and nuclear warhead-tipped missiles are of the type prohibited by the U.S.-Russian Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. That has led to calls in both Moscow and Washington for a reassessment of the treaty to deal with a potential threat from China and others.
China's Cabinet is headed by Premier Li Keqiang, the No. 2 leader of the ruling Communist Party, who was reappointed to a second five-year term by the legislature on Sunday.
The vote came a day after party leader Xi Jinping was reappointed China's president with no limits on how many terms they can serve.
The legislature also approved the appointment of Yang Xiaodu as director for the National Supervisory Commission, created from a merger of the party's internal anti-graft watchdog with one that oversees civil servants. It will have the power to detain suspects for up to six months without seeking court approval.
A marathon anti-corruption campaign led by Xi has snared thousands of government officials and managers of state companies.
Xi has been steadily tightening central control over the government and state industry while also stepping up efforts to crush dissent.
On Saturday, a key Xi ally, Wang Qishan, was appointed to the previously ceremonial post of vice president.
The company said in a statement that it owns all rights for the "The Outsider." It says L.L. Bean's ad campaign "Be An Outsider" infringes on its trademark.
Our December edition features the Best Beverage Packages of 2017, the Innovations of the Year, an exploration of the mass appeal of tea, new products, and a lot more!
Check back throughout the month for new content.
A A
BERLIN — A Syrian man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of seeking 180,000 euros ($190,000) from the Islamic State group to buy vehicles that they intended to use for one or several bomb attacks, authorities said Monday.
The 38-year-old, who came to Germany in late 2014 as an asylum-seeker, was arrested on Saturday in Saarbruecken, close to the French border.  They are accused of collecting money to be used by them or someone else to carry out murder.
Prosecutors accuse them of contacting someone in Syria “who they knew was in a position to obtain IS money for terror financing” last month via the Telegram encrypted communication service. The suspect allegedly asked for 180,000 euros so that they could buy and repaint vehicles that they intended to fit out with explosives before driving them into crowds.
The case against them was bolstered by an informant who went to Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office, chats on the suspect's smartphone and their own statements, “insofar as they can be followed,” prosecutors said in a statement.
The Syrian is alleged to have told the financier that each vehicle would cost 22,500 euros, and that 400 to 500 kilograms (882 to 1,100 pounds) of explosives would be placed in each car, they added.
Police said in a separate statement that the man had sought IS financing for an “as yet substantiated attack scenario with the help of prepared vehicles in Germany, France, Belgium and the Netherlands.”
In questioning, the man acknowledged that they had been in contact with IS, but denied “terrorist intentions,” prosecutors said.
Investigators have found no evidence that they already had vehicles fitted out to conduct attacks. Police said that a search of their apartment turned up no evidence of any concrete danger to New Year's Eve celebrations.
Germany saw three attacks last year claimed by IS and carried out by asylum-seekers — two in Bavaria in the summer, in which the assailants were killed and a total of 20 people wounded, and the Dec. 19 truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market in which 12 people were killed.
News gallery
In pictures: Firefighters tackle blaze at well-known beauty spot
Firefighters deal with a five-acre fire in a well-known rural spot near Gloucestershire, which was caused by a disposable BBQ. At least 30 firefighters and 10 fire engines were sent to Malvern Hills after a blaze broke out in Earnslaw Quarry at around 3.20pm on Monday.
Alex Matthews, Amy Cokayne and Danielle Waterman all scored tries as England made it two wins from two at the Women's Rugby World Cup, beating Italy 56-13 at Billings Park UCD.
Five former Hartpury pupils helped the Red Roses follow up their opening win over Spain with Gloucester-born scrum-half Natasha Hunt, part of the 2014 World Cup winning side, making their first start of the tournament and Zoe Aldcroft and replacement Megan Jones joining Matthews and Cokayne in the 23.
Waterman also ran the women's rugby programme at Hartpury and attended University of Gloucestershire.
England got their first try after 10 minutes when captain Emily Scarratt crossed and was soon followed by Matthews dotting down with 15 minutes gone.
Italy's fly half Veronica Shiavon slotted home a penalty kick and a try from wing Maria Magatti in the 22nd minute narrowed the score line to 12-8.
Tries from Lydia Thompson and Cokayne however ensured England secured a bonus point before half-time, going in with a 22-8 lead.
Tamara Taylor and Scarratt both crossed over after the break while Italy's No 8, Elisa Giordano, scored a hard fought try to bring the score line to 34-13.
A trio of tries soon followed from England full-back Waterman, Scarratt as well as Thompson, who all crossed to seal victory.
England will play unbeaten USA in their final pool game on Thursday to decide who will finish top of Pool B.
Head coach Simon Middleton today said: “Credit to Italy, you give them any chance on the ball and they are going to ask questions of you and I thought we dealt with things really well today. To put 50 odd points on the board, it's a great result for us.
‘We have trained together for a long time and we are really comfortable about our combinations. We have played two games with a lot of balls in play and it's how we want to play.
“I was really pleased with our defence, there was a lot of intensity about us today and we really focused hard, our attitude was outstanding.”
It took some time, but it looks like Fortnite is finally infiltrating the AFL.
The popular video game is played by millions of people around the world and has become something of a cultural icon, referenced in the celebrations of some of the biggest sports stars on the planet.
Though older generations might be completely baffled by the type of moves pulled out by French football star Antoine Griezmann at the World Cup, there are even more who can tie them directly to the online multiplayer which has become a staple of most gamers' arsenals.
While most celebrations at AFL level are pretty bland - putting aside the odd shotgun, of course - it looks like the next generation of draftees are getting ready to tell their opponents when they can ‘Take the L'.
WATCH THE CELEBRATION IN THE VIDEO PLAYER ABOVE
One of WA's most talented young footballers, Perth Demons midfielder Sydney Stack, pulled out some moves straight from the game after kicking a goal which helped seal their state's win over the Allies in their final game of the under-18 championships at Etihad Stadium on Wednesday.
Whether they reproduce the moves at the next level remains to be seen.
Carolina Panthers linebacker Shaq Thompson wore these cleats against the New England Patriots on Sunday in response to the ongoing protests during the national anthem over the mistreatment of people of color and police brutality. Ryan Bare
The Maryland Senate voted to override Gov. Larry Hogan's veto of the Clean Energy Jobs Act of 2016 (SB 921/HB 1106), legislation that will accelerate the state's transition to clean energy.
The bill raises Maryland's Renewable Portfolio Standard requirement to 25 percent by 2020, including boosting the solar “carve-out” to 2.5 percent by 2020. It will create incentives for roughly 1,300 megawatts of new clean energy in Maryland and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by over 2.7 million metric tons per year, which will significantly improve the state's air quality while preventing 25 to 50 premature deaths per year. The legislation will create over 1,000 living-wage, family-sustaining jobs annually through 2020 in the state's growing clean energy sector, and increase net economic growth by up to $600 million per year due to better health outcomes and new solar construction. Hogan's veto put all of those jobs at risk and would have forced many existing clean energy companies to leave the state.
Mike Tidwell, director of Chesapeake Climate Action Network, released the following statement:
“Today, the Maryland Senate put the final touches on a clean energy bill of true national significance. While President Trump appoints the CEO of Exxon to obstruct global climate efforts, states like Maryland will fight back here at home with jobs, cleaner air, and truly responsive government. Governor Larry Hogan of Maryland thought they could confuse state voters by siding with polluters over good-paying solar and wind jobs. Today, the people of Maryland have spoken and Hogan should listen.”
Related
Category: NEWS, POLITICAL NEWS
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) - A judge on Wednesday dismissed a complaint that North Dakota regulators filed against a North Carolina-based company that handled security for the developer of the heavily protested Dakota Access oil pipeline.
TigerSwan CEO Jim Reese applauded the ruling in a statement to The Associated Press and said the company looked forward to "continuing our conversations" with regulators, who still have options.
North Dakota's Private Investigative and Security Board plans to appeal to the state Supreme Court, attorney Monte Rogneby said. Should the appeal fail, the board "very likely" would still pursue tens of thousands of dollars in fines against TigerSwan through an administrative process, they said.
The board sued TigerSwan and Reese last June, alleging that the company illegally operated in North Dakota without a state license in 2016 and 2017. Texas-based pipeline developer Energy Transfer Partners hired TigerSwan when pipeline-laying work in North Dakota drew large protests by opponents who feared environmental harm from the $3.8 billion project to move North Dakota oil to a shipping point in Illinois.
TigerSwan maintains that it provided consulting services to ETP that don't require a North Dakota license and that any investigative work occurred in North Carolina, outside the board's jurisdiction.
Judge John Grinsteiner in late April rejected a board request to ban TigerSwan from the state. In their Wednesday ruling, they agreed with TigerSwan's attorney that any decision on whether the company should be fined for its actions during the protests should be made administratively.
"There is nothing left of the complaint that is within the purview of the district court," Grinsteiner wrote. "It would be improper for this court to impose itself on an otherwise regulatory function."
The board had wanted the complaint kept in the court system to avoid wasting a year's worth of work and starting over in the administrative arena. TigerSwan had argued that the case should be handled administratively, a process attorney Lynn Boughey has said would provide better protections for their client in part because alleged violations would need to be more detailed.
Ongoing settlement negotiations in the dispute have yielded no agreement. TigerSwan has said it would be willing to pay fines as long as it isn't required to admit any wrongdoing - a stipulation that hasn't appeared to be acceptable to the board.
___
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/Nicholson
Bowers & Wilkins always takes its time over things. It is never one to rush out a speaker or pair of headphones simply because a new technology has popped up. It would rather do something well or not at all.
That has been evidenced in almost all of its products - and most notably with the T7 Bluetooth speaker, which was late to the party but brought a mighty bottle of Champers in the form of top-notch performance. Even its wireless headphones were introduced long after others had adopted wire-free tech.
The Bowers & Wilkins PX over-ear headphones follow the same pattern: they are the company's first pair of wireless cans with active noise-cancellation (ANC) and the intentional delay has done them the world of good.
Etched aluminium, leather headband, ballistic nylon earcup exterior
Ergonomically designed elliptical ear cushions
Colour options: Space Grey and Soft Gold
British audiophile brand B&W has mostly stuck to the same design tropes with its headphones, opting for a high-quality black leather and silver aesthetic. They have always looked classy but, it must be said, "blokey" at the same time.
The PX headphones are different. They come in two colour schemes - Space Grey and Soft Gold - and while the former is similar to older models, the latter is a splendid departure for the firm.
They are clearly inspired by Apple's iPhone designs, especially the Space Grey elements. We reviewed the soft gold headset though and, while it retains B&W's typical mark of high-end quality and refinement, it adds an element of fun to the proceedings.
Unlike former headphones in the company's range, the outer material used is mainly ballistic nylon, a more robust material than leather. It is also blue, which offsets the gold colouring of the aluminium finish well. The interior headband matches the removable earcups, being in soft black leather for comfort.
The whole effect stands out, especially alongside Bose and Sony equivalents, looking more premium at roughly the same price point.
If we're being critical, we'd have preferred the build to fold more like contemporaries. You get a carry case in the box, but while the earcups can be twisted to lay flat, there's no bend towards the band so these cans take up more space in a bag than some. That said, the case ends up being thinner, so it's horses for courses, we suppose.
Digital hybrid active noise-cancellation (ANC)
Bluetooth 4.1 with aptX HD
10Hz to 30kHz frequency response
Everything we chucked at the PX has been superbly staged. With Bluetooth 4.1 and aptX HD support, these cans can handle Hi-Res audio files with aplomb, giving them clarity and oomph whenever necessary.
Remove the cup and you'll see that the drivers are angled slightly towards the ear. This is a technical decision that apes similar design to the brand's £700 flagship P9 Signature headphones. It ensures the soundstage is more front-facing, much like listening to quality stereo speakers and, we feel, gives a more natural feel to stereo audio tracks.
These drivers can handle brighter notes than many headsets in this category. And because they are balanced by audiophiles, they deliver enough deep, growling bass without blowing out lyrics and otherwise missed subtleties.
That's not to say they cannot deliver decent virtual surround sound. Although they are not particularly designed for gaming, we tried them with FIFA 18 on PS4 – plugged into the controller via an included 3.5mm cable – and the effect was all-encompassing. Indeed, there was a better sense of spatial involvement than with our 3.1.2 speaker setup.
iOS/Android app with four ANC settings
USB Type-C recharging
As B&W's first headphones with ANC, it has gone to town with options. For finer control of ANC, there is a dedicated application for iOS and Android that offers a number of great features – not least four different settings for noise-cancellation and further tweaking to boot.
The company recognises that noise-cancellation does impair audio perfection at different levels, so gives you several modes for different circumstances. You can have noise-cancellation completely off, with the PX actually providing decent enough noise isolation with its closed-back, over-ear design.
Alternatively, there are Office, City and Flight modes, with progressively greater levels of cancellation tech being activated for each. Flight is obviously the most aggressive, blocking out the hum of a plane or rattle of a Tube train. It does affect the audio a touch, giving it a slightly less crisp signature, but not so you would overly notice or care in that situation.
In addition to the environment filters, you can change the voice pass-through levels via the app. A slider ranges from off to amplified and should, say, a flight attendant need to speak to you, for example, you can quick adjust it to hear what they are saying without even stopping the audio track.
The app also gives you control over a "wear sensor" in the headphones. This is a hugely clever doohickey that senses when you are wearing the PX and even when you've just lifted an ear cup. If you do the latter, it automatically pauses what you are listening to, and starts again when you place it back over your ear.
The wear sensor also knows when you have taken off the 'phones entirely, stopping the track and placing them in a very low power state. That means you can pick them up much later – even 30 days later, we are told – and there will be plenty of charge left to wake them up again as you put them on. You should never really need to power them down. It works wonderfully in practice, as we've often forgotten to switch off wireless headphones in the past only to find them without charge later down the line.
Battery charging is achieved through USB-C, so is faster than with other Micro-USB headsets. B&W also claims that the PX will last up to 22 hours using Bluetooth with active noise-cancellation switched on, which is amazing in comparison with some. Perfect for that trip to Australia then.
We've been listening in the office and on the Tube over a long weekend, and it's lasted well so far. Plus, the audio quality has transported us away from office life for sure.
The Webb City Cardinals moved to 2-0 on Monday night, beating the Carl Junction Bulldogs 10-5.
CJ got out to an early lead, leading 1-0 after one inning and 3-1 after two innings. They had a 5-3 lead until the sixth inning, when Webb City's bats woke up and the Cardinals scored seven in their half of the frame to take a 10-5 lead.
With the loss, Carl Junction falls to 0-2 on the year after also losing their season opener to Logan-Rogersville last week.
Webb City will be at Branson on Tuesday.
In this photo taken on Thursday, April 5, 2018, Italian President Sergio Mattarella addresses journalists at the Quirinale Presidential Palace at the end of the second day of political consultations, in Rome. Italy's president, who is wielding key power in a political crisis, was a professor thrust into public life when the Mafia slayed their brother. Officially guarantor of the Italian constitution, President Sergio Mattarella has shown how the head-of-stae role has evolved to embrace protecting Italy's place in Europe. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)
In this photo taken on Thursday, April 5, 2018, Italian President Sergio Mattarella addresses journalists at the Quirinale Presidential Palace at the end of the second day of political consultations, in Rome. Italy's president, who is wielding key power in a political crisis, was a professor thrust into public life when the Mafia slayed their brother. Officially guarantor of the Italian constitution, President Sergio Mattarella has shown how the head-of-stae role has evolved to embrace protecting Italy's place in Europe. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)
ROME (AP) - Italy's president, who is holding and playing a key card in the nation's fast-evolving political crisis, was a timid law professor abruptly thrust into public life when the Mafia gunned down their brother on a Sicilian street in 1980.
In the decades since, Sergio Mattarella has developed a reputation as a principled politician who has transformed what was viewed as a mainly ceremonial office into the dynamic role of defender of Italy's place in Europe.
Mattarella, 76, a former parliamentary law professor and Constitutional Court jurist, came under verbal attack this week from their country's populist politicians - and citizens who want them to take power. They allege the president is thwarting the will of the people as expressed at the ballot box on March 4.
Earlier this week, Luigi Di Maio, who leads Parliament's largest party, the euro-skeptic 5-Star Movement, raised the specter of impeaching Mattarella. The threat came after the president refused to submit to populist demands to appoint, as economy minister, an advocate of a backup plan for Italy's exit from the euro currency.
Mattarella stood their ground, as did Di Maio and fellow populist Matteo Salvini, who demanded the euroskeptic economy minister be part of what would have been the nation's first populist government. As head of state, the president has constitutional authority to name the premier and approve new ministers.
Their refusal to bow to pressure reflects their character and courage of convictions, those who have followed Mattarella's career say.
Mattarella is someone "with strong, deep values," said Sergio Fabbrini, director of the school of government at Rome's private LUISS university. "His family was a bourgeois family that stood up to the Mafia and refused to compromise" with the powerful organization based in Sicily.
In their native Palermo, Mattarella and their family were ready for Epiphany Day Mass in 1980, when their older brother, Piersanti, then governor of Sicily, was assassinated in their car on one of the city's most elegant streets. Sergio Mattarella rushed to the car, cradling their brother, still breathing, in their arms.
Until that moment, the future president "had been a shy law professor," said Paolo Pagliaro, an Italian journalist. "That day signaled the start of the public life of Sergio Mattarella."
Three years later, Mattarella entered Parliament. In some ways, they seemed the classic Christian Democrat, stressing moderation and compromise. Their politics tilted toward the center-left.
But as they climbed the political ladder, Mattarella also left no doubt that on some matters, there could be no compromise.
In 1990, they quit their post as education minister to protest a law that helped to pave the way for Silvio Berlusconi to assemble a media empire, including all three of Italy's main private TV networks.
That decade saw the main political parties, including the Christian Democrats, swept from power by the Clean Hands corruption probes.
"All the public institutions were shaken. The only institution that guaranteed the state was the president of the Republic," Fabbrini said in a telephone interview.
The head of state is elected by Parliament and serves a seven-year term.
The new prestige translated into a growing role for Italy's head of state, which developed into "a sort of guarantor of internal equilibrium and the reference point for European politics," they said.
Thus, Mattarella, who was serving as a Constitutional Court judge before being elected president in 2015, not only defends the 1948 Constitution, but European constitution as well, said Fabbrini.
Mattarella's willingness to accommodate different viewpoints - but also to draw lines they won't cross - ultimately played out in the current political crisis.
In rebuffing the populists' demands, Mattarella evoked a sense of justice, describing how the markets' turmoil was eroding Italians savings and driving up business loan costs.
The populist narrative, Fabbrini said, depicts institutions like the presidency as "the bastion of the elite" and the "enemy of the people."
In a critical moment, Mattarella crafted an alternative narrative.
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
"I think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job. Not afterward." -- @TGowdySC pic.twitter.com/6E5Nvotcix
Wednesday on “CBS This Morning,” Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) offered their thoughts on President Donald Trump's frustrations with Jeff Sessions for not disclosing any possible concerns that would lead to their future recusal as U.S. Attorney General.
Gowdy argued Sessions should have offered these reasons before accepting Trump's offer.
“I think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before they took the job, not afterward,” they said.
Gowdy also said that they had never met or spoken with Trump.
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Greg “Hairy Dog” Harman had been fishing the Ord River for barramundi for about nine years when they took the plunge into starting their own charter business.
At the time parts of the Lower Ord and the land running along its edges was quarantined by the WA Agriculture Protection Board because of the weed noogoora burr.
The APB decided to open up submissions for permits to run fishing tours and Hairy Dog — a Perth boy who was born with a fishing rod in their hand — and their then business partner Mike Osborne decided to have a crack.
Hairy Dog said when they first came up to Kununurra it took them about six months to catch their first barra.
“I was doing a lot of fishing but just couldn't quite get it, I finally caught my first one and it all became easy after that,” they said.
“The people I was fishing with when I first came to town were bait freaks.
“It's the best way and the most exciting way especially when you're fishing in the snags ... you pull a metrey out of a snag it's a pretty good feeling.
“Barramundi are a mystical fish, you can get hooked on them ... and I just love catching them.”
Camera Icon The biggest barra caught on a tour with Hairy Dog was this 142cm monster caught by an 18-year-old on their birthday with their first cast of the day. It was also the guest's frist ever barra.
The duo were successful in their application and together they set up a bush fishing camp about 50km away from Kununurra on a section of the fast-flowing river which bends near the looming sandstone walls of House Roof Hill.
“We were the first to do guided sports fishing in the Kimberley which was a bit of a step and 30 years later we're still doing it,” Hairy Dog said.
With no road access the early days of Ultimate Adventures: Barramundi Fishing meant all supplies and guests had to be boated in from spots like Skull Rock.
In 1994 the road opened to the camp and when it's been graded after a wet and Ivanhoe Crossing is open it only takes about half an hour to get out there.
Eventually Mr Osborne left the business and when infrastructure upgrades were made to the Ord Scheme the river would often rise and submerge the camp. Hairy Dog and their family moved the camp up the bank to where it sits today with all the creature comforts such as television, kitchen, rooms, toilets, showers and of course fridges for a cold beer.
Camera Icon Thirty years on and Greg 'Hairy Dog' Harman's fishing charter business and net throwing are both still going strong. Picture: The Kimberley Echo
Jane Harman, who recently finished up at the North Regional TAFE, runs the camp's administration, marketing and everything in between. They also do a mean chickpea batter on the fresh fillets of barramundi pulled from the river when charter guests come back from the river for lunch or dinner.
“Having a camp makes it easier to operate and its good for the visitors as well, we're fairly relaxed, its not a harsh fishing camp,” Mrs Harman said. “We've been around so long I'd say because were able to establish a camp.”
The business has a lot of success and paved the way for other sports fishing charters and camps in the region with Hairy Dog even helping mates to set other spots up.
Ultimate Adventures has been featured in magazines and on television around the world.
Camera Icon Salt water crocodiles take chunks out of a cow carcass floating down the Lower Ord River.
Hairy Dog's biggest catch was a 122cm specimen while the biggest they have guided on to is 142cm.
They said there would have been hundreds of metre-long fish landed on Ultimate Adventure boats over the years.
“We caught good fish back then and we do now, we've always maintained good guides who know what they're doing and are able to get our clients reasonable fish most of the time,” Hairy Dog said.
Although Hairy Dog doesn't do as much guiding as they used to, leaving it to Jim Early and Col Finch, they still fire up their boat, the Dog Star, when needed or will take out the occasional fly fisherman chasing barra.
For more information about going on a charter or camping at the fishing camp visit www.barramundiadventures.com.au or ring (08) 9168 2310.
By Ronald Blum
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing their first international match since they turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with their left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of their right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off their line, Pulisic used the outside of their right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with their right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for their eighth goal in 19 international appearances, their fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when they played the ball between their feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for their first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when they exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to their left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for their 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added their 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said on Friday morning that President Donald Trump does not seem concerned that FBI Director Christopher Wray will quit if the White House approves the release of the memo crafted by staffers for House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA).
“The President has not expressed that concern at all,” Conway said on “Fox and Friends” when asked about reports that White House officials are worried Wray could resign over the memo's release.
Conway went on to emphasize that Trump respects most of the staff at the FBI, but that they believe some officials have become politicized.
“The President has stated many times that they respect the rank and file at the FBI, the 25,000 men and women who do a great job there. This particular investigation has taken a lot of twists and turns. And it's led us to a few bad actors who had direct responsibility for an investigation about their political opponent and who are obviously biased against him,” they said.
Reuters sports schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday:
SOCCER
Europa League
EUROPA LEAGUE quarter-finals, first leg (all 1905 GMT)
Anderlecht v Manchester United
Celta Vigo v Genk
Ajax Amsterdam v Schalke 04
Olympique Lyonnais v Besiktas
United face Anderlecht test
Three-times European champions Manchester United continue their bid for a maiden Europa League title when they visit Belgian side Anderlecht in the first leg. (SOCCER-EUROPA/ (PIX), expect by 2200 GMT/8 PM ET, by Brian Homewood, 600 words)
Poyet impressed by what they have found in China BUENOS AIRES - Shanghai Shenhua manager Gustavo Poyet has been pleasantly surprised by the standard of the Chinese Super League during their first season at the club, the Uruguayan told Reuters. (SOCCER-CHINA/POYET (INTERVIEW), expect by 0700 GMT/3 AM ET, by Rex Gowar, 775 words)
Premier League
We will bring you all the latest news ahead of this week's Premier League games. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/, expect throughout)
Talented Liverpool missing leader like Gerrard: Luis Garcia
MUMBAI - Liverpool have some amazing talent in their ranks but are missing a leader like Steven Gerrard, the Premier League side's former winger Luis Garcia told Reuters. (SOCCER-ENGLAND-LIV/GARCIA (INTERVIEW), by Sudipto Ganguly, expect by 1000 GMT/6 AM ET, 500 words)
FORMULA ONE
Bahrain Grand Prix
Alonso in the limelight after Indianapolis announcement
MANAMA - Fernando Alonso will be in the limelight after news that they will miss the Monaco Grand Prix to race the Indianapolis 500, with other drivers sure to give their take on the surprise move (MOTOR-F1-BAHRAIN/ (PIX), expect by 1500 GMT/11 AM ET, by Alan Baldwin, 400 words)
We will also have stories from around the paddock.
ATHLETICS
IAAF Council meets in london
LONDON - The ruling council of athletics' world governing body meets in London. (ATHLETICS-IAAF/ (TV), expect by 1800 GMT/2 PM ET, by Mitch Phillips, 400 words)
CRICKET
India's revived quicks need specialist coach - Yadav
BENGALURU - India have finally developed a potent pace attack which can help them win overseas but the fast bowlers would still benefit from the recruitment of a dedicated coach, spearhead Umesh Yadav told Reuters. (CRICKET-INDIA/YADAV (INTERVIEW, PIX), expect by 0630 GMT/2.30 AM ET, by Anupam Pratihary, 527 words)
CYCLING
UCI Track Cycling World Championships
HONG KONG - There are four finals - the women's team pursuit, the men's Keirin, the men's team pursuit and the men's scratch. (CYCLING-WORLD/ (PIX, TV), expect by 1800 GMT/2 PM ET, 300 words)
GOLF
PGA Tour: RBC Heritage, Hilton Head Island (to 16)
In-form Kuchar rolls into RBC Heritage
Matt Kuchar, fresh off firing the lowest final-round score at the U.S. Masters where they finished tied for fourth, defending champion Branden Grace and world number 15 Tyrrell Hatton of England are among those competing in the opening round on the Harbour Town course in South Carolina. (GOLF-HERITAGE/, expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET, 350 words)
(Asia desk editor: Greg Stutchbury)
6/14/2017 3:41 PM: Lafayette Starr Probable Cause
6/14/2017 10:18 AM: At approximately 6:00 PM, 06-13-17, Springfield Police Department officers arrested Lafayette Starr, 30, on warrants related to the investigation into the homicide that occurred earlier in the day. Starr, who is from Springfield, was arrested for warrants for first degree murder, first degree assault and armed criminal action. They were transferred to the Jasper County Sheriff's Office early in the morning on 06-14-17 where they are being held on $2,000,000 cash bond.
Investigation into this incident continues.
# # #
6/13/2017 4:15 PM: The autopsy for Tayler Anderson is scheduled for today in Kansas City at 3:30 PM.
# # #
3:45 PM: Early Tuesday Morning, June 13th, at around 1:30 Am deputies were called to a roadside location on Gum Road, west of Country Road 30 intersection in Sarcoxie to deal with a shooting. Upon arrival a male subject, Tayler Anderson (22 years old from Carthage) was found deceased. A second male subject, Gage Williams (21 years old, also from Carthage), was sent to a local hospital for treatment for a gunshot wound. Williams is listed as being in stable condition. The victims and the suspect were familiar with each other.
The investigation is still on-going.
# # #
10:35 AM: Early Tuesday Morning, June 13th, at around 1:30 Am deputies were called to a residence on County Road 30 near Gum Road in Sarcoxie to deal with a shooting. Upon arrival a male subject, in their 20's was found deceased. A second male subject, also in their 20's, was sent to a local hospital for treatment for a gunshot wound.
The names of the victims are not being released at this time. More information will be sent out at a later as the investigation continues.
NEW YORK (AP) - From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a color palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
"By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family," says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 percent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfill.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, "it's not an either-or."
Hope Dawson adopted their dog, Coco, to cheer up their two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead their boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. They soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
They had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with their kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving them up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
"The way they just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much," says Dawson, 32. "When they were reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation."
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years - cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved their family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, their kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
"When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet," they say, "really does help."
___
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
Police in Scotland have confirmed a six-year-old girl who went missing from their grandparents' home on a holiday island has been murdered. Alesha MacPhail's body was found in woodland on Monday, July 2.
"Our absolute priority is catching the person responsible for this horrendous act as quickly as possible," said Chief Superintendent Hazel Hendren.
Alesha vanished from their grandmother's house in the town of Rothesay at 6.25am on Monday and their body was found later the same day on the site of a former hotel in Ardbeg Road.
"Alesha's family is utterly devastated by what has happened and the news that we've had to give them this evening," Detective Superintendent Stuart Huston, from Police Scotland, said on Tuesday, July 3.
Tragic scene in Bute this morning as Police Scotland launches a murder inquiry into the death of 6 year old Alesha MacPhail. 🎥 #BehindTheScenes @GMB pic.twitter.com/Isf94vtbhG — Rav Vadgama (@TVRav) 4 July 2018
​"She had lots of friends who will no doubt find it very difficult to comprehend why they will never see their friend again," they added.
🙏for Alesha McPhail & their family. It awful to think that Monsters exist in today's society and in a location as idyllic & peaceful as the Isle of Bute. May justice be served quickly — Christopher Kearns (@benvinguits) 3 July 2018
​Alesha Was On Summer Vacation
Alesha, who lived in the town of Airdrie, near Edinburgh, had only just arrived on Bute for their summer vacation and was due to be spending three weeks with their grandparents.
A post mortem examination was carried out on Alesha on Tuesday, July 3, but Police Scotland have not confirmed the cause of death.
Literally cannot get my head around Alesha McPhail's death like it just does not add up one bit!! 💆🏾‍♀️ — Chloe (@chloecopelandx) 3 July 2018
​"It is imperative that we find who is responsible for Alesha's murder," said Det. Supt. Huston.
Extra police officers are being sent over from the mainland to increase patrols and reassure the public.
Dozens of detectives from Glasgow have arrived to conduct the investigation into Alesha's murder.
People Must Be 'Vigilant'
"I understand that there will be a high level of concern among people living in this close-knit community but I want to reassure people that everything possible is being done. It's very important that people are vigilant. I would also ask the community and holidaymakers to look out for each other and please look out for your families and the security and safety of your homes," said Chief Supt. Hendren.
I do hope the #SyrianRefugees, who we're foisted on the #IslandofBute, have nothing to do with the tragic death of the little 6 year old #AleshaMcPhail. Them poor father & mother must be in bits. So heartbreaking — Angus Carl (@moirangus) 2 July 2018
"I am stunned. I am lost for words and this is not something we are used to in our community. It's just tragic," said Reverend Owain Jones, the minister at the United Church of Bute.
Bute, which has a population of 7,000, is an island in the Firth of Clyde, west of Glasgow.
It is a popular holiday destination for Scots and for tourists visiting Scotland.
Argyll and Bute Council was one of the first local authorities in the UK to respond to the humanitarian crisis in Syria and 25 Syrian refugee families now live on the island.
The Swedish round of the FIA World Rallycross Championship, set to take place in just over a fortnight (30 June-2 July) at Höljes in the forests of Värmland, will benefit from a list of more than a hundred confirmed competitors: the World Championship drivers will be flanked by the FIA European Rallycross Championship‘s entries, for both the Supercar and Super1600 classes, as well as the one-make RX2 International Series.
The World Rallycross category will feature 22 drivers: at the moment, it is still uncertain whether or not reigning World Champion, Mattias Ekström, will take part in their home event: their team, EKS, have added to the confirmed entry list the name of PG Andersson alongside regulars Toomas Heikkinen and Reinis Nitiss; a final decision, as to whether Ekström will race or not will be made by Audi Sport on 26 June, after the latest DTM race. 2014 Teams' Champions,
2014 Teams' Champions, OlsbergsMSE, will be fielding two Ford Fiesta Supercars for Sebastian Eriksson, currently committed to the USA-based Global RallyCross Championship with the same outfit, and Oliver Eriksson, the latter younger brother of regular WRX competitor Kevin Eriksson. French rallycross stalwart Hervé Knapick (Citroen DS3) and Finland's Joni-Pekka Rajala (Mitsubishi Mirage) will join the WorldRX grid, too.
The European Rallycross Championship for Supercars will attack Höljes with a 35-strong grid, bringing the total number of turbocharged, four-wheel-drive beasts to a mind-blowing 57, with the regular competitors being joined by Belgian Jochen Coox in their VW Polo, Finn Ari-Pekka Niemi in an OlsbergsMSE-built Fiesta (formerly driven by Niclas Grönholm) as well as Swedish EuroRX TouringCar title contender Philip Gehrman débuting at the wheel of a Supercar, specifically Eklund Motorsport‘s Volkswagen Beetle.
The Super1600 series will call at Höljes, too, with its standings currently led by Lithuanian Kasparas Navickas. A total of 30 front-wheel-drive entries will take part, including Latvian newcomers Arnis Odins and Juris Spikis, at the wheel of Renault Twingos fielded by TT Motorsport.
As said above, the RX2 International series, official support category to the WorldRX, will also be in action at Höljes for round four: their entry list will be issued in due course.
Complete entry lists can be found at the links below:
WorldRX | ERX Supercars | Super1600
Singapore PM's brother says they fear authorities may stop them from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday they fear the nation's authorities may stop them from leaving the country or take other action against them after they made a series of accusations against Lee.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
ASHLAND CITY (WATE) – A Middle Tennessee Endangered Child Alert has been issued for two small children from Cheatham County believed to be in danger.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says they believe Lillyanna Beneke, 4, and Ryder Beneke, 2, were taken by their noncustodial parents Cody Beneke, 27, and Danielle Beneke, 27.
Agents say both adults are addicted to heroin and meth and a court had granted temporary custody to the state. They both have outstanding warrants and violent criminal histories.
Lillyanna is described as a white female with blonde hair and hazel eyes. They stand 3 feet tall and weighs 50 pounds. Ryder is a white male with brown hair and hazel eyes.  They are three feet tall and weighs 30 pounds.
The Benekes may be traveling in a green Buick Sedan or white van with South Carolina plates and may be in the area of Mt. Juliet or Hermitage.
Anyone with information is urged to call the Cheatham County sheriff at (615) 792-2098 or TBI at 1-800-TBI-FIND.
The Beneke Family View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Courtesy: TBI) Cody Beneke (Courtesy: TBI) Danielle Beneke (Courtesy: TBI) Lillyanna, 4 (Courtesy: TBI) Ryder, 2 (Courtesy: TBI)
METRO DETROIT — Taco Bell just announced that it was awarding $3 million in Live Más Scholarships to 300 students, and four of them are from the Detroit area. They collectively won $35,000, and were chosen out of the 8,000 young people who applied to this year's scholarship.
Here's a look at the winners:
Robin Ryce from Detroit (won $10,000)
Robin hopes to use their passion for engineering to improve society through innovation. They also hope to inspire more women and minorities to go into the field of engineering. Robin is a first-year student in the College of Engineering at the University of Michigan. Check out Robin's application video here.
Jenna Battani from Macomb (won $10,000)
Being immersed in the deaf community their whole life, Jenna hopes to use their passion for sign language to provide increased access to interpreters in hospitals. They will pursue a degree in American Sign Language Interpreting at Rochester Institute of Technology. Check out Jenna's application video here.
Click here to continue.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Lourdes Regional, from District IV, took on Faith Christian in the boys 'A' state semifinals. Red Raiders took a quick lead, extended it in the middle and dominated 63-38 to become the first Schuylkill League boys team since Schuylkill Haven 21 years ago to advance to the State Finals.
Footy season is traditionally a busy time of year for Seven's commentary team, but for Basil Zempilas the familiar regime of games and travel will be a welcome return to routine.
Zempilas has had an extraordinary year, starting with calling the Hopman Cup and Australian Open tennis, followed by the Sochi Winter Olympics, Australian Swimming Trials and culminating next month with the Commonwealth Games on the Gold Coast.
On top of that the popular presenter, who is celebrating their 25th year in the industry, has continued to present 6PR's breakfast show and is stepping into a co-host role for Seven's Weekend Sunrise.
Zempilas is quick to acknowledge the support of their wife Amy when it comes to managing what they describe as a “solid workload”, but says they are feeling energised heading into the footy season.
“I have not known a period quite like this where I have worked on as many big, major events and they have come on the back of each other, and in amongst that I have started on Sunrise, but is a real buzz,” they say.
Zempilas with their new Weekend Sunrise co-host Monique Wright.
“In some ways, (footy season) is back to the things I know and love the most, and after everything else all dies down it will be good to get back into the normal routine of AFL footy.”
Zempilas says their extra commitments this year mean they will be calling fewer games than in previous seasons but viewers can expect to hear them commentate on some Perth games, most Sydney matches and others along the way.
Joining the commentary team on Saturday nights is former North Melbourne Football Club chairperson James Brayshaw, alongside regulars including Bruce McAvaney, Brian Taylor, Hamish McLachlan, James Brayshaw and Jason Bennett.
Zempilas says it is fantastic to have someone of Brayshaw's calibre bringing a new voice to Saturday-night football.
“James is a very unique footy broadcaster, and for the past 10 years all of their broadcasting has been on TripleM in Melbourne, so I have heard them a lot but most West Australians would not have heard him,” Zempilas says.
“He has their own style and their own energy and they call it not like most others, and I love their style.
“It is very well suited to Saturday nights and the vibe of Saturday night football.”
Seven's footy coverage kicks off this week with The Front Bar, hosted by Mick Molloy, Sam Pang and Andy Maher tomorrow at 9pm.
The Front Bar hosts Andy Maher, Mick Molloy and Sam Pang.
The opening game of the season, Richmond v Carlton, is on Thursday at 4pm on 7Mate.
Friday Night Countdown also returns for round one on Friday, live at 4pm on 7Mate with Hamish McLachlan, Wayne Carey and Cameron Ling.
Eagle Vision returns this Sunday at 11.30am on Seven, followed by Game Day on Sunday morning at 10am, also on Seven.
The weekend's play is rounded out with Talking Footy, hosted by Luke Darcy, Brian Taylor, Carey and Sam McClure on Monday nights at 7.30pm on 7Mate.
Zempilas, who happily admits to a parochial support of both the West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers, says WA footy fans can rest assured they will not miss a moment of the local teams.
“It goes without saying, particularly in Perth, we are right behind the Eagles and Dockers and you are going to be able to see all of their games on Seven,” they say.
“I am hopeful both of our teams could sneak into the top eight.
“I think it is going to be hard work for both of them this year, but they are both genuine chances to play finals football if they get it all right.”
AFL round one: Richmond v Carlton airs on Thursday at 4pm on 7Mate.
The Porongurup National Park will take part in NAIDOC Week 2018 celebrations with the inaugural Porongurup NAIDOC Festival this Sunday.
Under the theme Because of Her, We Can, the community will come together to recognise the contributions that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women have made and continue to make.
Founder and Mentor at the Baldjamaar Foundation, Damien Yarran, said the national park, including the renowned Castle Rock, was a fitting location for the first NAIDOC event by the foundation.
“We chose to host the event at Castle Rock because it is an extremely significant cultural area and there are some historic trails there,” they said.
“It first came into discussion with the Friends of the Porongurups because we wanted to host a NAIDOC event somewhere here.
“It is all about different cultures coming together to learn about Aboriginal culture and history, and I am excited to promote my culture with others.”
There will be a Welcome to Country and didgeridoo performance during the opening ceremony, followed by information about the trails and history of the area and a guided walk along the Granite Skywalk or the Walitj Meil Walk Trails.
A barbecue lunch and traditional face-painting will also be available at the family friendly day.
The event gets under way at 11am and concludes at 2pm.
Officials in Hawaii are searching for the family of a late veteran with Oklahoma ties.
President Donald Trump speaks during a bill signing ceremony for the "Right to Try" act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
President Donald Trump speaks during a bill signing ceremony for the "Right to Try" act in the South Court Auditorium on the White House campus, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump signed legislation Wednesday aimed at helping people with deadly diseases try experimental treatments, calling it a "fundamental freedom" that will offer hope and save lives.
Joined by families dealing with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also called Lou Gehrig's disease, and other diseases, Trump signed the so-called Right to Try bill and said they never understood why the issue had lagged for years and Congress hadn't acted sooner.
"There were no options. But now you have hope - you really have hope," Trump said. They noted that "for many years, patients, advocates and lawmakers have fought for this fundamental freedom."
The bill cleared the House last week following an emotional debate in which Republicans said it would help thousands of people in search of hope. Many Democrats said the measure was dangerous and would give patients false hope.
As they distributed pens after signing the bill at a small table, 8-year-old Jordan McLinn of Indianapolis, who suffers from muscular dystrophy, waited to embrace the president, drawing laughter in the auditorium when they put their elbow on the table and held up their chin. Trump hugged McLinn and kissed them on the forehead. "He's going to be fantastic," the president told McLinn's mother.
The president was joined by Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and some of the bill's allies in Congress, including Sens. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind.
Trump had supported efforts to gain access to the treatments during their 2016 campaign. In their State of the Union address, the president said people who are terminally shouldn't have to travel "from country to seek a cure."
The measure would give people diagnosed with life-threatening conditions who have exhausted treatment options the ability to gain access to unproven drugs without first getting permission from the FDA.
New drugs normally undergo years of expensive testing before manufacturers seek and gain FDA approval to market them.
Opponents of the bill said it would empower "fly-by-night physicians" to offer false hope and ineffective drugs to patients who are desperate for treatment. They also said that the bill created the incorrect impression that the FDA serves as a bottleneck that deprives dying patients of unproven options.
FDA figures show it approves 99 percent of the roughly 1,000 requests it receives from doctors annually for so-called "compassionate use" of such treatments. The process generally takes about four days, but permission can be granted immediately by phone in emergencies.
The bill was supported by the libertarian Goldwater Institute and the conservative Americans for Prosperity, which is backed by the wealthy brothers Charles and David Koch. The bill also offers some legal protections for pharmaceutical companies, doctors or others involved in providing the treatment.
__
On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC
This owl decided to sit on a street camera, watching cars fly past, meditating a bit. The last thing it expected was to get caught in the lens.
This curious honeybunch caused great agitation online after it landed on a traffic camera in Finland's southern city of Tampere.
After this wise creature realized somebody was watching it while it was watching cars, the owl tries to put on grave face, showing the importance of its mission as it looks in the camera.
The A40 on the Golden valley is closed completely on the way to Gloucester.
Both lanes of the Gloucester-bound carriageway are shut after an incident on the busy dual carriageway.
Contrary to some reports, the road is open in the direction of Cheltenham, police said.
Police have confirmed that the closure was put in place between J11 of the M5 and Elmbridge Court Roundabout after a woman fell from a bridge over the road.
 They are being attended to by an ambulance crew and may have sustained injuries to their pelvis
We'll bring you more details as we get them.
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
If you are on a limited budget and wish to improve your home, there are probably things that you can do yourself. Read these tips to find out more about home improvement and the amazing possibilities. Home improvement can save you a lot of money while you fix your home yourself.
Decide on your main style theme before you start to add customizing features onto your home. Determining your style has a large impact on your future home improvement choices. It is not hard to alter your style halfway through your project without realizing you have done so. The time you then spend making necessary changes will be quite costly.
You should consider having a combo unit if you reside in a small place without the space to have a washer and dryer. A combo unit will take up about the same amount of space that a dishwasher would. The combo unit is really convenient, as it combines the wash and dry cycle into one.
Most lampshades are actually quite boring. You can use a few stencils and a little paint to liven them up. This livens up the room without having to buy new lamp shades.
If you have kids, you know that they like to color and leave their coloring books and crayons lying around. You can simply organize them with a dish drying rack. Purchase a dish drying rack and stack your kid's coloring books between the dish prongs and insert the crayons or markers into the utensil caddy space.
When it comes to home improvement, it is important to know which types of improvements will add to the value of your home and which will not. This will be important when it does come time to sell your house. Such general maintenance such as sealing the driveway and replacing the roof will not add to the value, however, an additional bathroom or a patio may.
You'd be surprised at how much difference an updated address and nameplate can make on the front porch of your house. Sleek and shining house numbers make your home easier to locate, while a custom-engraved nameplate adds class and distinction. Finally, spend a little bit of cash on an ornamental door knocker, even if you have a doorbell.
Give your bathroom a unique touch by deciding on a theme. Most people spend hours in their bathrooms, but apart from the coordinated colors, nothing seems to be unique. Come up with fun themes like pirate, under the sea, at the beach, or shipwrecked. Finding accessories for your idea can be fun and give your bathroom a sense of personality.
Add some elegance to your dining table while utilizing empty votive candleholders. Place toothpicks into the empty candleholders and place them on a fancy tray. Set them on your dining room table to add a chic touch to your environment.This set up can also look great outside in your garden during summertime.
Homeowners who hire a private contractor to do a large-scale home improvement project should listen carefully to the contractor's advice but avoid taking it as gospel. Just because someone is a reputable contractor doesn't mean they are above cheating you if opportunity arises. Be sure to verify all the potential problems that a contractor mentions a home having.
Install smoke detectors in every room of the house. Smoke detectors are cheap, and they can save your family's life in the event of a fire. All you need for installation in most cases is a screwdriver. At a bare minimum, make sure you put one in the kitchen and one near the door of every bedroom.
An average-sized home that is poorly insulated can lose as much as 25 percent of its heat during the autumn and winter months. While updating your attic with glass fiber insulation materials may seem like a significant cost up front, you will quickly break even with the amount of money saved on your monthly heating bills.
If you are a pet owner make sure that there are no lingering pet hairs or pet odors in the home when you are giving a showing. This is especially true for people that have carpets because the buyers will worry about whether these issues will cause them to have to replace them.
If you are looking to add some value to a property you are planning on selling, you should think about remodeling your kitchen. The kitchen is the family center. It is the single most critical factor in influencing buyers. If you recreate the kitchen in a home, the value of the home that you are trying to sell instantly increases.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to make a room look good; just apply a fresh coat of paint. Go to your local hardware store, and look at paint chips. Find colors you find complementary to your home. If you wind up not liking the results, you always have the option of painting over it.
With the knowledge of these tips to guide you, your self-assurance and expertise at home improvement tasks will grow, and soon you'll be helping other people learn about fixing and remodeling their homes, too. It doesn't have to be scary or hard to make your own home improvements, and knowing you have the ability to make your own home into a better place is one of the best feelings you can have.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The final month of the regular season is here and Ohio State surprisingly finds itself in position to make a run at a Big Ten championship.
For a team that was picked to finish 11th in the preseason, the 17th-ranked Buckeyes have far exceeded expectations in coach Chris Holtmann's first year in Columbus.
Ohio State trailed Big Ten leader Purdue by one game before Purdue's game against Rutgers on Saturday. The Buckeyes have seven games left, and they will face Purdue in a highly anticipated showdown on Wednesday night in West Lafayette, Ind., the only meeting of the season between the two.
But first Ohio State (19-5, 10-1 Big Ten) has to get past Illinois (12-11, 2-8) on Sunday as it wraps up a four-game homestand at Value City Arena.
"It's going to be a unique game in a lot of ways just because of what they force you into," Holtmann said. "No. 3 in the country in turnover percentage, No. 8 in the country in offensive rebounding percentage. They get almost twice as many of their misses as we do.
"We're going to have to play very, very well and I think our guys understand that."
The Buckeyes ran off nine consecutive Big Ten wins to reach the halfway point in the conference schedule undefeated before falling at home to Penn State 82-79 last week on a long 3-pointer at the buzzer.
Five days later, Ohio State bounced back from that first Big Ten blemish with a 71-56 victory over Indiana to close out January with an 8-1 record for the month.
February could be challenging. In addition to Purdue, Ohio State has potentially perilous road games remaining at Penn State, Michigan and Indiana.
It might be easy for Ohio State to look past Illinois to its game at Purdue and others down the line. Holtmann doesn't think that's a problem with this team.
All they say they have to do is point to the Fighting Illini's last two games. They edged Indiana 73-71 and then routed Rutgers 91-60 at home on Tuesday for their first two Big Ten victories.
"Look at their last game and see that they were up 40 on Rutgers to see how good they could be," Holtmann said. "The reality is they could be sitting with five or six wins now given how many close games they've had.
"If our guys aren't ready, then that's on them and me and us. That's not to say you can still be ready and lose the game because they present a lot of problems."
Forward Keita Bates-Diop, an Illinois native who is the Buckeyes' leading scorer (19.6 points per game) and rebounder (8.8 per game), insists that it doesn't matter where Illinois resides in the standings.
"(We) just prepare the same way every game," they said. "We prepare for them like they're at the top of the Big Ten."
In addition to holding Rutgers to 60 points, Illinois forced 25 turnovers and scored 37 points off those errors in the rout.
"It's a defensive system unlike anything you've maybe ever seen," Holtmann said. "We'll have to be very sharp in running our set plays, very sharp in running our motion offense. We'll have to be very sharp in our passing and our cutting and our moving. Illinois' defense is incredible in terms of how much they can take you out of stuff."
Illinois is finally starting to feel like it's getting some traction in coach Brad Underwood's first season, even though the standings don't reflect the progress.
The Illini shot the ball well against Rutgers, connecting on 71 percent of their two-pointers, 40.7 percent from 3-point range and 73.7 percent from the free-throw line.
Freshman guard Trent Frazier led the Illini with 17 points, making five 3-pointers. They have scored in double figures in 12 of the last 13 games.
"We continue to want to be aggressive in all those areas," Underwood said. "It's about shooters and passers, to be quite honest. The best teams in the NBA all have multiple guys who can shoot the basketball. The best teams in the NBA are all your top assist teams. That transcends."
To pull off an upset, Illinois will have to reverse its fortunes at Ohio State. The Illini have lost seven in a row in Value City Arena and are 2-13 there.
LOS ANGELES — Costa Rican international Marco Urena accounted for the first two goals in Los Angeles FC pre-season history Friday as the expansion franchise club tied MLS champion Toronto FC 2-2.
The game pitted Toronto captain Michael Bradley against their father, AFC head coach Bob Bradley.
"All in all, not bad," Bob Bradley said of their team's performance.
"There's a lot of work to do still," they added.
Boise, (ID) - Finally.
It appears the 11th time is the charm. Former Green Bay Packer and Idaho Vandal, Jerry Kramer has been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
It's probably the most famous block in one of the most famous games in NFL history. The Ice Bowl. Quarterback Bart Starr follows Right Guard Jerry Kramer into the end zone to win the NFL Championship.
But Jerry Kramer's resume is more than just one block.
They won five NFL titles, a member of the 1960's All-Decade team and a member of the NFL's 50th Anniversary team.
Somewhere Jerry's legendary coach Vince Lombardi is saying; it's about time. Lombardi called Kramer one of the best right guards in football.
Not bad for a kid from Sandpoint High School, who went on to star at the University of Idaho.
It's said, the more pain you have to endure on your journey, the sweeter the arrival at your destination. All good things are worth waiting for and worth fighting for.
Congratulations Jerry Kramer.
Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. They can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com.
Scientists from ITMO University and Tampere University of Technology managed to improve computational imaging of optical signal in lensless microscopes. By employing special algorithms they increased the resolution of obtained images without any changes in the technical characteristics of microscopes.
Lensless computational microscopy makes it possible to visualize transparent objects or measure their shape in three dimensions. Such microscopes have no lenses or objectives that focus light on an image sensor. Instead lensless microscopes rely on measuring diffraction patterns that result from illuminating an object with laser or LED light. The image obtained from these patterns is generated by using computational approach. Special algorithms allow not only to generate the optical image, but also to improve the optical signal itself. It thus becomes possible to get images with higher resolution using only mathematical methods without any physical changes to microscopes.
An international team of scientists from Russia and Finland turned to computational methods in order to expand the field of view, a crucial feature of any microscope. In traditional microscopy an objective focuses light from a small object area to a bigger area where the image is captured. Thus, the image size appears to be increased. It is impossible, however, to change the size of the image sensor itself. This is where computational means come into play, allowing researchers to overcome this physical limitation of image sensors and expand the field of view.
To this end, several different diffraction patterns must be registered by camera. To perform the task, scientists used special filters called phase masks, which are usually synthesized on a computer and fed into the optical path of the microscope using a spatial light modulator. Once the diffraction patterns were processed, the scientists managed to artificially increase the field of view and consequently the resolution of the retrieved image.
"We used the mathematical method of sparse representation of signal. A simple example may help understand how it works. Imagine that you have a grid paper and you choose a square area of 8x8. If you register the signal in this 8x8 square, then the retrieved image will be discretized in the same way. But if the signal meets certain requirements of sparsity, you can potentially use the same 8x8 signal to restore all the missing information regarding the same object, but with a smaller discrete mesh of 16x16 or even 32x32. At the same time, the resolution will increase twofold or fourfold correspondingly. Moreover, our computational algorithm expands the signal beyond the registration area. This essentially implies the appearance of extra pixels around our 8x8 square, which therefore expands the field of view," - says Nikolay Petrov, one of the authors of the study and head of the Laboratory of Digital and Display Holography at ITMO University.
The new approach enables scientists to improve image resolution without any modifications in the quality of the image sensor and other microscope components. This, in turn, suggests significant economy and cheaper microscopes in the future.
"What seems to be the trend in this area of research is the simplification and optimization of optical systems. To achieve even more optimization, we need to remove the spatial light modulator from the system and reduce the amount of masks-filters. One of the obvious paths to achieve these goals is to use a single filter with sequential movement. This will make our lensless computational microscope even cheaper, as the spatial light modulator is the most expensive element in such systems," - comments Igor Shevkunov, coauthor of the study and researcher at the Laboratory of Digital and Display Holography and Fellow at the Tampere University of Technology.
Improvement of lensless computational microscopy is a step further to higher quality research in biology, chemistry, medicine and other fields.
###
April 20 Tesla Inc
* says recently discovered potential manufacturing issue with electric parking brakes installed on certain Model S and Model X vehicles
* while less than 5% of vehicles being recalled may be affected by the issue, recalling 53,000 vehicles total "out of an abundance of caution"
* says "able to begin replacing parts immediately and will have sufficient parts for all affected vehicles by october 2017"
* electric parking brakes installed on Model S, Model X vehicles built between Feb and Oct 2016 could have been manufactured improperly by third-party supplier
* there have been no reports of parking brake system failing to hold parked vehicle or stop a vehicle in emergency as a result of this condition Source text (bit.ly/2ovjTzb) Further company coverage:
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
LOS ANGELES (CBS Local) – Live Nation is kicking off the summer season by offering music lovers a big discount on tickets to thousands of live events.
The events promoter is celebrating the start of National Concert Week with $20 “all-in” tickets to over 2,000 of the company's tour of summer concerts. The deal starts on April 30 and runs through May 8 on Live Nation's website.
SAVE THE DATE: National Concert Week is almost here! To celebrate summer concert season, Live Nation is offering $20 all-in tickets to +1,500 shows from April 30 – May 8! https://t.co/oTfUUapt4J pic.twitter.com/jxMs8QzDYc — Live Nation (@LiveNation) April 23, 2018
According to a press release, the National Concert Week promotion will offer over 1.5 million tickets to live performances for “Comedy, Country, Hip-Hop, Latin, Metal, Rock, Pop and more.”
“National Concert Week is a time for artists and fans to celebrate their love of live music,” the company added.
During the special ticket offer, fans can cash in on live performances featuring dozens of stars including Alan Jackson, Bon Jovi, Kevin Hart, Keith Urban, Shakira, and many more. A full list of the shows fans can buy tickets for is available at livenation.com.
Dodgers 3B Justin Turner has broken left wrist after being hit by pitch in game vs. Athletics, according to manager Dave Roberts. https://t.co/ZLHUAUaN8Z pic.twitter.com/ueALfBQxgS
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause a devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps," Gov. Jon Bel Edwards said Thursday.
The storm is expected to become a hurricane before making landfall late Saturday or early Sunday. Landrieu said forecasts are for New Orleans to get 2 to 4 inches (5 to 10 centimetres) of rain, which its pumps can handle.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in six southernmost counties. State officials, at a briefing Friday in Gulfport, warned that Nate's main danger in that state will be from up to 10 feet (3 metres) of storm surge in low-lying coastal areas, as well as from winds that could damage mobile homes.
"If you are in an area that has flooded, I would recommend you evacuate that area until the storm has ended and the water has receded for your own personal safety and for the safety of the first responders that will be responding in the event you are trapped," Bryant said.
Dozens of offshore oil and gas platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as Nate churns through warm waters.
The storm threatened to disrupt one of the Mississippi coast's biggest annual tourist events, the "Cruisin' the Coast" auto show. Biloxi firefighters warned more than 700 recreational vehicle campers that they may need to leave early. The event continued as normal Friday, but Saturday's events were cancelled, replaced by a brief closing ceremony.
The northern Gulf Coast areas targeted by Nate largely have been spared the worst effects of a catastrophic hurricane season, but Louisiana's emergency declaration for Nate isn't its first since the start of summer. In August, a weakened Hurricane Harvey made landfall in Louisiana after dealing a devastating blow to Texas and then nudging back into the Gulf of Mexico. Edwards also issued an emergency declaration in August for storm-related flooding in New Orleans.
On Alabama's Dauphin Island, owners hauled boats out of the water ahead of the storm and tourists cancelled beach reservations for the weekend. The major concern was that Nate's storm surge was projected to coincide with high tide.
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency Director Lee Smithson expressed confidence that the federal government would be able to provide help to Mississippi even as the Federal Emergency Management Agency continues to respond to previous hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Bryant authorized the use of the Mississippi National Guard to respond to any damage. Officials said they would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, and that the regional bus system could transport people who can't drive to shelters on their own.
"This is a fast-moving storm," Smithson said.
___
Jeff Amy reported from Jackson, Mississippi. Melinda Deslatte and Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge and Kim Chandler in Montgomery, Alabama contributed to this story.
___
This story corrects that storm centre expected to pass Yucatan peninsula late Friday, not late Saturday.
By Janet McConnaughey And Jeff Amy, The Associated Press
Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses. The company said that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that "may not comply with industry standards." Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website "out of an abundance of caution." It did not name any of those listings in its statement. To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses . There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause. But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market. The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice "in response to alarming reports" of unsafe glasses selling online. The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization. To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold. Written by Jackie Wattles for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
May 3 Semafo Inc
* Semafo delivers cash flow from operations of $23.1 million in first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.01
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.02 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Production in Q1 totalled 55,400 ounces of gold compared to 61,300 ounces in prior-year quarter
* Adjusted 2017 guidance to between 190,000 and 205,000 ounces of gold at a total cash cost of between $685 and $715 per ounce
* Qtrly gold sales of $66.9 million compared to $74.6 million for same period in 2016
* Q1 revenue view $68.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A member of a paleontologist team looks at a fossilized skeleton of an extinct species of elephant, excavated at Dolni Disan, near Negotino, in central Macedonia, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were found accidentally by a man working in a field. (AP Photo/Boris Grdanoski)
A member of a paleontologist team looks at a fossilized skeleton of an extinct species of elephant, excavated at Dolni Disan, near Negotino, in central Macedonia, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were found accidentally by a man working in a field. (AP Photo/Boris Grdanoski)
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) - Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were discovered accidentally by a man working in a field.
Scientists at the Natural Science Museum of Macedonia and the Natural History Museum of Sofia said Tuesday they began excavating the skeleton in Dolni Disan in central Macedonia last Friday. They estimated the animal would have weighed about 10 tons and have been about 50 years old at the time of its death, roughly 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch.
Biljana Garevska of the Natural Science Museum in Skopje said the fossil was of one of the elephant's ancestors which roamed the region at a time when it was covered by African-like savannah.
An autonomous Uber vehicle in Arizona was involved in a deadly collision early Monday morning that left one pedestrian dead. One of the company's autonomous Volvo XC90's struck a female pedestrian, according to The New York Times, who crossed in front of the vehicle outside of a crosswalk. The woman was taken to a local area hospital but later died as a result of their injuries.
The incident occurred in Tempe, near Mill Avenue and Curry Road, according to local police. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with a safety driver behind the wheel when it struck a woman crossing the street outside of a crosswalk. It's the first known fatally of a pedestrian involving a self-driving vehicle.
Following the incident, Uber has temporarily pulled its entire autonomous vehicle fleet off the road, not just in Arizona, but also in other major cities where the tech company was operating, including San Francisco, Pittsburgh, and Toronto. Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted out their condolences to the family of the victim:
The company released a statement that it will be working with local police to figure out exactly what went wrong:
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
In March 2017, another of Uber's autonomous Volvos testing in Tempe was part of a three-car accident, resulting in the autonomous SUV ending up on its side. A police investigation found that the autonomous XC90 wasn't at fault. Instead, another vehicle failed to yield and was responsible for the collision. Uber still responded by temporarily stopping autonomous development nationwide while examining the incident.
Source: The New York Times
Grant County Sheriff's Deputies working with other local law enforcement agencies arrested a man wanted on armed robbery and unlawful charges.
Spokesperson Kyle Forman says they received a tip that Diego Cano might be hiding in a home about 10 miles outside of Moses Lake. Deputies surrounded the home at around 2:30 am, and called out for Cano to leave the residence.
Foreman says one person did come out of the house at that time, and confirmed that Cano was inside. That person was detained for questioning, though it's not known whether they might face charges.
The Sheriff's Office called out to the Interagency Narcotics Enforcement Team, which helped with negotiations in the hopes of getting Cano to surrender peacefully. Foreman said it wasn't until they deployed “flash bang” devices into the home that Cano finally came out and allowed officers to arrest him.
Cano is the third and final suspect believed to be involved in a March incident where a man was taken hostage and robbed when they refused to the give the men a ride.
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before their trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesperson Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but they couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Count Tom Izzo and John Beilein among those excited to see the Pistons make their downtown return.
“The move for the Pistons down to the new arena, there's a lot of excitement in the air to see where we're headed right now,” said Izzo. “All kidding aside, the hair on my arm stands up.”
There's certainly a buzz surrounding the team with the 2017-18 season approaching. Izzo can feel it in East Lansing and Beilein can feel it in Ann Arbor.
The Pistons are returning to downtown Detroit for the first time since 1979.
“I think everybody appreciates the level of basketball that is played this state,” said Beilein. “I can't wait for basketball to make its return to the city.”
“Now it's time to christen this new arena with great Piston basketball” – Tom Izzo. #ICantWait @MSU_Basketball pic.twitter.com/wGq7wy8D81 — Detroit Pistons (@DetroitPistons) October 5, 2017
Izzo and Beilein know plenty about recruiting. And they both approved of the moves Stan Van Gundy and the Pistons made in the offseason.
Said Beilein, “I think the Avery Bradley acquisition was a great one. The NBA has become a league where you have to have shutdown defenders, but you also have to have everybody that can shoot, and I think Avery answers both of those areas.”
“I think everyone appreciates the level of basketball that is played in this state” – @JohnBeilein of @umichbball. #ICantWait pic.twitter.com/5bAyIn6Diy — Detroit Pistons (@DetroitPistons) October 5, 2017
They also agreed on this: Watch out for a healthy Reggie Jackson.
Beilein recalled a time when Jackson came into Crisler Arena as a guard at Boston College and got “buckets” to sink the Wolverines.
“Right here, right on this court,” Beilein said. “He's one heck of an NBA guard, and he's going to be healthy this year. I think we'll see Reggie at their best.”
The Pittsburgh Steelers reported on Monday that they were releasing wide receiver Canaan Severin and added linebacker Austin Gearing. Severin had a big drop in the team's first preseason game and with the return of Martavis Bryant was part of a very crowded depth chart.
We have signed LB Austin Gearing, and released WR Canaan Severin. — Pittsburgh Steelers (@steelers) August 14, 2017
Gearing is a product of Miami of Ohio and should get a look as depth at outside linebacker. He's 6-foot-5 and 257 pounds and was one of the special tryout players Pittsburgh brought in back in May but wasn't signed at that time.
The release of Severin could mark the pending return of Sammie Coates. He's been recovering from offseason knee surgery and working on an opposite field during team activities. A healthy Coates adds yet another layer to the Steelers offense that teams will have to contend with.
By Meg Wingerter
Kansas was the only state where the obesity rate went up significantly in 2015, according to an annual report, and state officials are trying to figure out why and how to reverse the trend.
The state also lagged on vaccination rates and remained stuck in the middle on overall health, according to the America's Health Rankings Report, which was released Thursday.
Kansas ranked 27th in the report, which rates the 50 states on a broad range of measures, including health behaviors, access to care, state policies and residents' health outcomes. The state has hovered at 26th or 27th since 2013.
About 34 percent of Kansans, or one in three, were obese, according to the report. That echoes another annual report issued earlier this year by the Trust for America's Health and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which also noted that Kansas also was one of only two states whose obesity rate increased significantly between 2014 and 2015.
Missouri didn't fare much better, with 32 percent of residents classified as obese. Its obesity rate also appeared to go up, though the change was not statistically significant.
Jennifer Church, section director for community health promotion at the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, says state epidemiologists are analyzing why the obesity rate increased in Kansas when most states were holding steady and a few had decreases.
“We can't say with any certainty why Kansas is continuing to go up,” they say. “A lot of their strategies (in states where the rate decreased) look the same as what we're doing.”
Not all people who are obese develop other health problems, but extra weight does increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, stroke, arthritis and cancers in the uterus, breast, colon, kidney, gallbladder and liver, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The report estimated the United States spends about $190.2 billion annually on health issues related to obesity, and about 200,000 people die from related causes each year.
KDHE has provided programs to encourage better nutrition for about 20 years and offers grants for communities that want to include pedestrians and bicyclists in their master transportation plans, Church says.
This coming year, however, KDHE plans to put more emphasis on underserved communities, such as lower-income neighborhoods that can be overlooked when city officials discuss adding bike trails, they say.
“It's really clear who is disproportionately affected by obesity and tobacco,” they say.
Work remains on vaccines
Kansas also ranked in the bottom 10 states on the percentage of adolescents vaccinated against meningococcal disease and human papillomavirus, or HPV.
Missouri also was in the bottom 10 when it came to vaccinating all teens against meningococcal disease and female teens against HPV. It ranked 32nd for male teens, mostly due to extremely low rates in other states — only about one-quarter of Missouri boys age 13 to 17 had received an HPV shot.
Jennifer VandeVelde, director of KDHE's Bureau of Disease Control and Prevention, cautioned that the report doesn't reflect progress in 2015, however. For example, the HPV vaccination rate in Kansas for teen girls increased from about 38 percent in 2014 to about 51 percent last year, which wasn't captured in the rankings, they say.
KDHE and the Immunize Kansas Coalition are focusing on raising awareness that teens need the HPV and meningococcal vaccinations, as well as a booster to protect them against tetanus, pertussis and diphtheria, VandeVelde says. That includes talking with health providers about using the opportunity when they treat teens to offer vaccines, they say.
“While these rates are still not as high as we would like them to be, there is marked improvement noted in just one year, and we are confident that we will continue to see marked increases under our current strategies,” they said in an email.
Meg Wingerter is a reporter for KHI News Service in Topeka, a partner in the Heartland Health Monitor team. You can reach them on Twitter @meganhartMC
DETROIT (WWJ) – A state water quality analyst charged in the Flint Water Crisis has apparently cut a deal with prosecutors. Sources telling the Detroit News that Adam Rosenthal with the state Department of Environmental Quality could be in court as early as tomorrow to enter a no contest plea to an unspecified misdemeanor.
He'd be the fourth defendant to make a deal with special prosecutor Todd Flood.
Rosenthal had been warned by city officials they were not ready to switch from Detroit water to the Flint River for their water supply in 2014. They had also been warned about high levels of lead resulting from a corrosion problem.  They are charged with misconduct in office, neglect of duty and tampering with evidence.
Corinne Miller, the state's health director, returned to the witness stand in October. Michigan's former head of disease control believes a spike in Legionnaires' in Genesee County in 2014-15 was related to a switch in Flint's water supply.
Miller's former boss, Nick Lyon, is charged with involuntary manslaughter and misconduct in office. Prosecutors say a timely alert about the Legionnaires' outbreak might have saved 85-year-old Robert Skidmore, who died of congestive heart failure six months after they got Legionnaires'.
Nearly 100 cases of Legionnaires', including 12 deaths, were detected in the Flint area in 2014 and 2015 while the city was using the Flint River for water. Legionnaires' is a pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. Cooling systems and misting fountains can be sources.
The Flint City Council narrowly approved a 30-year agreement to get drinking water from a regional agency after court-ordered negotiations in November.
The deal was approved by a 5-4 vote after hours of debate and comments from dozens of residents.
The pact means the Great Lakes Water Authority will continue to serve Flint. It has been providing water for the Michigan city since fall 2015, when Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged a lead crisis related to use of Flint River water.
More than 1,000 people attended Sunbury's Annual Christmas on the Square event on Dec. 2. As always, Santa and Mrs. Claus appeared at the end of the parade. Kids gathered candy thrown from vehicles and marchers who went around the village square. The event also featured the lighting of the Christmas tree next to the Town Hall.
More than 1,000 people attended Sunbury's Annual Christmas on the Square event on Dec. 2. As always, Santa and Mrs. Claus appeared at the end of the parade. Kids gathered candy thrown from vehicles and marchers who went around the village square. The event also featured the lighting of the Christmas tree next to the Town Hall. http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_Sunbury-Santa-Mrs.-C-2017.jpg More than 1,000 people attended Sunbury's Annual Christmas on the Square event on Dec. 2. As always, Santa and Mrs. Claus appeared at the end of the parade. Kids gathered candy thrown from vehicles and marchers who went around the village square. The event also featured the lighting of the Christmas tree next to the Town Hall.
TROY (WWJ) – A Clarkson man, pulled over in their Cadillac last weekend, admitted to Troy police that he'd drank a little too much.
Police made the traffic stop at 5:20 p.m. Saturday, January 27, on the northbound I-75 entrance ramp from Rochester Road.
According to police the 35-year-old suspect, who has two prior drunken driving convictions, smelled of alcohol as they sat speaking to officers in a 2014 Cadillac CTS.
When an officer asked the driver how much alcohol they consumed, the man replied: “More than I should have.”
Police said, after failing several field sobriety tests, the suspect submitted to a preliminary breath test which found they had a .289 percent Blood Alcohol Concentration (BAC) — more than three times the legal limit for driving.
While searching the man's car, police said they found a bottle of alcohol that was around one-third full. It was also discovered the man was driving on a suspended license.
The driver was taken into custody and charged with the following: Driving While License Suspended, Transporting an Open Container of Alcohol in a Motor Vehicle, and Operating a Motor Vehicle While Under the Influence of Alcohol – 3rd Offense.
Their name was not released pending an arraignment on the charges.
Defending champions United States overcame Russia to secure top spot in Group B at the International Swimming Federation's Women's Water Polo World League Super Final in Kunshan.
The American team had already beaten Canada and Japan in the group phase, but were determined to finish the stage off in style.
They were challenged throughout their clash with Russia at the Kunshan Leisure Centre.
Despite their rivals remaining close for much of the game, the US eventually emerged as 10-7 winners to seal top spot in Group B.
Canada secured second place as they emerged as dominant 13-4 winners against Japan, who ended behind Russia in fourth.
Winless Japan will now have to upset the odds in the quarter-finals, where they are due to face Group A winners The Netherlands.
The Dutch squad claimed their third straight win by overcoming China 10-7.
Final Points:
Group A: Netherlands 9, Spain 6, China 3, Australia 0.
Group B: USA 9, Canada 6, Russia 3, Japan 0.
USA and Netherlands top FINA Women's Water Polo World League Super Final groups >> https://t.co/wrCVvFq96S#FINA #SuperFinal #waterpolo #WPWL18 pic.twitter.com/QdP4tfQdaj — FINA (@fina1908) May 30, 2018
The closest match of the day saw Spain earn a narrow 10-9 win over Australia, which saw them finish in second place.
Quarter-final matches will begin tomorrow with Spain's match against Russia, with their clash expected to be followed by China's battle with Canada.
Netherlands will then take on Japan, before the United States meet Australia.
Updated at 10:40 p.m. ET
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded Tuesday in Dallas, along with a civilian whose condition has not been given. Dallas police tweeted that a man authorities were searching for has been arrested after a high-speed chase.
The three injured were being treated at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital, Police Chief Reneé Hall told reporters. They declined to give their names or more details about their condition.
The suspect, earlier identified by police as 29-year-old Armando Luis Juarez, was apprehended Tuesday evening.
Hall had said they may have fled in a white pickup truck, and they asked for help from the public in finding him.
Tuesday afternoon, Hall said, a security guard called for police assistance with an arrest at a Home Depot in North Dallas. The officers arrived and were then shot, Hall said. They did not give more details about the altercation, including the shooting of a Home Depot employee.
Shortly after the shooting, police were seen searching in a wooded area behind the Home Depot, according to the Dallas Morning News. The law enforcement response, according to Hall, includes several local, state and national agencies. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said it would be part of the law enforcement response.
"Dallas is at the precipice looking into the hell of heartbreak," Mayor Mike Rawlings told reporters. They added on Twitter, "It sobers us to realize what our officers walk into day in and day out and how quickly they can become victims."
Police have yet to release names of the three people who were shot. Local ABC affiliate WFAA described the two Dallas police officers as "rookies in their 20s."
In 2016, a sniper shot and killed five Dallas police officers at a rally where hundreds of people were protesting other officer-involved shootings around the country.
This is a breaking news story. This post will be updated.
MINNEAPOLIS — Typically, the Super Bowl is situated in a warm-weather locale.
Not this year. Not even close.
Super Bowl LII, which is Sunday in Minneapolis, is projected to be the coldest Super Bowl of all time.
There's no snow in the game day forecast, but the predicted high is in the single digits — that's Fahrenheit, not Celsius — with a low below zero. Factor in the wind chill, and it likely will feel below zero the whole day.
And it's expected to be 3 degrees at kickoff, which is at 5:30 p.m. CT (6:30 p.m. ET) in Minneapolis.
Fans should get a reprieve from the cold, of course, if they have tickets to the game. US Bank Stadium, home of the Minnesota Vikings, has a fixed roof.
“Despite the cold, there will be plenty of warm entries to get you into the game,” Peter O'Reilly, the NFL's senior vice president of events, said this week.
The coldest Super Bowl to date was held near Detroit. It was 13 degrees at kickoff for Super Bowl XVI in 1982 at the Silverdome, which also was an indoor venue.
The National Weather Service office in Minneapolis issued a special weather statement this week, warning of bitterly cold wind chills for those outside this weekend for Super Bowl festivities.
The wind chill in Minneapolis is expected to dip 10 to 25 below zero from Saturday night through game time Sunday night, with 1 to 2 inches of snow expected Saturday.
However, that forecast doesn't appear to bother the NFL.
“I'm often asked what makes Super Bowl LII in Minnesota unique, and the conversation often turns to the cold and to the weather,” O'Reilly said. “But my real answer is it's the people. The people of Minnesota, the incredible volunteers who have come together — record numbers of volunteers.”
More than 10,000 people have volunteered to help during Super Bowl week, according to the Minnesota Super Bowl Host Committee.
“It's the people and the energy and the warmth here in the ‘Bold North' that is really coming through,” O'Reilly said.
While Minnesotans may be radiating warmth, it's probably safe to say that ice sculptures will remain intact at Super Bowl Live, a 10-day, outdoor fan festival.
Conversely, it was much warmer Sunday at the Pro Bowl in Orlando. Though the high was in the mid-70s, it wasn't exactly ideal. Camping World Stadium has no roof, and it was pouring rain.
The previous two Super Bowl hosts were considerably warmer (Houston for Super Bowl LI and Santa Clara, California, for Super Bowl 50). The next four cities to host Super Bowls will be Atlanta, Miami, Tampa and Los Angeles.
Even if this Sunday's Super Bowl were held outdoors, it still wouldn't be the coldest NFL game of all time. Based on kickoff times, the coldest game in league history was the iconic “Ice Bowl” at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin. It was 13 degrees below zero (wind chill minus 48) when the Green Bay Packers hosted the Dallas Cowboys on December 31, 1967.
Other arctic-like games in NFL history include the San Diego Chargers at the Cincinnati Bengals on January 10, 1982, when the temperature was minus 9 degrees, with a wind chill of 59 below; and January 10, 2016, when the Seattle Seahawks played the Vikings outdoors, with a temperature of minus 6 degrees and a wind chill of 25 below zero.
Super Bowl XLVIII at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, was the first Super Bowl played in an outdoor cold-weather stadium. The NFL got lucky that season: It was 49 degrees at kickoff.
This will be the first Super Bowl in Minnesota since Super Bowl XXVI, when the Washington Redskins defeated the Buffalo Bills 37-24 on January 26, 1992, at the Metrodome.
MAN CITY MIDFIELDER Ilkay Gundogan believes there should be “more honesty” between players and the media, believing it is important for players to speak their mind.
The Germany international believes the relationship between those competing on the field and those reporting off it can be “predictable” at times.
As a result, fans around the world are denied access to subjects which could be considered “taboo”.
Few are prepared to address such topics, in public at least, with Per Mertesacker bucking the trend in a recent interview, which saw them admit to feeling sick owing to the pressure of having to deliver at the very highest level.
Gundogan told DAZN on their fellow countryman: “I didn't read the whole interview [with Mertesacker] but their statements are not bad. Quite the contrary, it's great that they can handle it so openly. Many probably cannot.”
A man who has helped City to Premier League glory in 2017-18 added on the duties of both players and the media: “I wish that sometimes there is a little more honesty and that you can discuss things openly. There should not be taboo subjects.
I have no problem with answering questions honestly or even looking outside the box and answering private questions.
“It's bad if you disguise yourself, I honestly cannot see it anymore when you're after the game, always asked the same questions and give pre-programmed answers.
“I do not know if there is a solution for that. I don't know if you can, want or should change it. But sometimes I just wish for a little more.
I don't know if that must necessarily be other topics, but somehow these interviews seem not posed but pre-programmed and predictable. I cannot imagine anyone sitting at home looking at this being able to extract something new from it. At least I am not, and I've already seen such interviews many times and I've already given such interviews.
“I think both sides [footballers and media] have to change.”
Quizzed on what can be done to bring about those changes, Gundogan said: “I don't know, probably ask different questions? No idea.
“You ask us the questions, and we have to react to them. And sometimes we are so focused we already have an answer in mind, which probably somebody of the media department told us before. That's why I don't want to know the questions before, when I give interviews whether TV or print. I don't want to prepare myself for what I will answer. I think it would make me feel even unsure if you come to me before an interview and say: ‘Ilkay, here are the 10 questions, read that.'
Then you do not have the possibility to be spontaneous. Spontaneity is mostly honest. But then [if you see the questions before] you do not have the possibility of being 100% honest and say what you think anymore.
“So most of the time it's controlled by the head and that's a pity, because I think that quite a lot of footballers have more to offer. Some don't want [to talk openly about things], you have to respect that, too. But I can imagine that many are open for it. And the people at home would not complain about it, too, I think — quite the contrary.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
In their ongoing effort to protect Maryland taxpayers, Comptroller Peter Franchot has announced that their office has immediately suspended processing electronic tax returns from nine tax preparers due to a high volume of questionable returns received.
“My top priority is to protect Maryland taxpayers and detecting fraudulent tax returns,” Comptroller Franchot said. “We want to make sure the tax refunds we issue are legitimate and go to the correct taxpayers. My top-notch Questionable Return Detection Team is vigilant in rooting out returns that try to cheat the state and steal money from hardworking Marylanders.”
The businesses, which have been sent written notice of the action, were identified by the Comptroller's nationally recognized fraud unit using state-of-the-art technology that allows the Office to detect fraud. The agency's review process provides an opportunity for blocked preparers to have their filing privileges restored.
In 2017, the Comptroller's Office blocked suspicious tax returns at 95 tax preparation businesses in 113 locations. Since taking office in 2007, the Comptroller's team has identified and blocked more than 88,000 fraudulent returns and intercepted and denied $190.2 million worth of fraudulent refunds.
“Watching for tax fraud schemes and fraudulent returns is a big challenge for tax administrators across the nation,” Franchot said. “My agency uses every tool available to make sure Maryland's tax filing system is safe and accurate.”
The tax preparers blocked from filing returns are:
Magino & Associates, 18943 Red Robin Terrace, Germantown, MD 20874
Accurate Taxes, 616 E. Patapsco Ave., Brooklyn, MD 21225
1-866MoblTax Inc., 4812 St. Barnabas Road, Suite 6, Temple Hills, MD 20748
R & M Hannan LLC, 7751 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd., Glen Burnie, MD 21060
Rhonda's Tax Service Inc., 5801 Allentown Road, Suite 303, Suitland, MD 20746
A & R Tax Accounting Service Inc. (aka A R TAX AND ACCOUNTING INC), 47 Peabody St. NE, Washington, DC 20011
Tax Time, 3902 Ednor Road, Baltimore, MD 21218
Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, 1912 Forest Drive, Annapolis, MD 21401
Precise Tax and Accounting Service, 7521 New Hampshire Ave., Takoma Park, MD 20912
A complete list of all tax preparers blocked from filing returns is available at marylandtaxes.com. Taxpayers should carefully review their returns for these issues and should be suspicious if a preparer:
Deduct fees from the taxpayer's refund to be deposited into the tax preparer's account.
Does not sign the tax return.
Fails to include the Preparer Taxpayer Identification number “P-TIN” on the return.
If taxpayers suspect fraud, they are asked to immediately report the issue to the Comptroller's Office by calling 1-800-MD-TAXES (1-800-638-2937) or 410-260-7980 in Central Maryland or by emailing [email protected].
Below is a list of the tax preparers the Comptroller's Office has blocked previously:
Anne Arundel County
Rightway Financial Services LLC, 3363 Sudlersville South, Laurel, MD 20724
Baltimore (City)
A Year Round Tax Service Inc., 5820 York Road, Ste. T200, Baltimore, MD 21212
AO Tax Services, 2307 E. Monument St.
AO Tax Services, 3231 Belair Road
A&E Tax Services, 5013 Frederick Ave., Baltimore, MD 21229
B and B Tax Service, 4707 Harford Road
DE Brown, 36 E 25th St.
EB Tax Service, 2322 Monument St.
EB Tax Service, 1818 Pennsylvania Ave.
Eltonia Tax & Contract Service LLC, 8058 Philadelphia Road, Baltimore, MD 21237
EMACK Tax Service, 123 W. Saratoga St.
Express Tax Inc., 5501 York, Road, Baltimore, MD 21212
First Rate Tax Service, 28 Henley Ct., Baltimore, MD 21244
HRQT LLC, 2136 Harford Road, Baltimore, MD 21218
Liberty Tax Service, 3308 Greenmount Ave.
Liberty Tax Service, 503 W. Lexington St.
Liberty Tax Service, 2401 Liberty Heights Ave.
Liberty Tax Service, 1742 W. North Ave.
Liberty Tax Service, 1808 Pennsylvania Ave.
Liberty Tax Service, 2039 W. Pratt St.
Loyalty Tax Services, 4602A Harford Road
Office Tax Solutions, 2230 E. Monument St.
Office Tax Solutions, 1439 W. Patapsco Road
On-Site Tax Services, 1629 E. Baltimore St., Baltimore, MD 21231
OSE Tax Services, 5006 Harford Road, Baltimore, MD 21214
People Tax Service (aka Neighborhood Tax Services), 3219 Belair Road
Precise Financial, 8601 Harford Road, Ste. B, Baltimore, MD 21234.
PROTAXEM, 3104 N. Greenmount SVE, Baltimore, MD 21218
Quick Tax Service, 1809 1/2 Pennsylvania Ave., Baltimore, MD 21217
Quick Tax, 2401 Liberty Heights Road, Baltimore, MD 21215
Quick Money Tax Service, 6628 Harford Road, 2nd floor Baltimore, MD 21214
Tax Rite Services, 3406 Belair Road
Fachel Tax Service, 6331 Belair Road, Baltimore
Samuel Tax Services, 1005 North Point Blvd., Ste. 728, Baltimore, MD 21224
Security Tax & Accounting Srv LLC, 1724 Woodlawn Drive, Suite 12, Baltimore MD 21207
TA Income Tax Service, 4833 Belair Road, Baltimore
Tax Maid, 2558 Pratt St., Baltimore, MD 21223
JMD Tax Service, 2700 W. Franklin St., Baltimore
Marcjeze Tax Services, 5864 B Belair Road, Baltimore
Bodmars Tax Service, 4903 Belair Road, Baltimore
MK Tax Services and Investment LLC, 1031 W. Baltimore St., Baltimore
Neighborhood Tax Services, also known as Royal Auto Sales N Neighborhood Tax or People
Tax Services at 3219 Belair Road, Baltimore and 3226 Belair Road, Ste. A, Baltimore
Tax Relief, 5601 McClean Blvd., Baltimore, MD 21214
Chimex Tax Service, 2654 Maryland Ave., Baltimore
Jovan LLC, 5225 Harford Road, Baltimore
Taxcare , 6711 Belair Rd, Ste. B , Baltimore MD 21206
Baltimore County
Alleluia Income Tax Service, 1055 Taylor Ave., Suite 212, Towson, MD 21286
ARPL Tax Services and More, 6737 Edwards Ave., Windsor Mill, MD 21244
Hitchye Tax & Business Cons Svc, 6350 Frederick Road, Suite C, Catonsville, MD 21228
Monique's Taxprep Services LLC, 4342 Tucker Circle, Halethorpe, MD 21227
Liberty Tax Service, 435 C Eastern Blvd., Essex
Liberty Tax Service, 201 Back River Neck Road, Middle River
Patricia's Bookkeeping and Accounting, 227 Mysticwood Road, Reisterstown, MD 21136
Quality Tax Service, 6 Woodstream Court, Owings Mills, MD 21117
Robinson Tax and Bookkeeping SRV, 4812 Liberty Heights Ave., Gwynn Oak, MD 21207
REMG Inc., 8715 Windsor Mill Road, Windsor Mill
Tax Plus, 727 Northrop Lane, Middle River, MD 21220
Tax Rite Services, 90 Shawgo Court, Middle River
Phenomenal Tax Service Corp., 1055 Ingleside Ave, Ste. 100, Baltimore
Swift Pro Tax Service, 10 Pine Cone Court, Nottingham
District of Columbia
BKPR Management, 110 Q St., Washington, DC 20001
Taxtime LLC/Speedy Tax Service,1002 H St., NE Washington DC 20002
Fred Accounting & Tax Services, 760 Morton St. NW, Washington, D.C.
Swift Tax Service, 1012 H St. NE, Washington, DC, and 3905 Benning Road NE, Washington, DC
OFAB LLC, 3938 Minnesota Ave. NE, Washington, DC 20019
Harford County
Abayomi Olobatuyi, 3310 Shrewsbury Road, Abingdon, MD 21009
Montgomery County
Dem Tax and Accounting Services, 2200 Predella Drive, Silver Spring, MD 20902
Dieudonne Sossoukpe, 18825 Sparkling Water Drive K, Germantown, MD 20874
Global Alliance Solution LLC, 21304 China Aster Court, Germantown, MD 20876
Integrated Multi Services, 1620 Elton Road, Ste. 204, Silver Spring, MD 20903
Japrhispanic LLC, 8626 Flower Ave. 1, Takoma Park, MD 20912
Liberty Tax Service, 11262 Georgia Ave., Wheaton
Marylis LLC, 113 Ellington Blvd., Apt. 421, Gaithersburg, MD 20878
Max Tax Service, 1019 University Blvd., Ste. 102, Silver Spring, MD 20903
Metrotax Services, 2443 Linden Lane, Silver Spring, MD 20910
Money Back Tax LLC, 11120 New Hampshire Ave., Ste. 506, Silver Spring, MD 20904
One Vision First (OVF) Consulting LLC, 8120 Fenton St., Suite 301b, Silver Spring, MD
Broadview Advisors and Co., Inc., 8757 Georgia Ave, Ste. 440, Silver Spring
Tax4All LLC, 6507 New Hampshire Ave., Takoma Park, MD 20912
Prince George's County
ALR Tax and Financial Services LLC, 76 Ritchie Road, Capitol Heights, MD 20743
Deldan Tax and Accounting Services, 9208 Fairlane Place, Laurel
Eze Tax Service LLC, 3601 Hamilton St., Hyattsville, MD 20782
Holmes Tax Services, 6495 New Hampshire Ave., Suite 120, Hyattsville, MD 20783
ICS Tax & Accounting Service , 8855 Annapolis Rd., Ste. 205, Lanham, MD 20703
Tax Relief Solution, 13042 Old Stagecoach Road, Laurel
KLS Tax Services, 18431 Shanna Drive, Accokeek, MD 20607
Liberty Tax Service, 8020 New Hampshire Ave., Langley Park
Liberty Tax Service, 5436 Marlboro Pike, District Heights, MD 20747
Irene's Taxes, 4610 Winterberry Lane, Oxon Hill
Griffin Financial, 1424 Colony Road, Oxon Hill
J & J Tax Service, 17205 Summerwood Lane, Accokeek
STES Tax Service, 5510 Cherrywood Lane, Greenbelt, MD 20770
Tax Central USA, 5515 Livingston Road, Ste. 200, Forest Heights
The Tax Store 101 LLC, 1508 Kingshill St., Bowie
Taxpoint Solutions,1401 Mercantile Ln, Ste. 383, Upper Marlboro MD 20774
Vasquez Tax Services, 2340 University Ave., Hyattsville, MD 20783
Yawn Tax and Tech Services LLC, 605 Halifax Pl, Upper Marlboro, MD 20774
Wicomico County
MD Tax Solution and Multi Services, 212 E. Main St., Ste. 208, Salisbury, MD 21801
Worcester County
Charles Multi Services, 216 Carson Court, Pocomoke City
Out-of-State
Evaniel Francois, 2124 Airport Road, Ste. 109, Naples, FL 34112
Eskindes Accounting and Tax LLC, 3379 Highway 5, Ste. K, Douglasville, GA 30135
JAE Establishments LLC, 3803 Gettysburg Road, Camp Hill, PA 17011
MSM DBA PTS Tax Service, 6790 W. Broad St., Douglasville, GA 30134
Sky Tax Service, 5981 Columbia Pike, Ste. 202, Falls Church, VA 22041
Trinity Supermarket Inc.,105 E. Pollock St., Mount Olive, NC 28365
United Tax Pro, 6969 Richmond Hwy, Ste. 204, Alexandria, VA 22306
Valentine Tax, 328 Jefferson Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11216
Verita's Efile Service Inc., 3 Centerview Drive, Greensboro, NC 27407, and 5720 Alameda, Baltimore, MD 21239
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) said Tuesday that those who leaked the contents of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's phone calls “belong in jail.”
“That's nine leakers that all belong in jail,” Nunes said. “Those nine people broke the law, clearly, by leaking classified information to anybody.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Flynn resigned late Monday night, after a Washington Post report on Feb. 9 said they had privately discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with a Russian ambassador during phone calls in December — despite assertions by Trump officials, including the vice president, that they had never done so.
The Post's report cited nine anonymous current and former officials “who were in senior positions at multiple agencies” who “had access to reports from U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies that routinely monitor the communications of Russian diplomats.”
“All of those officials said Flynn's references to the election-related sanctions were explicit,” the report said.
Nunes said they also wanted to know how U.S. intelligence agencies were wiretapping Flynn's calls, which they said may also have been illegal.
The chairperson said there are only two ways that intelligence agencies can listen in on an American's phone call — after obtaining a warrant, or inadvertently, such as in the case of Flynn speaking with a foreign official being spied on, which the report suggests was the case.
Nunes said “it's pretty clear” that there was no warrant.
“It's pretty clear that's not the case,” they said. “I'm pretty sure the FBI didn't have a warrant on Michael Flynn … To listen to an American's phone call you would have to go to a court, there'd be all that paperwork there. So I'm guessing that doesn't exist.”
In case Flynn was speaking to a foreign official — Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in this case — Nunes said there should have been a process to mask Flynn's identity.
“Unless it's a high-level national security issue, and then someone would have to unmask the name, someone at the highest levels, they'd have to unmask that name,” Nunes said. “It's a very high threshold to unmask an American citizen's name, that's a very high threshold, almost unprecedented. And if you were going to unmask it, it seems like you would immediately go get a warrant.”
“If they did that, how does all that get out to the public which is another leak of classified information,” they added. “Whoever did it, it's illegal.”
A Wall Street Journal editorial on Tuesday also questioned whether spies listening to Flynn broke the law.
The editorial said U.S. intelligence services routinely get orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to monitor foreign officials, but are supposed to use “minimization procedures” that don't let them listen to the communications of an American.
“That is, they are supposed to protect the identity and speech of innocent Americans. Yet the Washington Post, which broke the story, says it spoke to multiple U.S. officials claiming to know what Mr. Flynn said on that call,” the Journal said.
“The questions someone in the White House should ask the National Security Agency is why it didn't use minimization procedures to protect Mr. Flynn? Or did it also have a court order to listen to Mr. Flynn, and how did it justify that judicial request?” it added.
“If Mr. Flynn was under U.S. intelligence surveillance, then Mr. Trump should know why, and at this point so should the American public. Maybe there's an innocent explanation, but the Trump White House needs to know what's going on with Mr. Flynn and U.S. spies,” it said.
Nunes said they are seeking more information from the FBI on what happened.
“There's nothing to investigate until I know what happened,” they said.
South's building is strategically important to the development of the CBD.
South's building is strategically important to the development of the CBD. Picture: Google Maps
The future of the Souths Furniture building is expected to be heavily debated tonight following lengthy and sometimes heated discussion between Bunbury city councillors last week.
The owners of the CBD building approached the council about buying the Wellington Street property after closing down last year.
The council will tonight decide whether to accept the findings of a due diligence report and proceed with buying the building. In a briefing session last week, questions were raised over the possibility of future costs if the council was to go ahead with the purchase.
The council will be recommended to accept the findings and authorise chief executive officer Mal Osborne to finalise negotiations.
While the findings and price of the building are under wraps, the Herald understands the price tag could be more than $1 million.
Mayor Gary Brennan told the Herald they were confident in the report and they were looking forward to moving forward on the building.
“The council resolution at the moment is to purchase the building within a price range, subject to the acceptance of the due diligence report,” Mr Brennan said.
“In my view, the due diligence report is a robust document that has been prepared with input from a number of our professional staff and consultants and I'm looking forward to council proceeding.”
Mr Brennan said last week's lengthy discussion was part of the process.
“I respect the fact that elected members have a right to seek clarification from our professional staff on their reports to council,” they said.
“It's also very important for elected members to respect the professionalism, experience and knowledge of our officers in preparing and presenting reports to council.”
While the building was formally earmarked for potential inclusion in the city's planned Civic and Cultural Precinct, suggestions last week included demolition for a greenfield site or redevelopment for leasing.
“Council hasn't made any decision on the future of the building,” Mr Brennan told the Herald .
“First of all it's got to finalise the acquisition of the building and once that is made then the future possibilities can be explored by our officers.
“They'll bring reports back to council with recommendations based on robust research and consultation.”
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
The Hawaii Department of Health says it could be a year or more before the state's mumps outbreak finally subsides.
The Hawaii Department of Health says it could be a year or more before the state's mumps outbreak finally subsides.
Students at three Mililani schools got alternate lunches Friday after a school food service workers was diagnosed with mumps.
Students at three Mililani schools got alternate lunches Friday after a school food service workers was diagnosed with mumps.
A city employee who has been diagnosed with mumps came to the work at the Fasi Municipal Building for at least a day while in the infectious period, city officials have confirmed.
A memo sent to city employees said everyone should be aware of the situation because mumps is highly contagious.
The city is working to with the state to prevent the spread of the virus, the memo said.
While mumps spreads easily, it's mostly preventable with a two-dose vaccine.
Hawaii has been grappling with an ongoing mumps outbreak, which health officials say could last for another year.
As of Oct. 5, there have been 452 cases of mumps statewide this year.
The outbreak is the largest number of cases Hawaii has seen in decades. In all of 2016, Hawaii saw just 10 total cases of mumps.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Iron ore from Koolyanobbing made up 75 per cent of export tonnes through Esperance in the last financial year.
Iron ore from Koolyanobbing made up 75 per cent of export tonnes through Esperance in the last financial year. Picture: Kalgoorlie Miner
Cleveland-Cliffs will make the last shipment of iron ore from its Koolyanobbing operations near Southern Cross by the end of June with the potential loss of hundreds of jobs.
Cliffs formally notified contractors yesterday that it would wind down the 11 million tonne-a-year iron ore business by June 30, which provides work at the mine, along the railway and haulage route and at the Port of Esperance.
The US miner flagged in January the operations would close by the end of the year, blaming declines in profit caused by growing discounts from Chinese buyers for its lower-grade iron ore.
But the end has come sooner than expected, with Esperance Port operator Southern Ports informing employees yesterday that Cliffs had given it notification of the closure date.
Southern Ports chief executive Nicolas Fertin described it as a “big change”.
“As a result, the confirmation of this action will result in a big change not just to the port, but to the broader Goldfields-Esperance community,” they said in a memo to staff. “Our priority is to support our employees.
“As soon as we can, we will communicate directly with you to advise how this change will impact you, and the broader workforce.”
LEADERSHIP MATTERS: FMG's Elizabeth Gaines on WA and the future of the iron ore miner.
Iron ore from Koolyanobbing has been exported continuously through Esperance since 1994, and made up 75 per cent of its export tonnes in the last financial year.
About 130 Southern Ports staff are based in Esperance. Rail haulage contractor Aurizon, which employs about 90 people on the haulage route along with rolling stock and assets in Kalgoorlie and Esperance, said it would keep staff informed over the coming weeks.
“We will be working through operational issues as part of the ramp-down to June, including redeployment opportunities for our employees and for rolling stock,” a spokesperson for Aurizon said.
“A formal consultation process with employees on the required changes will comence in coming weeks.”
WestBusiness understands redundancies are expected at Arc Infrastructure, which owns and maintains the Leonora-Esperance railway line, on which Cliffs was a major customer.
Mining contractor BGC declined to comment yesterday.
Koolyanobbing's impending closure means the Yilgarn district west of Kalgoorlie-Boulder will be without any iron ore production for the first time since the early 1990s.
The McGowan Government in December knocked back Mineral Resources' bid to extend its nearby Carina Operations on the Helena Aurora Range on environmental grounds.
Dangal actor Zaira Wasim, 17, has alleged they were molested mid-air by a middle-aged man, drawing strong reactions by women rights activists and politicians. The airline apologized and Mumbai Police, which registered an FIR, arrested the accused on Sunday.
The National Award winning Kashmiri actor complained about their ordeal on the flight on Saturday, claiming that a middle-aged man seated behind them moved their foot up and down their neck and back.
In a self-shot video for an Instagram live chat, Zaira is also seen breaking down.
“I just landed, the whole irony of this that I yelled… and this is not done… this is not how you should be treated or made to feel. This is terrible.”
“This is how they will take care of girls? No one will help us if we don't decide to help ourselves and that is the worst thing,” they said, looking visibly disturbed.
Late on Sunday night, the Mumbai Police arrested the accused, identified as Vikas Sachdeva, 39. According to police, Sachedeva, a resident of Andheri, was earlier detained this afternoon and questioned before arrested for molestation and on other charges.
Trending
The incident drew wide condemnation.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said they were appalled.
“Any harassment or crime against women should be dealt with swiftly and effectively. As a mother of two daughters, I am appalled at what happened with Zaira,” Mufti tweeted and urged the authorities to take strict action.
Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said the passenger should be identified by Air Vistara and a case should be filed.
The Civil Aviation Ministry has sought a report on the incident while the National Commission for Women (NCW), as well as the Delhi and Maharashtra commisions for women, urged the actor to approach the police.
NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma, Swati Maliwal of the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) and Maharashtra State Commission for Women (MSCW) Chairperson Vijaya Rahatkar, issued notices to authorities concerned to take due action.
DCW has already sought answers from Vistara Airlines seeking details of the action taken by airlines.
Vistara Airlines apologized to Zaira and said it was carrying out a detailed investigation.
“We will support Wasim in every way required and also if they decide to report this matter to the police… We apologize for what Wasim experienced and we have zero tolerance for such behaviour,” read a post on the Airlines' official Twitter page.
From the film industry, director Onir and actor Swara Bhaskar came out in support of Zaira, who was also lauded for their performance in Secret Superstar.
“Shame Vistara that your staff did nothing. Shame on all the passengers, they are equally guilty as this moron. It should not be difficult for airlines to locate them from seat no. They should be arrested and punished,” Onir tweeted.
Swara slammed it an “intolerable” incident and said, “We are now at that point where a 17-year-old child has to remind us what is right and what is wrong. I'm so sorry that adults around you let you down, Zaira Wasim. But you keep up the good fight. Stay strong.”
FILE - In this March 6, 2018, photo a home across the street from the Apple campus is advertised as sold in Sunnyvale, Calif. On Tuesday, April 24, the Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index for February is released. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)
FILE - In this March 6, 2018, photo a home across the street from the Apple campus is advertised as sold in Sunnyvale, Calif. On Tuesday, April 24, the Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index for February is released. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. home prices jumped in February as buyers compete fiercely over a dwindling number of properties for sale.
The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller national home price index released Tuesday jumped 6.3 percent in February from a year earlier, matching December's increase. That jump was the largest in nearly three years.
Steady job gains and rising numbers of millennials moving out on their own has intensified the competition for homes. February's price gain far outpaces average increases in wages or inflation.
Americans are becoming reluctant to sell their homes as mortgage rates rise, preferring to renovate instead. Others are holding onto their homes because they see few other options available. That's kept supply tight: The number of homes for sale fell 7.2 percent in March from a year earlier to just 1.67 million.
Sales of existing homes ticked up in March but actually declined slightly from a year earlier as the housing shortage constrained sales.
Homebuyers are getting increasingly aggressive, snapping up homes an average of 30 days after they are listed in March, down from 34 days a year earlier.
"Competition is fierce, offer windows are short and tensions will inevitably run high for many buyers as the spring shopping season unfolds," Svenja Gudell, chief economist at real estate data website Zillow, said.
There are signs that the supply crunch could ease later this year, as listings have picked up in recent months, only to be quickly sold. And developers are breaking ground on more homes, lifting single-family home construction 5.2 percent in March compared with a year earlier.
Seattle, Las Vegas and San Francisco remain the nation's top real estate hot spots, with home prices jumping 12.7 percent in Seattle, 11.6 percent in Las Vegas and 10.1 percent in San Francisco.
Strong job gains in some cities, which hint at an influx of new residents, are pushing up home prices, Standard & Poor's said. Seattle reported the biggest increase in employment, and had the largest home price gain. Chicago ranked 19th out of the 20 cities tracked in both home price increases and employment. Cleveland came in at 18th place in home prices and 20th in employment.
But in San Francisco and Los Angeles, home prices are rising much faster than their job gains would suggest, a sign that regulatory limits on homebuilding and limited land availability are pushing prices eve higher.
This week in the Russia investigations: The much-talked-about memo finally made its public debut.
After a week of hyperpartisan madness that critics warn could shatter key D.C. institutions forever, the inescapable, once-secret spying memo wound up falling like a drop of rain into the Pacific Ocean.
There was no Friday Night Massacre in which the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department were pushed out the window or jumped on their own. The memo didn't even break much news — comments by members of Congress and reports in the press ended up setting the stage for it nicely.
But that doesn't mean it didn't have some points of interest, including these five takeaways.
1. The Steele dossier did not launch the DOJ Russia investigation. George Papadopoulos did
NPR and other news organizations have not detailed the infamous, unverified dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele because its allegations about President Trump and Russia are unproven. That is why allies of Trump in Congress have sought to make the case that it's the germ of the whole Russia matter.
By drawing attention to its salaciousness and the prospect that it could be the product of Russian intelligence disinformation, they have sought to argue: If it's the sum total of the case for alleged collusion with the Russians or an alleged conspiracy between the Trump 2016 campaign and agents of the Kremlin, there is no case here.
But it's not the sum total of the alleged conspiracy/collusion case.
And in fact, the memo prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, says that what "triggered" the FBI's investigation was evidence about onetime Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. They have pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russians.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos was offered dirt on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and high-level meetings with Russians early in the campaign. When that story — after a drunken night out at the pub — got back to Washington, D.C., the FBI opened its investigation. So it was already underway by the time the Steele dossier materialized.
2. Two consecutive administrations believed Carter Page worthy of foreign-intelligence monitoring
Carter Page, like Papadopoulos, was a junior foreign policy adviser to the Trump 2016 campaign. They visited Russia at least twice in 2016 and acknowledged in an earlier interview with the House Intelligence Committee that they had met with government officials and others there. The core of the memo is that the FBI and the Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court to authorize surveillance of Page.
Republicans say that is the real problem here. In their telling, biased investigators didn't tell the court the dossier material was unproven political opposition research that had been funded by Democrats. But the memo doesn't say whether there might have been other evidence beyond the dossier — foreign intelligence intercepts or reporting from human sources — that also supported the warrant request. (And Friday night, The Washington Post reported that the FISA court "was aware that some of the information underpinning the warrant request was paid for by a political entity, although the application did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign," according to two U.S. officials.)
The Nunes memo also doesn't say that the FISA court requires that a warrant produce intelligence in order to reauthorize it. So however the FBI got its initial warrant for Page, the Nunes memo suggests that once surveillance of Page started, it continued producing foreign intelligence.
Officials from FBI Director James Comey in 2016 to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who was appointed by Trump and still serves in the Trump administration — have signed successive applications for warrants, the memo says.
3. Christopher Steele is a never-Trumper
The former British intelligence officer and dossier author Christopher Steele has remained a silent cipher in the middle of the Russia imbroglio. They haven't been heard from publicly since their document exploded onto the scene.
The Nunes memo released on Friday, however, makes it clear that Steele was not a politically neutral actor.
Steele was commissioned by a Washington private intelligence company, Fusion GPS. It was hired first by conservative underwriters, then Democrats, to conduct opposition research about Trump in 2016. All the same, Fusion GPS' founder, Glenn Simpson, has told Congress that they did not instruct Steele to dig up dirt on Trump.
Rather, in their account, Simpson gave Steele an open-ended assignment to find out what they could from sources in Russia they had cultivated over their career. Steele, according to Simpson, was shocked by what they learned and volunteered on their own to report it all to the FBI.
Friday's memo complicates that picture. According to the Nunes memo, Steele told a contact at the Justice Department that they were "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president."
That, for Republicans, is more evidence that anti-Trump bias is at the bottom of the DOJ's Russia investigation. And the memo charges that although the FBI "recorded" Steele's feelings, it was "not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
Unlike the Nunes memo, however, those underlying documents, remain secret.
4. Some chains of events still aren't clear
Simpson told Congress that one reason Steele broke with the FBI, which the Nunes memo also describes, was they felt the bureau wasn't taking them seriously enough. And Steele was mystified, in Simpson's telling, by a story in The New York Times in which FBI officials said they had no clear link between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But that story appeared on Oct. 31, 2016 — 10 days after the FBI and DOJ applied for their warrant on Page, according to the memo declassified and released Friday. The evidence now shows the FBI certainly thought there was a connection, and it has since become clear the bureau had been running a counterintelligence investigation since July 2016.
Was the Times' story a sin of omission by the FBI or one of commission? Did the people who talked with Times reporters Eric Lichtblau and Steven Lee Myers not know about the investigative work that was then underway — or did they mislead the reporters because they wanted to protect their work and not spook potential targets of the investigation in Trump world?
Further confusing the matter is a Washington Post story from April 2017. It describes a FISA warrant targeting Page "last summer," based in part on their trip to Moscow and what it calls prior contacts with Russian intelligence operatives.
Does that mean the Oct. 21, 2016, warrant application referenced in the declassified memo was actually a reauthorization of an earlier one? There is no independent accounting of events at this time to clear up these questions.
5. Republicans want to redefine the Russia imbroglio
For the House Intelligence Committee's GOP majority, it's not a story about Americans potentially conspiring with a foreign attack on the democratic process. Instead, it's a story about abuse of power and a hapless martyr in Carter Page.
The memo saga sucked up all the oxygen in Washington, D.C., this week, but it remains to be seen whether it proves a tactical victory or a strategic one. Republicans' memo targeted the weakest aspect of the collusion storyline within the Russia imbroglio — a dossier that virtually no one defends — and singled out what they called politically biased FBI and Justice Department officials.
The collusion case has always been broader than the dossier. Several people in the Trump campaign had contacts with Russians, including Papadopoulos, Page, onetime Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn, now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., then-campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort hosted a delegation of Russians at Trump Tower in June 2016 following what was described to Trump Jr. as the Russian government's desire to support Trump's campaign by providing information about Clinton.
Trump's allies have pushed in all their chips on a strategy of tearing down federal law enforcement, within guardrails established by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to preserve the agencies' current leaders in their jobs. Trump has already fired one FBI director, James Comey, and reportedly wanted to fire the Justice Department's special counsel, Robert Mueller.
So although whatever Mueller's office yields will have been prefigured by months of attacks, including the Nunes memo, nothing in the document directly implicates Mueller or their current team. The question now is how much credibility Mueller, the FBI and DOJ will retain by the next time they act in their investigation.
Studies indicate that 1 in 100 people are certifiable sociopaths–people who have no conscience or empathy, unable to experience feelings aside from jealousy, envy, hatred and fear. Not all of them are serial killers. Many are professionals like politicians, lawyers, bankers and high level corporate executives. But criminal or CEO, sociopaths have some things in common you have to watch out for. There's a big list, but this is the big five:
They Have a Compelling Gaze
You might be flattered because their unwavering gaze is directed at you, and they make you feel like the most important person in the world. He's charming and appears to have all the confidence in the world. They balk at social constraints.
He's Too Good to Be True
They like EVERYTHING you like. You like anime? So does he. You're a history buff?  They are too. You want to visit the mountains of Tibet? They booked a ticket yesterday and wants you to come. This is all a ruse in order to hasten an emotional bond and attachment to them so they can use your feelings against you later.
They Have a Sob Story
The first test of your vulnerability to their manipulation is how you respond to their sob story. It could be a sad story about how they really wants to be married, but women constantly hurt him. There's a string of breakups, but they always frame the history so he's the victim. A sociopath often has no friends, or very few of them, because the parasitic behaviors they employ eventually run them all away.
They Come On Really Strong, Really Fast
Sociopaths want you to become attached really fast before you have a chance to see their mask slip off. They can't keep up the ruse forever, so it's in their best interest to get you to fall for them sooner than later.
They Rush the Sex
Sex is a weapon with sociopaths, so they are extremely skilled in battle. They know that women often get attached after sex, and the better they are, the more you want him.
Psst! Have you heard about our upcoming event on online dating, geared to help you get more interest and connections? Click here for more details. Slots are filling up fast.
Follow Christelyn on Instagram and Twitter, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. And if you want to be a little more about this online dating thing, InterracialDatingCentral is the official dating site for this blog.
LIVING ON THE EDGE Footage From A U-2 Spy Plane, The Most Difficult Aircraft In The World To Fly, Will Take Your Breath Away
Because the planes are routinely flown at altitudes over 70,000 feet, the pilot has to wear a full pressure suit similar to those worn by astronauts.
The LMP2 class has arguably been the closest class so far in the 2017 World Endurance Championship. With all of the teams running the same chassis/engine combination (ORECA 07-Gibson), the advantages found on race days have had to come from the setup and aero packages on the cars. The 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans sees a growth in the number of LMP2 cars taking to the grid, with 25 cars entering the class. This makes the LMP2 class the largest class in the prestigious endurance race and could see some intense battles between the different chassis.
Most of the additional LMP2 cars come over from the European Le Mans Series and add the Ligier and Dallara chassis to the competition. One team, #43 Keating Motorsports, has come from America and will run the sole Riley chassis at the 24-hour event.
After racing with Audi Sport in LMP1 for so many years, it has been a bit of a change for Oliver Jarvis in the 2017 WEC season. However, they have taken the change in class well, helping the #38 Jackie Chan DC Racing team lead the LMP2 Drivers Championship. They have their hopes high for the 24 Hours of Le Mans and feels confident that their team-mates and themselves can win the class in the #38.
However, #26 G-Drive Racing is not a car or team to forget about. Having scored a podium, second place, during the 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans the team is hoping to one better their result this year. The team has looked strong during the opening few races of the season and the new driver line-up appears to be working well for G-Drive.
Signatech Alpine won the 24 Hours of Le Mans last year and went on to take the LMP2 championship at the end of the year. They have shown great form in the Le Mans test that happened a fortnight ago, with the #35 entry topping to time sheet of both sessions.
With the LMP2 cars being much fastest this year, overtaking and moving through traffic has been at the forefront of discussion circulating the weekend. The main concern is that the drivers coming to the 24 Hours of Le Mans who have not raced in WEC this season will potentially cause issues out on track. As the top speed of the LMP2s is higher than the LMP1s, it is not as easy as it has been in the past for the LMP1 cars to pass the LMP2s on the straights.
The LMP1 laps times are still 10 seconds faster, and once passed the LMP1s will disappear down the road, but there is a bit more care needed in passing the cars in traffic. If an LMP1 catches an LMP2 at the wrong point on track their lap time could suffer because they may have to scrub speed in order for the pass to be done safely.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - In some versions of a story March 18 about the Vegas Golden Knights playing the Calgary Flames, The Associated Press erroneously reported the score. It was 4-0, not 3-0.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Karlsson's hat trick helps Vegas beat Flames 4-0
William Karlsson scored a natural hat trick to lead the Vegas Golden Knights to a 4-0 victory over the Calgary Flames
By W.G. RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - In a game that included William Karlsson's natural hat trick and Marc-Andre Fleury getting their 48th career shutout and 401st win, Vegas coach Gerard Gallant credited a hit by forward Ryan Reaves as the biggest play.
Barely two minutes into the second period, Reaves - acquired from Pittsburgh on Feb. 23 - flattened TJ Brodie with a blast that sidelined Calgary's defenseman the remainder of the game while sparking the Golden Knights' recent stagnant offense.
"That was the difference," Gallant said of Vegas' 4-0 win over the Flames on Sunday. "That changed the game around. It was a big, clean hit. Ryan's been here for 10, 11, 12 games with us right now and he's doing a good job, he's playing their role real good and that hit changed the game around for sure."
Colin Miller also scored as Vegas snapped a four-game home losing streak and improved to 25-9-2 at T Mobile Arena. In splitting its last four games, the Golden Knights had been outscored 15-10 and hadn't scored more than three goals in a game since a 4-0 win at Detroit on March 8.
"We weren't happy with the way we played over the last couple of weeks," Gallant said. "We had some real good games in there, we had some games where I thought we played OK and lost. Tonight I thought we had a tough first period and we played real good to battle back and win an important game."
Fleury, who made their 20th start in 21 games, stopped 42 shots for their fourth shutout of the season, They also moved into a tie with Chris Osgood for 12th on the NHL's career wins list.
"I thought we played well in our zone and came out as a group together and created that way as a team going down on the other side," Fleury said. "I could see most pucks, and that makes a big difference and when there (were) rebounds, they took their guys away. It's the little things that makes a big difference in a game."
Vegas improved to 3-0-0 against Calgary while outscoring the Flames 15-5. The teams meet once more, in the regular-season finale at Calgary on April 7.
Mike Smith stopped 27 shots as the Flames, one of the league's better road teams this season, dropped to 20-11-6 away from home.
"That team we're playing there, they can score," Calgary coach Glen Gulutzan said. "They got some juice from a mistake and they got their juice started with the power play. We just couldn't put one past them - especially early."
The Flames outshot the Golden Knights, 20-6, in the first period. But with the game scoreless early in the second, Brodie looked to clear the puck as they came from behind the net when Reaves leveled them and sent the 18,075 fans in attendance into a frenzy.
"I hope it got a little energy into the boys," Reaves said. "But big goals at big times, we needed to get the first one. We've been struggling to get the first goals the last couple of games, so getting the first one is even bigger. ... The last two games we've come out in the first period kind of lazy and waiting for the game to go, we did it again today. That's when I go and try and find a spark, whether it's a hit or a fight, or just getting in somebody's face, that's what I try and bring to the team."
Not too long after Reaves' thunderous hit, and with Vegas on the power play, Miller found the back of the net with a vicious slap shot from the point 5 1/2 minutes into the period. Vegas has scored at least one power-play goal in 18 of its last 27 games.
Less than one minute later, James Neal made a steal at the blue line, created space in Calgary's zone and fed a streaking Karlsson, who one-timed it to give Vegas a 2-0 lead.
Karlsson's second goal came after they set up near the left circle, took Jonathan Marchessault's pass from behind the net, and fired a shot that deflected off Smith's glove with just under seven minutes left in the middle period.
The 26-year-old center completed their natural hat trick when they took a pass from defenseman Nate Schmidt in Vegas' zone, skated the length of the ice and lifted a wrist shot over Smith's blocker to make it 4-0 with 5:11 remaining in the second.
"I just got the chances and managed to bury them, turned out to score three goals," Karlsson said. "We had that hit by Reavo, kind of got the momentum swing for us and I think we played great hockey after that. Those little things that can make a huge difference."
Karlsson moved to the top of the NHL list of Swedish players with 62 points this season. Karlsson's 39 goals bring them closer to tying Henrik Zetterberg's single-season mark for a Swedish-born player, with 43.
NOTES: Calgary's Matt Stajan is now two games shy of 1,000 for their career. ... Vegas' Pierre-Edouard Bellemare played in their 300th career game. ... Gallant is two wins away from their 200th.
UP NEXT
Calgary: Visits the Arizona Coyotes on Monday.
Vegas: Hosts the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
A new study conducted by researchers at Stanford, Harvard and the Census Bureau, finds that in 99 percent of neighborhoods in the United States, black boys earn less in adulthood than white boys who come from similar socioeconomic backgrounds. This undermines the widely-held belief that class, not race, is the most fundamental predictor of economic outcomes for children in the U.S.
The study looked at racial disparities in income over generations by looking at de-identified data from 20 million U.S. children and their parents. It tracked outcomes for Hispanic, white, Asian, black and Native Americans.
Nathaniel Hendren, who co-authored the study, told NPR's Leah Donnella that black and Native American children have the lowest rates of upward economic mobility. Whites and Asians came out at the top, they said. "For Asians and white children, we find very similar processes of mobility," Hendren said. "For Hispanics, we see slightly lower incomes for children at the same level of parent income."
The researchers found that the racial wealth gap applies even to the country's wealthiest families: Black children whose parents were in the top 1 percent of earners, with incomes at an average of $1.1 million, grew up to have incomes 12.4 percent lower than white children who grew up in households with similar incomes.
Hendren says for the U.S. as a whole, the odds of a child raised in the bottom fifth of the income distribution rising to the top fifth are about 7 percent. But that chance at upward mobility varies widely across race. The study found that about 11 percent of white children raised in the bottom fifth end up rising to the top. For black children, that number is 2.5 percent.
The results are also gendered. The income gap between black and white Americans, the study finds, is almost entirely driven by differences in earnings between black and white men. When the researchers controlled for parental income, they found black women earn slightly more than white women. Meanwhile, white men are far out-earning black men, even when they start out in families with similar income levels.
For Native Americans, Hendren says, the gender difference is not as stark, but low rates of upward mobility and high rates of downward mobility persist.
Advocates of programs that address the specific needs of black boys could see the study as an affirmation of their efforts. Will Jawando, who worked on Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper initiative, told The New York Times that this study "crystallizes and puts data behind this thing that we always knew was there, because we either felt it ourselves or we've seen it over time."
Neighborhoods are still a determining factor when it comes to adult earnings and life outcomes. That holds across race and ethnicity. But Hendren says the study finds a larger black-white wealth gap in the most affluent neighborhoods: "It suggests that policies ... that aim to reduce just residential segregation can help, and I certainly don't want to say those policies are not fruitful. But we can't stop there if we want to try to eliminate racial disparities."
Hendren said the study did identify a few neighborhoods where black and white children often reach parity as adults. They highlighted some suburbs of Washington, D.C., including Silver Spring, Md., as having relatively low degrees of racial bias among white people — one significant predictor of whether or not black boys will match watch boys in future earnings. Another factor present in the neighborhoods was high percentages of present black fathers, compared to the country as a whole. (The Times points out that this does not mean the presence of a black boy's father in their life has a direct effect on their eventual earnings; rather, the presence of black fathers in a community may help predict higher incomes for the black boys who grow up there.)
As for why the differences in wealth and mobility are most persistent among certain groups, Hendren suggests history might play a role. "Here, I'm speculating. But ... the two groups who happen to stand out – African-Americans and Native Americans – tend to be groups who have experienced a very different history in America," they say. "And so I think that does suggest thinking about the long-run historical processes that might have gotten us here."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK (AP) - Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt.
It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online. Toys R Us, for example, announced last week that it would close or sell all its stores after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year.
Claire's said it is "confident" it will emerge from bankruptcy protection in September, having reduced its debt by nearly $2 billion. It believes it can compete with the shift to online shopping, arguing that its "iconic ear piercing services are unmatched and cannot be replicated online."
Besides the Claire's chain, the company also operates Icing stores. Both sell earrings, lip gloss, iPhone cases and other accessories. Last year, it had more than 4,000 stores around the world.
Claire's, based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, said it has pierced more than 100 million ears since it began offering the service 40 years ago. The company was founded in the 1960s.
___
This story corrects that the company was founded in the 1960s.
A driver who used a stolen ute to ram an occupied police car before driving through paddocks, a residential property and a number of fences remains on the run in regional Victoria.
The ramming happened on Monday afternoon in West Bendigo as officers tried to intercept the South Australian registered 2013 white four-door Toyota Hilux, which was stolen from a house in nearby Maiden Gully the day before, police say.
No police officers were injured in the incident and the ute was later found dumped at Longlea with detectives continuing to search for the driver.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Orbital Corporation Ltd:
* ‍SECURES LEASE OVER PURPOSE BUILT FACILITY IN HOOD RIVER, OREGON TO SUPPORT CO‘S UAV BUSINESS IN UNITES STATES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Jacksonville Jaguars front office made it clear last offseason that they wanted to run the ball and do so effectively to help get their offense going. They drafted Leonard Fournette in the first-round of the 2017 NFL Draft to help them establish a new identity and the team ended up as the No. 1 rushing attack by season's end.
Due to the addition of guard Andrew Norwell, the Jags could very well find themselves with the No. 1 rushing attack again in 2018, and Pro Football Focus seems to think that Fournette will improve as a fantasy player as the result.
Leonard Fournette, RB, Jacksonville Jaguars While they were able to top 1,000 yards in their rookie season, Fournette averaged an uninspiring 3.9 yards per carry. We should see that number go up after the Jaguars added guard Andrew Norwell. Fantasy drafters should feel much more confident selecting Fournette in the back end of the first round.
In addition to having Norwell blocking for him, Fournette will also have one of the league's best centers blocking for them in Brandon Linder. According to PFF, Norwell finished 2017 with a run blocking grade of 83.4, while Linder finished with a run blocking grade of 83.1.
As for Fournette, their success will, of course, depend on how healthy they stay. If they can do that, the sky is the limit for him. They played in a total of 13 regular season games in 2017 and accumulated 268 carries for 1,040 rushing yards and nine touchdowns.
DAVID EGGERT
Associated Press
LANSING (AP) — The launch of Attorney General Bill Schuette's 2018 gubernatorial campaign may not be imminent, but the Republican clearly is preparing to run as they enter the final two years of a tenure that most recently has been dominated by their criminal investigation of Flint's water crisis.
Asked if they would run for governor, Schuette told The Associated Press in a recent interview that they intend to be “part of the conversation” about Michigan's next generation of leadership.
They focused on two “big” issues — the economy and education — and accused Democrats of wanting “to go back to the days of (former Gov.) Jennifer Granholm,” who served from 2002 through 2010 when the auto industry's home state was hit hard by a long-running recession.
“The people in Michigan, they want jobs and paychecks,” said Schuette, a 63-year-old former member of congress, state senator and appellate judge from Midland. “We don't want to go back to the heaviness of the behaviors of Obamacare and the failures of the Granholm administration.”
Without detailing specifics, they called for a review of state taxes. Gov. Rick Snyder and GOP lawmakers have enacted a series of business tax cuts while scaling back tax exemptions and credits for pensioners, low-income earners and taxpayers with children.
“If you look across the country, where most jobs are being built are where you can keep more of what you earn and the government takes less of what you make. I think that's an important ingredient as to how (in) Michigan we need to go to higher,” Schuette said.
They acknowledged the difficulty of winning the governorship given the cyclical nature of politics and voters' desire for “change.”
Republicans' control of the White House and Congress could be a bonus in 2018 for Democrats, who will have been out of power at the state level for eight years. The last time a gubernatorial candidate won Michigan and was from the same party as the president was 1990, when John Engler narrowly defeated two-term Democratic Gov. Jim Blanchard. Snyder cannot run again due to term limits.
“To get a third Republican term is not easy,” Schuette said. “It will be very difficult. But it needs to be about big ideas, bold ideas and it can't be small. It has to be, ‘How do you launch Michigan for another decade of growth in terms of jobs and paychecks and opportunity?' That needs to be the discussion.”
They said they were “really encouraged” by what Snyder, the GOP-led Legislature and other top Republicans have accomplished, but more must be done to keep people from leaving the state, to attract new residents and to grow the economy.
Schuette said education “is in many respects on a delivery system from the 1900s.” They lauded President-elect Donald Trump's selection of Michigan school-choice advocate and major GOP donor Betsy DeVos to be their education secretary. Democrats and unions say DeVos has undermined traditional public education by backing a failed voucher initiative and supporting the expansion of public funded charter schools.
Michigan has fared poorly compared to other states both on students' test scores and their academic improvement in the last decade.
“We need to give more students more opportunity, more choices, more options on how their parents want to provide them their educational launching pad,” Schuette said.
They characterized 2016 as “full,” citing the Flint probe and their work tied to processing untested rape-evidence kits, fighting human trafficking, addressing oil pipelines under the Straits of Mackinac and stopping the recount of Michigan's presidential vote.
Their ongoing, nearly yearlong investigation of how Flint's tap water became contaminated with toxic lead has led to charges against 13 current or former government officials, most recently two emergency managers that Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city and two Flint officials. The investigation is not over, though Schuette said “we're far closer to the end than the beginning.”
They have faced criticism both that higher-ranking members of Snyder's administration have not been charged or that those charged — and others who may be — never knowingly intended to endanger the public's health.
Lead from old pipes leached into the water supply for up to 18 months because corrosion-reducing phosphates were not added when the source was switched from a Detroit-area water system to the Flint River in 2014. The improperly treated river water also has been linked to a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak.
“People made serious mistakes,” Schuette said. “I think there are probably some out there who'd just as soon this would go away. … That's not right. I'm not going to ignore the 11 people that died. I'm not going to ignore the fact that children were poisoned. And I'm not going to brush aside the fact that there's people in Flint who've drinking bottled water for two years.”
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at http://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . Their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/author/david-eggert
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rick O'Brien has been on our staff since 1993, primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania. They focus on football and boys' basketball and baseball, with other events (Penn Relays, regattas on the Schuylkill, etc.) and some pro sports mixed in.
Despite Frankford's underwhelming hitting and sloppy fielding, Rico Lugo was confident that the tight-knit Pioneers would find a way to finish on top in Wednesday's Public League baseball final against Central.
“It's all about keeping it together and powering through,” the junior third baseman and leadoff man said. “We're a family. We don't give up on each other.”
Although they were held to five hits and committed four errors, the Pioneers captured their second straight league championship with a 5-4 victory over the Lancers at Richie Ashburn Field in FDR Park.
“It's not the way we usually play, but we just needed to stay in the game and make something happen,” Frankford coach Juan Namnun said.
Starting pitcher Luis Ramos' two-out, RBI single in the bottom of the sixth inning broke a 4-4 deadlock. “The pitch I hit was a change-up,” they said. “I stayed back on it and ripped it. When I saw the ball drop into left field, I was like, ‘Yeah, we got this.' ”
Lugo reached safely on an error to open the frame, moved to second base on Jason DeJesus' sacrifice bunt, and scored on Ramos' second RBI single of the afternoon.
The Pioneers won their fifth Public League crown in the last eight seasons and their 10th since 2000. “It feels awesome,” said Ramos, a junior southpaw who yielded four hits and two earned runs in 5 2/3 innings. “We started working toward this goal in October.”
Frankford (17-1) will take on La Salle (20-3) in the PIAA District 12 Class 6A final at 4 p.m. Friday at Abraham Lincoln.
With their sixth title in 14 seasons, Namnun eclipsed the five won by their predecessor, Bob Peffle. Namnun was Peffle's assistant for nine years. “That part of it is bittersweet for me,” Namnun said. “Bob is like a dad to me.”
Central grabbed a 2-0 lead in the first. The first run came on a passed ball and the second was courtesy of Eamon McCoubrey's RBI single.
The Lancers (18-5) upped their lead to 3-0 in the third on Brooks Ey's RBI groundout. Frankford cut the gap to 3-2 in the bottom half on DeJesus' RBI double and Tyler Montilla's RBI single.
The Pioneers moved ahead, 4-3, in the fourth. Lugo scored on a wild-pitch strikeout, and Ramos plated Dioanny Mejia with a single through the middle. Central evened things in the sixth when McCoubrey doubled to left and scored on a throwing error.
Sophomore righthander Abenego Santos took over for Ramos with two outs in the sixth and, after plunking a batter to load the bases, produced a clutch strikeout.
The Lancers, who were seeking their first title since they beat Frankford, 7-3, in 2010, were also hurt by four errors.
Central 201 001 0-4 5 4
Frankford 002 201 X-5 5 4
WP: Abenego Santos. LP: David Ortiz. 2B: C-Eamon McCoubrey; F-Jason DeJesus.
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind'
Brett Brown urges Sixers to have 'more of a playoff mind' Mar 19
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004. They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years. Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports.  They are a native Philadelphian, a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association.
Sixers' Robert Covington early celebration against the Hornets during the 4th quarter at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Monday, March 19, 2018. Sixers beat the Hornets 108-94.
The 76ers, once again, produced in the clutch to nab a victory.
Led by Ben Simmons, they produced 13-0 run in the fourth quarter to defeat the Charlotte Hornets, 108-94, Monday night at the Wells Fargo Center.
The Sixers point guard assisted on the four made baskets before capping the run with a pair of foul shots.
Simmons finished with 11 points, 15 assists and 12 rebounds for their ninth triple-double of the season. The Australian also had zero turnovers in 33 minutes of action.
“That was probably the easiest triple-double I've had because they were hot. My teammates were hot,” they said. “Finding guys, if they are sagging off me, I'm just going to find my guy, set a screen. He's wide-open.
“So the reason it seems easy for me is because they make it easy for me.”
Simmons added that coach Brett Brown put the right players around them to succeed.
That's obvious, as reserve guard Marco Belinelli, who finished with 21 points while making 5 of 9 three-pointers, was the beneficiary of five of their assists. The Sixers signed them on Feb. 12 to add perimeter shooting.
But Simmons was productive before Belinelli arrived. This night marked the rookie's 19th 10-assist game of the season, which passed Allen Iverson's franchise rookie record.
Simmons also has the most 10-assist games by any league rookie since Washington point guard John Wall had 25 in 2010-11.
They moved ahead of Magic Johnson for the second most triple-doubles by a rookie when they posted their eighth against the New York Knicks on Thursday. Oscar Robertson produced a rookie-record 26 as a Cincinnati Royal during the 1960-61 season.
“It's kind of surreal,” they said of being mentioned with all-time greats. “I think during the season it's kind of hard to take it all in and accept what's happening and appreciate it because so much is going on.
“We are worrying about playoffs and winning games. It's surreal to hear things like that. But I have a long way to go.”
#Sixers PG @BenSimmons25 talks to @phillysport during a postgame one-on-one about what they called their easiest triple-double of the season. pic.twitter.com/7N62EW4NHR — Keith Pompey (@PompeyOnSixers) March 20, 2018
However, they and Joel Embiid showed, once again, why they're arguably the league's top young tandem.
Embiid finished with a game-high 25 points to go with a career-high-tying 19 rebounds and four blocks. They did, however, have nine of the Sixers' 15 turnovers.
Robert Covington added 18 points while making 4 of 9 three-pointers.
Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with 24 points.
Charlotte center Dwight Howard (10 points) basically blamed the loss on the officiating. They felt like the Sixers — in particular Embiid — received a lot of calls. Howard finished with five fouls in 28 minutes.
However, the Sixers were called for 22 personal fouls compared to 12 by the Hornets. Charlotte also was 24 for 30 from the foul line, while the Sixers made 6 of 8.
But …
“I thought it was crap the whole night,” Howard said. “I thought the referees did a good job of trying to keep players out of the game. I don't think it was fair calls all night. It's not cool. I think that really got the momentum for the other team. The officiating hasn't been that bad all year. So I was pretty upset about that.”
This marked the third straight time the Sixers (39-30) used a late run to win a game. It happened Friday against Brooklyn Nets and Thursday against the Knicks.
In the process, the Eastern Conference's sixth-place team pulled within a half-game of the fifth-place Wizards with 13 games remaining.
Meanwhile, the Hornets (30-41) have lost two straight and eight of their last 10 games.
Ben Simmons has their 19th 10-assist game this season, passing Allen Iverson for the most by a rookie in 76ers history. Simmons' 19 such games are the most by ANY rookie since John Wall (25) in 2010-11. pic.twitter.com/y0fgnOim7A — ESPN Stats & Info (@ESPNStatsInfo) March 20, 2018
The Sixers went on to score their decisive points after the Hornets knotted the score at 88 on Malik Monk's dunk with 6 minutes, 16 seconds remaining.
Belinelli started the Sixers' 13-0 run with a jumper. Covington followed that up with a pair of three-pointers before Belinelli added one. Simmons assisted on all four shots before capping the run with a pair of foul shots with 3:42 left to make it a 101-88 game.
Not bad for a guy who played power forward in their lone season at Louisiana State.
“I didn't know what to expect,” Simmons responded, asked if they knew the transition would be this easy. “I knew I would be able to make plays. But I just wasn't sure. I think it's getting easier for me the more I play with these guys over time.”
The Sixers looked sluggish in the first half, trailing 56-49. However, things changed in the third quarter.
They took an 81-70 lead into the fourth quarter after outscoring the Hornets, 32-14, in the third quarter. The Sixers did that with a defensive effort that coach Brett Brown was proud of.
Charlotte made just 19 percent (4 of 21) of their shots in the quarter. Jeremy Lamb made 2 of 5. Walker hit 1 of 5, and Dwayne Bacon was 1 of 2. The rest of the squad went 0-for-9.
Meanwhile, the Sixers made 52.2 percent of their shots while going 7 of 14 on three-pointers in the quarter.
However, the Hornets opened the fourth quarter on an 18-7 run that tied the score at 88.
The Sixers finished with 30 assists on 42 made baskets. But Simmons was definitely the star of the night.
“I think people get caught up in how many points I score every game,” they said. “It's not about that. It's about the amount of points is are getting as a team and how many stops we get and how many points we allow the other team to get.
“People are always going to say I need to do certain things, but I know what I'm capable of and what I'm really good at.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Former chairperson of Golkar party, M Jusuf Kalla has expressed their happiness over the additional seats for Golkar in the working cabinet, following the inauguration of Idrus Marham as the new social affairs minister.
“This is good for Golkar,” Kalla who is now serve as vice president, stated after attending the swearing-in ceremony of new top officials at the State Palace, here, on Wednesday.
Two senior politicians of Golkar, namely Airlangga Hartarto and Marham, have been included in the working cabinet of the Joko Widodo (Jokowi) administration.
Hartarto, the current general chairperson of Golkar, is the industry minister.
Hartarto was already a minister when they were appointed as general chairperson of Golkar on Dec 14, 2017, to replace Setya Novanto, they remarked earlier.
“We already know that Hatarto is a minister. Only one year is left. If a new person is appointed, they would need six months to learn, and if (he) is not a fast learner, it would take another year,” the head of state explained.
The president noted that Hartarto had complete understanding of the industry sector and had mastered it.
On Wednesday morning, the president swore in Marham, the secretary general of Golkar Party, as the social affairs minister to replace Khofifah Indar Parawansa, who had resigned to contest for the post of East Java governor in the upcoming regional head elections.
Jokowi is eying a second term in office by winning the Presidential Election in 2019.
Bambang Soesatyo, a senior politician of Golkar, is now the speaker of the House of Representatives.
Political observer Yusa Djuyandi opined that Jokowi has appointed more Golkar politicians as their ministers to ensure that the House of Representatives (DPR) remains conducive to support their government's policies.
“Additional seats for the Golkar in the cabinet will significantly facilitate the government's policies, as Jokowi certainly wants the DPR to remain conducive by supporting the executives' policies,” they noted here on Wednesday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LONDON, April 10 The second-biggest shareholder in mining company BHP Billiton said an overhaul of the company's structure suggested by activist hedge fund Elliott Advisors was OK in principle but may prove complex.
"(The) principle is OK. Detail and resultant uplift to shareholders might be more complex/less obvious," said Aberdeen Asset Management's Head of Equities Hugh Young in emailed comments.
Earlier on Monday, Elliott said it had sent a letter to BHP Billiton directors outlining a plan to unlock value by scrapping the mining giant's dual-corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy.
Aberdeen is the second-biggest investor in the firm's London-listed shares, with a holding worth $1.3 billion, Thomson Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Simon Jessop and Barbara Lewis; editing by Carolyn Cohn)
Researchers have modelled the actions of electrons under extreme temperatures and densities, such as those found within planets and stars.
The work could provide insights into the behaviour of matter in fusion experiments, which may one day lead to a sought-after source of clean energy.
Electrons are an elementary component of our world and determine many of the properties of solids and liquids. They also carry electrical current, without which our high-tech environment with smartphones, computers and even light bulbs would not be possible.
Despite their ubiquity, scientists have not yet been able to accurately describe the behaviour of large numbers of interacting electrons.
This is especially true at extreme temperatures and densities, such as inside planets or in stars, where the electrons form 'warm dense matter'. Scientists have plenty of approximate models to choose from, but little idea of their accuracy or reliability.
Now, a research team comprising groups from Imperial College London, Kiel University, Los Alamos, and the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in the US, has succeeded in describing electrons under these extreme conditions by means of accurate simulations.
Their research findings, which solve a decades-old problem in physics, are published in the journal Physical Review Letters.
Professor Matthew Foulkes, from the Department of Physics at Imperial, said: "It took five years and a team of scientists from three countries to develop the new techniques necessary to describe warm dense matter accurately.
"Now, at last, we are in a position to carry out accurate and direct simulations of planetary interiors; solids under intense laser irradiation; laser-activated catalysts; and other warm dense systems.
"This is the beginning of a new field of computational science."
How electrons behave on a 'large scale' - for example the relation between electrical voltage, resistance and current - is often easy to describe. On a microscopic level, however, the electrons in liquids and solids behave differently, according to the laws of quantum mechanics.
These electrons behave like a quantum mechanical 'gas', which can only be understood by solving the complicated mathematical equations of quantum theory.
In the past, simulations were only able to describe the electron gas at very low temperature. Recently, however, there has been growing interest in matter under extreme conditions - ten thousand times warmer than room temperature and up to a hundred times denser than conventional solids.
In nature, this warm dense matter occurs inside planets, including the Earth's core. It can also be created experimentally in a laboratory, for example by targeted shooting of solid matter with a high-intensity laser, or with a free electron laser such as the new European XFEL in Hamburg.
Warm dense matter is also relevant for experiments with inertial confinement fusion, where fuel pellets are put under extreme pressure. This can cause chain reactions that could provide a virtually unlimited source of clean energy in the future.
Earlier theories of warm dense matter behaviour used models based on approximations that are difficult to verify. However, by using sophisticated computer simulations in this latest work, the physicists are now able to precisely solve the complex equations that describe the electron gas.
The team have achieved the first complete and final description of the thermodynamic properties of interacting electrons in the range of warm dense matter. Professor Michael Bonitz, professor of theoretical physics and head of the Kiel research team, said: "These results are the first exact data in this area, and will take our understanding of matter at extreme temperatures to a new level."
"Amongst other things, the 40-year-old existing models can now be reviewed and improved for the first time."
The team hope the extensive data sets and formulas built up in the project will be important for comparison with experiments and will provide input into further theories, helping other scientists in their research.
###
“I was fired by Google this past Monday for a document that I wrote and circulated internally raising questions about cultural taboos and how they cloud our thinking about gender diversity at the company and in the wider tech sector,” James Damore writes in The Wall Street Journal. “I suggested that at least some of the male-female disparity in tech could be attributed to biological differences (and, yes, I said that bias against women was a factor too). Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai declared that portions of my statement violated the company's code of conduct and ‘cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace.'”
“My 10-page document set out what I considered a reasoned, well-researched, good-faith argument, but as I wrote, the viewpoint I was putting forward is generally suppressed at Google because of the company's ‘ideological echo chamber,'” Damore writes. “My firing neatly confirms that point. How did Google, the company that hires the smartest people in the world, become so ideologically driven and intolerant of scientific debate and reasoned argument?”
“We all have moral preferences and beliefs about how the world is and should be. Having these views challenged can be painful, so we tend to avoid people with differing values and to associate with those who share our values. This self-segregation has become much more potent in recent decades. We are more mobile and can sort ourselves into different communities; we wait longer to find and choose just the right mate; and we spend much of our time in a digital world personalized to fit our views,” Damore writes. “Echo chambers maintain themselves by creating a shared spirit and keeping discussion confined within certain limits… But echo chambers also have to guard against dissent and opposition. Whether it's in our homes, online or in our workplaces, a consensus is maintained by shaming people into conformity or excommunicating them if they persist in violating taboos. Public shaming serves not only to display the virtue of those doing the shaming but also warns others that the same punishment awaits them if they don't conform.”
“It saddens me to leave Google and to see the company silence open and honest discussion,” Damore writes. “If Google continues to ignore the very real issues raised by its diversity policies and corporate culture, it will be walking blind into the future — unable to meet the needs of its remarkable employees and sure to disappoint its billions of users.”
Much more in the full article here.
Kylie Jenner wants "more privacy" now they are pregnant.
The 20-year-old television personality, who is reportedly expecting a baby girl with their boyfriend Travis Scott, prefers to stay indoors and have their friends and family come to visit them in the comfort of their own home because they want to stay out of the public eye during their pregnancy.
Speaking about the 'Life Of Kylie' star to PEOPLE, a source said: "Kylie prefers to stay home. They feel good, but their body is changing. They don't want to be photographed. At the moment, they want more privacy. They have family and friends come to their house instead so they have company."
Although the Kylie Cosmetics founder - who is the youngest of the Kardashian/Jenner brood - wants to keep a low profile in the upcoming weeks, they are believed to be "very excited" about motherhood as they talk about their baby "nonstop" and is shopping like "crazy" for their first child.
The insider continued: "She is very excited about the baby though. "She talks about the baby nonstop.  They are already shopping like crazy."
The beauty mogul is not the only member of the family who is starting a family, as Kylie's older half sister Khloe Kardashian, 33, is pregnant with them and Tristan Thompson's child, whilst Kim Kardashian West is having a third child via a surrogate.
Although three of the siblings are pregnant, there is reportedly "no jealousy" between any of them, as they all hope as the babies grow up they will have more of a sibling bond.
A separate source previously said: "Kim is really into the idea of a bunch of babies being born around the same time. They think they'll be more like sisters than cousins. Everyone in the family is just thrilled about the whole thing."
NASA's Terra satellite provided infrared data on Subtropical Depression Alberto when it was centered over Indiana and as it moved through the Ohio Valley.
On May 30, The National Weather Service (NWS) was issuing Flash Flood Warnings for portions of western Kentucky as well as from extreme northeast Georgia to western North Carolina. Flash Flood Watches are in effect for portions of the southern Appalachians and Lower Ohio Valley.
At 11 a.m. EDT the center of Subtropical Depression Alberto was located near latitude 38.7 degrees north and longitude 87.4 degrees west. That's about 80 miles (129 km) southwest of Indianapolis, Indiana. The depression is moving toward the north-northeast near 17 mph (28 kph) and this motion is expected to accelerate today. Maximum sustained winds are near 30 mph (45 kph) with higher gusts.
The NWS Weather Prediction Center in College Park, Maryland said the system will transition to an extratropical wave cyclone as the remnant circulation comes under the influence of an upper level trough moving across the Great Lakes and southern Canada through Thursday.
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer or MODIS instrument aboard NASA's Terra satellite captured an infrared image of Subtropical Depression Alberto on May 30 at 12:15 p.m. EDT (1645 UTC) in the Ohio Valley. Terra showed the strongest storms had cloud top temperatures as cold as or colder than minus 63 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 53 degrees Celsius). Storms with cloud tops that could have been shown to generate heavy rain.
NWS said "Additional rainfall of 2 to 4 inches, with isolated higher amounts, will be possible northward along the Illinois/Indiana border into the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. Flash flooding and rapid water rises on creeks and streams will remain a possibility across these areas."
###
For updated forecasts visit: http://www. nhc. noaa. gov
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the update, the investigation has concluded that the accident had been caused by one of the three composite overwrapped pressure vessels (COPVs) inside the second stage liquid oxygen tank failing.
“SpaceX is targeting return to flight from Vandenberg's Space Launch Complex 4E (SLC-4E) with the Iridium NEXT launch on January 8,” the company said in an update on the investigation into the September 1 “anomaly”.
The company also said it intends to make all launches previously scheduled for 2017.
On September 1, a SpaceX-built Falcon 9 rocket with a commercial satellite on board exploded during fueling on the launch pad at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× 2nd jury deadlocks on DUI charges in crash that injured boy
SAN DIEGO – For the second time, a jury has deadlocked on DUI and hit-and-run charges against a Mexican citizen accused of causing a crash that seriously injured a 6-year-old boy.
Constantino Banda, a Mexican citizen accused of driving drunk and causing a hit-and-run collision in San Ysidro that seriously injured a 6-year- old boy.
The jury in the retrial told the judge Monday that members were unable to agree on a verdict. They had been deliberating since last Wednesday.
A jury in Banda's first trial also deadlocked on the DUI and hit-and-run charges, but they found Banda guilty of misdemeanor battery, vandalism and driving without a license.
This developing story will be updated as more information becomes available.
Ellen DeGeneres couldn't help but shed tears on the set of “The Ellen Show” Thursday when wife Portia de Rossi gave them a very special birthday present for their 60th birthday.
“It's your 60th birthday and this gift had to be really special and it had to represent who you are and what you really care about,” Portia told them “Not just now, but what you've always cared about.
De Rossi played a video showing scenes from the life of Dian Fossey, one of Ellen's personal idols since they were a child. Fossey is well known for their work defending and documenting the mountain gorillas of Rwanda's Virunga Mountains.
DeGeneres, who has worked for years to help rescue animals around the world, has said for the last two years that they wish they could be doing more, de Rossi said. That was the inspiration for the gift that brought tears to their wife's eyes.
“So for your birthday, Ellen, I am bringing you and your hero, Dian, together by building The Ellen DeGeneres Campus of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund,” Portia said. “Ellen, you will carry on Dian's legacy by giving them a permanent home in Rwanda. Now, you will join Dian as a protector and champion of these amazing animals, the mountain gorillas.
Not only that, Portia has also created The Ellen DeGeneres Wildlife Fund to help protect vulnerable species around the world.
“When we got married Portia's line was it's good to be loved, it's profound to be understood, and they understand me because that is the best gift anybody could have given me,” Ellen said.
KIM Kardashian has been damned if they do and damned if they don't for a while now.
And sure, in the case of them promoting appetite suppressants to their millions of fans as they did in recent weeks, they deserve to be damned and criticised. It was, at best, irresponsible and, at worst, highly dangerous to the health of vulnerable followers.
But when it comes to their meeting with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, the condemnation and backlash she's received is nothing short of ridiculous.
The 37-year-old reality star wasn't in Washington to talk about waist trainers or flattering selfie angles or how crazy a place Twitter can be. They were there to implore the President and their son-in-law turned prison reform adviser Jared Kushner to pardon Alice Marie Johnson — a grandmother with no prior criminal record who is currently 22 years into the life without parole sentence they received after being found guilty of committing nonviolent drug related crimes in the 1990s.
Camera Icon Kim Kardashian's meeting with the President and their son-in-law reportedly lasted just under an hour. (Pic: Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Picture: AP
Whether you support Johnson's cause or not, surely using their star power and money (Kardashian is personally funding a new legal team to support Johnson's appeals) to help someone is a good thing.
Yes, Trump is not a President that many celebrities outside of Roseanne Barr and Kardashian's own husband would want to be associated with, but this issue is bigger than who is in the White House and what party they represent. This is someone's life. This is someone's mother and grandmother. This is someone who has potentially been denied justice by their country's legal system. And given their father was a lawyer, it's hardly surprising that Kardashian has a keen interest in this kind of social justice issues.
Camera Icon Kim Kardashian is advocating for the release of Alice Marie Johnson, pictured. (Pic: Change.org Picture: Supplied
She's also, despite what many reports would have people believe, not an idiot. Kardashian knows that their name opens doors and that as such, they can use that to the advantage of themselves and other's like Johnson, who would otherwise likely be ignored. In organising the meeting, Kardashian reportedly reached out to Trump's daughter, Ivanka, who helped set up the hour-long conversation. Sure, it's skipping the line and due process, but again, it's someone's life in prison, and if Johnson was our mother or aunty or best friend, we'd likely line up to take that kind of support if it were to be offered.
As a self-made celebrity himself, it's highly likely that Trump was more willing to listen to what Kardashian had to say than an actual prison reform advocacy expert. That may be depressing and a little bit sad to realise, but that's not Kim Kardashian or Alice Marie Johnson's fault. So why are we condemning them so much?
Kim Kardashian might not be perfect.  They are flawed and contradictory and frustratingly problematic.
But would we really rather they give up fighting for social justice and supporting causes that largely impact on minority populations within the US and go back to spruiking lollipops?
Katy Hally is a writer and producer at RendezView.
Follow them on Twitter @katyhallway.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
The Syrian Foreign Ministry has responded to the United States' claims of chemical weapons use by the government forces in the clashes with militants in Eatern Ghouta.
The US accusations of chemical weapons use in Eastern Ghouta are groundless, the Syrian Foreign Ministry said adding that Damascus strognly condemned such statements.
On January 26, Syrian opposition reported the alleged use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government forces in eastern Ghouta. Damascus denied the allegations.
However, on February 2, US Secretary of Defense James Mattis says investigators are looking into reports that the Syrian government used sarin gas in recent chemical attacks, but there is no evidence of the gas usage so far.
© AP Photo/ Andrew Harnik Tillerson: US Holds Russia Responsible for Chemical Weapons in Syria
"We do not have evidence," Mattis told reporters, as quoted by Politico on Friday.
Mattis added it appears chlorine was used in the attacks, but "we are even more concerned about the possibility of sarin use."
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
We use specialized nerve cells for spatial orientation. The place cells fire whenever we stay in a particular place. The grid cells, on the other hand, measure distances and play a crucial role in "path integration". So much for the theory. Scientists from the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) and the University Hospital Heidelberg have now, for the first time, provided experimental proof of this. For this purpose, they studied mice with defective grid cells. The more grid cells were impaired, the harder it was for the rodents to navigate in space.
One of the most complex accomplishments of our brain is spatial orientation. Our inner GPS helps us find our car that we have parked three roads down or find the way to our office without getting lost. To accomplish this, the brain uses various cell types including place cells and grid cells. Place cells tell the brain the current position. Scientists have already been able to confirm this in experiments. Grid cells collaborate with the place cells. But their exact function has been a matter of theoretical speculation so far.
"It has been proposed for a long time that grid cells are responsible for measuring distances and for path integration," says Hannah Monyer, neuroscientist at the German Cancer Research Center (Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum, DKFZ) and at the University Hospital Heidelberg. "Now we have finally provided experimental proof of this."
Path integration is a term referring to the ability to construct a virtual map of one's environment using velocity and direction of movement. In other words: If one has traveled a path from A via B to C, path integration also helps find the direct path from A to C.
A research group led by Mariana Gil from Monyer's team conducted an experiment where mice had to prove their navigation skills in a swimming test. The test was performed in two phases. First, the mice swam to a platform through a straight or L-shaped corridor. In the second round, the corridor was removed and the mice had to find the platform again relying solely on their spatial orientation skills. To prevent the animals from using visual or auditory signals for navigation, the room was darkened and confounding noise was played. "Mice are good swimmers, but they will not stay in water longer than necessary and therefore try to reach the saving platform as quickly as possible," explains Monyer.
Mice with intact grid cells solved this task straight away without problems. Mice with defective grid cells had difficulties. The more grid cells were impaired and disrupted in their activity, the more the route deviated from the optimum path. "Our experiment proves that grid cells in fact accomplish path integration, said Monyer.
The animals performance remained constant throughout the test runs. This shows that the animals do not learn orientation; it is an innate behavior.
In order to rule out that the mice with intact grid cells simply were particularly smart, the same test was subsequently performed in a modified arrangement. This time, the room was lightened and the platform was marked with a little flag. Now all the mice, including those with impaired grid cells, showed similarly good results.
The mice in this experiment only had to cover short distances of about one meter. "Migratory birds flying from Germany to Africa probably use other mechanisms for navigation," Monyer admits. "But we think that in humans, grid cells are also responsible for enabling us to find the most direct way from A to C!" Next, Hannah Monyer and their colleagues want to investigate the role of grid cells in spatial learning and memory.
Grid cells are found in the entorhinal cortex; place cells are located within the hippocampus. The two brain regions are closely linked with each other. Cells that resemble place cells and grid cells have also been found in the human brain in these regions. In 2014, the discovery of these cells in rodents was honored with the Nobel Prize for Medicine.
###
Mariana Gil, Mihai Ancau, Magdalene I. Schlesiger, Angela Neitz, Kevin Allen, Rodrigo J. De Marco, and Hannah Monyer: Impaired path integration in mice with disrupted grid cell firing. Nature Neuroscience 2017, DOI 10.1038/s41593-017-0039-3
FILE - In this March 15, 2013, file photo, a Facebook employee walks past a sign at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. The San Jose Mercury News reports Saturday, March 17, 2018 that building permits compiled by Buildzoom show Facebook plans to erect the 465,000 square-foot (43,200 square-meter) building at its campus in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)
FILE - In this March 15, 2013, file photo, a Facebook employee walks past a sign at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif. The San Jose Mercury News reports Saturday, March 17, 2018 that building permits compiled by Buildzoom show Facebook plans to erect the 465,000 square-foot (43,200 square-meter) building at its campus in Menlo Park, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)
LONDON (AP) - Lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic criticized Facebook and its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, after reports surfaced that another company, Cambridge Analytica, improperly harvested information from 50 million Facebook users.
A British lawmaker accused Facebook on Sunday of misleading officials by downplaying the risk of users' data being shared without their consent.
Conservative legislator Damian Collins, who heads the British Parliament's media committee, said they would ask Zuckerberg or another Facebook executive to appear before their panel, which is investigating disinformation and "fake news."
Collins said Facebook has "consistently understated" the risk of data leaks and gave misleading answers to the committee.
"Someone has to take responsibility for this," they said. "It's time for Mark Zuckerberg to stop hiding behind their Facebook page."
Collins also accused the head of the U.K.-based data firm Cambridge Analytica, Alexander Nix, of lying. Nix told the committee last month that their firm had not received data from a researcher accused of obtaining millions of Facebook users' personal information.
In Washington, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat from Minnesota, said on Twitter that Zuckerberg "needs to testify before Senate Judiciary."
"This is a major breach that must be investigated," Klobuchar, a member of the Judiciary Committee, said. "It's clear these platforms can't police themselves."
Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, echoed Klobuchar's complaint.
"This is more evidence that the online political advertising market is essentially the Wild West," they said. "It's clear that, left unregulated, this market will continue to be prone to deception and lacking in transparency."
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said on Twitter that "Massachusetts residents deserve answers" and announced that their office will investigate.
The officials reacted to reports in The New York Times and The Guardian of London that Cambridge Analytica, which is best known for working on President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, had improperly obtained Facebook user data and retained it after claiming it had deleted the information.
Former Cambridge Analytica employee Chris Wylie said that the company obtained information from 50 million Facebook users, using it to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Wylie told Britain's Channel 4 news that the company was able to amass a huge database very quickly from an app developed by an academic that vacuumed up data from Facebook users who agreed to fill out a survey, as well as their friends and contacts - a process of which most were unaware.
"Imagine I go and ask you: I say, 'Hey, if I give you a dollar, two dollars, could you fill up this survey for me, just do it on this app', and you say, 'Fine,'" they said. "I don't just capture what your responses are, I capture all of the information about you from Facebook. But also this app then crawls through your social network and captures all of that data also."
Wylie said that allowed the company to get roughly "50 million plus" Facebook records in several months and they criticized Facebook for facilitating the process.
"Why Facebook didn't make more inquiries when they started seeing that, you know, tens of millions of records were being pulled this way, I don't know," they said.
Lawmaker Collins said they would summon Nix to reappear before the Parliament committee.
"It seems clear that they have deliberately misled the committee and Parliament by giving false statements," Collins said.
__
AP Business Writer Christopher Rugaber contributed to this story from Washington.
HARRISON TOWNSHIP — A high school softball coach in Macomb County is being accused of sending sexual messages to a 15-year-old female player via social media, according to authorities. Jared Harris, 23, of Fraser, was the junior varsity softball coach at Anchor Bay High School. Harris and the rest of the team were part of a group chat on a social messaging application, but they started to send private messages to a 15-year-old player, police said.
Harris is accused of making sexual comments and sending pictures of themselves in private messages to the girl, which began about a month ago, police said.
Macomb County detectives investigated the case, searched several social media accounts and forwarded their findings to prosecutors. A warrant was issued for Harris on one count of accosting a child for immoral purposes and one count of using a computer to commit a crime.
Click here to continue.
Each of their first three albums, says Jerrod Niemann, were meant to be “a 40-minute vacation” chock full of uptempo, party-hearty tunes like “One More Drinkin' Song.”
But life changes pushed the singer, 38, in search of a wider range of emotions for their latest album, This Ride, released Friday.
Fans have already been able to hear the difference between their last hit, 2014's “Drink to That All Night,” and the new album's first single, “God Made a Woman.”
The earlier one is “a song from the boy I was,” says Niemann, and the latest – a ballad of redemption – is “the song of the man I want to be.”
Most of the other cuts fill out the gamut of love – from longing to new romance to heartbreak – though Niemann has left a little space for their stock in trade: “Feelin'” is properly soaked in alcohol, and “The Regulars” is a hard-driving rocker set in a barroom.
“There's more heart and less liver on this,” says Niemann, “but there's still a little bit of liver.”
The album is also notable for its broad array of tempos, all conveyed with a light studio touch that evokes the immediacy of live performance.
Why the shift in themes and tone?
Niemann points to two major events in the past three years: their 2014 marriage to longtime girlfriend Morgan Petek, a Nashville nurse practitioner, and their change in record labels.
“Lyrically, these songs are deeper than the previous records, just because I'm married now,” they say, “and there's another layer of the onion that I would like everybody to see that maybe you didn't even know existed or that just matured over the last couple of years.”
A one-time Sony artist, Niemann says their signing in 2016 to the more “boutique” Curb Records has also contributed to a new sense of creative freedom.
“I've had so many people tell me what to do for the last few years,” the Kansas native says. “So it was such a fresh breath of air to go over to [Curb Group chairperson] Mike Curb's house and hear them say, ‘Well, what do you want to do? What's your vision? What are you thinking?'”
Though they first made a name for themselves as a songwriter, Niemann admits their overwhelming impulse was to set aside their writer's cap. Instead, they channeled their energies into other aspects of music making: finding songs that “hit me right in the heart,” figuring out how to interpret them, and co-producing them in the studio.
“The songwriter in me, I guess, kind of took a little miniature hiatus, and the singer in me has been totally inspired by these songs,” they say. “They're fun to sing. They're also allowing me to challenge myself vocally and as a producer and musician. I think it's just kind of a fun change-up.”
RELATED VIDEO: Country's Finest Dazzled the CMA Awards Red Carpet!
The album has attracted a who's who of Nashville's top songwriters, including Shane McAnally, Ross Copperman, Josh Osborne, Craig Wiseman, Natalie Hemby and Ashley Gorley. Fellow artists Michael Ray and Chris Janson also contributed. And Niemann lured best buddy Lee Brice into the studio to record a duet, the irresistibly breezy “A Little More Love.”
The two actually recorded the song not only on the same day, but also on the same microphone – a virtually prehistoric practice, given today's technology.
“We sang together so much for so many years, acoustic shows and stuff,” Niemann explains. “We wanted to just try to capture that moment, like we would if we were singing it live.”
In the end, the album-making process ended up reinvigorating Niemann's own songwriting, and two of the 13 cuts are their own co-writes.
“My songwriting side – that little thing inside of me – was ready to write again,” they say. “Some of these guys who've written these [album] songs, we've written [together] since. … I've made some new friends. … I'm foolish to even talk about future projects, but I've already had more ideas for down the road. I feel like I'm back in my own lane.”
Twelve local teams captured the Allen J. MacDonald Memorial Trophy as Bell Capital Cup champions over the holidays.
The 18th Bell Capital Cup featured more than 600 games in 18 divisions played on 23 ice surfaces across the city.
Winners were the Boston Advantage (major peewee AAA), Gloucester Rangers (major peewee AA), Ottawa Sting (peewee A), Gloucester Rangers (minor peewee AAA), Ottawa Valley Silver Seven (minor peewee AA), Leitrim Hawks (minor peewee A), New Jersey Jr. Titans (major atom AAA), Voisins de Papineau (major atom AA), Mississippi Thunder Kings (major atom A), St. Clair Shores Stars (minor atom AAA), Rideau St. Lawrence Kings (minor atom AA), Stittsville Rams (minor atom A), Orleans Rush (peewee House A), Richmond Royals (atom House A), Akwesasne Wolves (atom house B), Les Aigles de St. Isidore (atom House C), Barrie Sharks (girls peewee AA) and Whitby Wolves (girls atom AA).
All championship games were played at the Canadian Tire Centre.
The Bill Patterson Trophy for fair play and sportsmanship went to the Ottawa Sting (minor atom A) and Leitrim Hawks (atom House C).
Forty years ago, Ohio State University (OSU) astronomers using the "Big Ear" telescope detected a space radio signal. The signal was unusually intense and on a narrow bandwidth, which usually would indicate a radio signal of artificial origins. It was so weird and unexplainable that discoverer Jerry Ehman marked the print-out of the data with a "Wow!" in red pen, and thus the signal had its name.
Researchers have been interested in the curious signal ever since. So have conspiracy theorists, from those who believe it may be a phantom signal from a spy satellite to those combing the stars for signs of extraterrestrial life.
The new paper comes from Antonio Paris, an astronomer at St. Petersburg College in Florida. They wrote that the signal detected back in 1977 matched the then-location of the comet 266P/Christensen, which astronomers didn't discover until 2006. Paris identified another asteroid, P/2008 Y Gibbs, that might also have been the source of the radio waves.
But do the other facts jive? Paris says yes; some other astronomers say no. For instance, the signal was emitted from an unusual frequency, the 1,420 megahertz range. Paris claims that their simulations show that comets can emit in that range, but senior SETI Institute astronomer Seth Shostak begs to differ.
"I don't think anyone ever found such emission from comets," Shostak told Live Science. The 1,420-MHz range usually emits from hydrogen clouds in space, and comets shouldn't be able to produce enough hydrogen to produce so intense a signal as Wow! "The comet hypothesis, in my opinion, doesn't work."
© East News/ Photoshot/REPORTER April Fools' Day Comet to Wink at Earth in The Closest Recorded Approach
Shostak also mentioned comments from Robert Dixon, then the OSU observatory director, who claimed that the comets cited didn't intersect with the telescope's sight lines.
University of Toronto radio astronomer Yvette Cenes also took umbrage with Paris' finds, criticizing their methods and conclusions. According to Cenes, no radio astronomer would draw the same conclusions Paris did. "[The brightness Paris suggested for the comets] would be insanely bright for a comet," they posted on reddit. "How bright, you ask? Well the brightest comet in radio in recent memory was Hale-Bopp, and this would have to be 10-100 million times more active. You sure as hell are going to have to explain to me why you think this random-ass comet is so radio bright to make me think that signal is genuinely from it. Does the paper address that? Nope."
Jerry Ehman is also skeptical. "We do not believe the two-comets theory can explain the Wow! signal," Ehman told Live Science. They pointed out two major flaws in the theory that the signal emitted from a comet: it wasn't a repeating signal, and it was a very brief signal.
"We should have seen the source come through twice in about three minutes: one response lasting 72 seconds and a second response for 72 seconds following within about a minute and a half," Ehman said. "We didn't see the second one." Comets are surrounded by large clouds of gas that could emit a radio signal, but it would be a continuous and repeating one, not a brief, singular one.
Ehman's own theory is that it was the remnant of a fast radio burst (FRB), a milliseconds-long burst of radio waves that release supernova-levels of power. Nobody is sure where they come from either (and yes, aliens are one of the theories) but the leading thought is that they are created during cataclysms like a stellar collision or a very powerful neutron star.
It is also possible that the "Big Ear" telescope that detected Wow! In the 1970s was simply suffering from a glitch that caused it to spot a phantom signal.
WASHINGTON -- President Trump signs S. 204, the “Right to Try Act” Wednesday afternoon.
In March, the House passed legislation aimed at giving seriously ill patients increased access to investigational drugs, a bill championed by Vice President Mike Pence.
"Right to Try" is named for Jordan McLinn, a second grader from Indianapolis who advocated in Washington for the bill alongside Pence.
The bill will let patients who are near death, or who have a disease that is likely to lead to severely premature death, potentially access drugs that have gone through only preliminary testing on humans. They would have to be ineligible for a clinical trial and have already tried other available treatments.
USA TODAY is providing live coverage of the bill signing in the player above starting at 12:15 pm ET.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
More Videos 2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school, parent says it's their right Pause 1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward? 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 0:41 Will Muschamp endorses Kurt Roper 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense 0:43 What are the tallest buildings in Columbia? 1:33 Sneak peek: what's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse? 1:33 Echols: We must support Charlottesville leaders in face of terrorism Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Preview: South Carolina's Football Operations Center The latest renderings for South Carolina's 110,000-square-foot Football Operations Center that is expected to open sometime in 2018. (Quackenbush Architects and Ginsler Sports) The latest renderings for South Carolina's 110,000-square-foot Football Operations Center that is expected to open sometime in 2018. (Quackenbush Architects and Ginsler Sports)
The latest renderings for South Carolina's 110,000-square-foot Football Operations Center that is expected to open sometime in 2018. (Quackenbush Architects and Ginsler Sports)
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night.
New England (5-4-4) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws. Atlanta (8-3-2) had won four straight on the road.
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover. Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner. Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel's cross. It was Martinez's league-leading ninth goal of the season.
New England goalkeeper Matt Turner kept the Revs within reach by denying Ezequiel Barco's point-blank attempt in the 82nd.
Comments
comments
The number one thing you should never do when police try to pull you over is run. However, if you do decide to try to outrun the cops, don't run in circles as this woman did in Ukraine. The whole scene borders on parody as the woman attempts to flee the police by driving in circles. One officer gets out of the car and tries to physically stop the woman, getting close enough to smash out the rear window and attempt to shoot out the front tire – twice. All that's missing is 1963's “Yakety Sax” (below) – popularized by “The Benny Hill Show” that hit the airwaves in 1969. I'm not suggesting you should start the song and then press play on the video above. However, it certainly elevates the overall viewing experience.
When the video starts, the police car somehow collides with a circular concrete divider in the center of the plaza. How? I don't know. The fleeing woman goes around and around the plaza as one officer emerges from the crashed police car and chases after the car on foot. The officer runs after the fleeing vehicle going back and forth trying to stop it. Soon, the other officer joins the foot chase.
A dump truck tries to intervene by getting in the way of the fleeing car is it goes around and around, but it's too slow, failing to impede the car's progress. Eventually, one officer gets back in the police car and hits reverse in an attempt to block the suspect's car. Instead, the police car collides with the fleeing vehicle, spinning it around but failing to stop it. The woman then heads down a road away from the plaza, the police car trailing, and one officer left at the scene.
The comedy behind the whole thing looks like a bad real-world example of Grand Theft Auto. Yes, life is stranger than fiction, but this video seems excessively hilarious – from the running police officer to the woman just going around and around and around. We doubt this could be recreated in GTA. But we'll certainly give it a try.
Source: ViralHog
At CHOP, two boys were diagnosed with brain death. Here's what that means
At CHOP, two boys were diagnosed with brain death. Here's what that means May 24
Tom Avril is a health and science reporter. A former math teacher and engineering major, they were hired in 1998, and previously covered environmental issues and New Jersey state government. Along with two colleagues, they were a finalist for a 2009 Pulitzer Prize in national reporting about how politics had tainted the mission of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
In this March 23, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of “Roseanne,” which was canceled in response to them tweet.
Posting racist tweets is not listed as a possible side effect of taking the sleep drug Ambien.
But the official medication guide from drugmaker Sanofi does warn of a risk of “more outgoing or aggressive behavior than normal.”
Does Roseanne Barr deserve any slack?
The comedian said the drug caused them to post the now-infamous tweet about Valerie Jarrett, the former senior advisor to President Barack Obama, which in turn led ABC to cancel the reboot of their TV show. Jarrett is African American, and Barr tweeted that Jarrett looked like the result if the “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.” (Both tweets were later deleted, though Barr's apology remains online.)
I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 29, 2018
Sanofi, which has U.S. operations in Bridgewater, N.J., was quick to repudiate Barr's claim that Ambien was to blame.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” company spokesperson Ashleigh Koss said. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
The most common side effects associated with Ambien are “drowsiness, dizziness, diarrhea, grogginess or feeling as if you have been drugged,” the manufacturer says.
Other possible effects quoted on the product information include:
Getting out of bed while not being fully awake and do an activity that you do not know you are doing…
Abnormal thoughts and behavior. Symptoms include more outgoing or aggressive behavior than normal, confusion, agitation, hallucinations, worsening of depression, and suicidal thoughts or actions.
Memory loss, anxiety, severe allergic reactions.
The drug and its generic equivalent, zolpidem, also may have lingering effects the day after it is taken, according to a 2013 warning from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that was updated a few months ago.
The agency recommended that physicians consider prescribing lower doses of the sleep aid because enough of it can remain in the bloodstream the next day to impair activities that require alertness, such as driving.
“Patients with high levels of zolpidem can be impaired even if they feel fully awake,” the agency said.
In their tweet, the comedian did not specify whether they used a regular or extended-release form of the drug.
Atlanta was extorted for $50,000 to be paid in bitcoin (roughly 5.4 bitcoin as of press time) after the city's computer networks were infected with vicious malware in late March. The city might as well have paid the ransom, because it wound up spending $2.6 million on emergency contracts to recover systems made inoperable by the malware infection.
Atlanta's Department of Procurement awarded eight "emergency procurement" contracts between March 22 and April 2 for a total of $2,667,328, an investigation by Wired has revealed.
© AP Photo / Jose Luis Magana US Charges Two People for Attempt to Hack DC Police Surveillance Cameras
The city spent money on everything from Microsoft Cloud infrastructure repairs, $600,000 for "incident response consulting" from consulting giant Ernst & Young and some $50,000 on "crisis communications" from public relations powerhouse Edelman.
The FBI has a prepared document for guiding chief information security officers in the wake of ransomware attacks like the one sustained by Atlanta. The US government's official position is that it does "not encourage paying a ransom to criminal actors."
However, the FBI notes that all options should be explored after an attack. "Victims will want to evaluate the technical feasibility, timeliness and cost of restarting systems from backup," the FBI says in the "Ransomware Prevention and Response for CISOs" guide. This is the route Atlanta has chosen to follow, attempting a full recovery through its own efforts and the help of contractors instead of paying the hackers.
Still, the FBI notes that paying hackers isn't foolproof. Hackers might refuse to honor a deal even after a ransom is paid, or decide to charge more after receiving an initial payment. Further, "paying could inadvertently encourage this criminal business model."
Decisions are always easier to make in hindsight, but strictly on a cost basis, if Atlanta had paid the hacker and the hacker had followed through, it would have saved taxpayers in Georgia a decent chunk of change.
Time to put the champagne on ice!
Hollywood awards season kicked into high gear Monday morning with the announcement of the 2018 Golden Globe nominations.
The Globes, awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, honor acting in film and TV in 25 categories: 14 for movies and 11 for TV.
Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water leads the film nominations with a whopping seven nods — including nominations in the director, lead actor and supporting actor categories — followed by Steven Spielberg‘s The Post and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri with six each. Lady Bird stood alone in third place with four nominations, including Saoirse Ronan in the lead actor category.
Call Me By Your Name, The Greatest Showman, All the Money in the World, Dunkirk, and I, Tonya all followed with three nominations each. Jordan Peele's surprise hit of the year Get Out also nabbed two nominations in the best picture category and one for lead actor Daniel Kaluuya.
HBO's summer smash Big Little Lies dominated the competition on the TV side with six nominations, four of which went to the show's main actores Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley. FX's Feud: Bette and Joan followed with four nods, and This Is Us, Fargo, and The Handmaid's Tale tied for third place with three nominations each.
The nominees are:
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Robert De Niro, Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
Best TV Series, Comedy or Musical
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
Smilf
Best Limited Series or Television Movie
Big Little Lies
Feud: Bette and Joan
Fargo
Top of the Lake: China Girl
The Sinner
Best Actress, Limited Series or Television Movie
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Jessica Biel, The Sinner
HBO
Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Limited Series or TV Movie
Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor in a Series, Limited Series or TV Movie
David Harbour, Stranger Things
Alfred Molina, Feud: Bette and Joan
Christian Slater, Mr. Robot
Alexander Skarsgard, Big Little Lies
David Thewlis, Fargo
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or TV Movie
Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, Glow
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, Smilf
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series, Comedy or Musical
Anthony Anderson, Black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will and Grace
Courtesy Netflix
Best Performance by an actor in a Television Series, Drama
Catriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Duece
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical
Steve Carrel, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get out
Justina Mintz/Warner Bros/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Best TV Series, Drama
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This Is Us
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Alison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalfe, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Neon
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
William Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Director in a Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series, Comedy or Musical
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schrieber, Ray Donovan
Best Motion Picture, Comedy or Musical
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama
Timothee Chalamet, Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J Israel, Esq.
Sony
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawking, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Motion Picture, Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Screenplay
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Post
Molly's Game
Best Original Score
Carter Burwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexander Desplat, The Shape of Water
Johnny Greenwood, Phantom Thread
John Williams, The Post
Hans Zimmer, Dunkirk
Best Animated Feature
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Foreign Language Film
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Original Song
“Home,” Ferdinand
“Mighty River,” Mudbound
“Remember Me,” Coco
“The Star,” The Star
“This Is Me,” The Greatest Showman
Seth Meyers is set to host the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. The comedian and Late Night host takes over hosting duties from pal Jimmy Fallon after the Tonight Show host headed the show in 2017.
The 75th Golden Globes Awards will air live from the Beverly Hilton Hotel's Grand Ballroom on Jan. 7 on NBC.
