COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) " Danish police say Copenhagen's famed Little Mermaid statue was found doused with paint early Wednesday, for the second time in two weeks.
Police said the bronze was covered in blue and white paint, and "Free Abdulle" was written on the ground in front of the statue. It was not clear who it was referring to.
In a Twitter statement, police said city workers were removing the paint.
On May 30, red paint was doused on the girl-sized statue. No one has been apprehended,
Advertisement
The Little Mermaid was created in tribute to the Danish storyteller Hans Christian Andersen. Sitting on a rock at the entrance of the Copenhagen harbor since 1913, they have been a popular target for vandals, who have blown them off their perch, beheaded her, and painted them
I have played with sharp sticks many times and never once did I poke a kid's eye out. I've made a lot of faces and my face has always gone back to its original shape. It never froze that way, as I was told it would. I've played with matches. I once went swimming right after I ate lunch and I didn't drown. And once I even ran with scissors, and I'm still here to tell about it.
Remember all those warnings you got as a kid? I was thinking about them the other day. Most of it was good advice — for a kid. What my parents forgot to tell me was that once I got to be said, 35, it might be OK to play with matches or run with scissors.
We learn lots of scissors lessons growing up. We learn from our parents, our teachers, our friends, our environment and our culture. But I think that many times we become paralyzed by the admonitions and lessons that we learned as children. Many of them were appropriate and even necessary when we were little kids. It was probably a good idea to teach me not to run into the street when I was 5. But now that I am all grown up, perhaps it's time to re-examine some of those lessons.
I think there might be times now when it might be OK if I ran with scissors. It might even be a damn good idea in an emergency of some kind. I also think there are times when it might not better to be seen than heard. Or that the only way to treat an alcoholic family member is to ignore the problem and hope it goes away.
Then there are the emotional lessons we learned. I never had a bicycle when I was a kid. I desperately wanted one, but we couldn't afford it. So you can be damned sure that my kids had bikes when they were growing up. My emotional desires were finally fulfilled in my children.
Another lesson is the story of the woman cooking a pot roast for dinner. As they carefully cut it in half, their husband asked them why they did that. They replied, “That's the way my mother taught me.” When they persisted, they decided to ask their mother why the recipe called for cutting the roast in half. Them mother answered, “That's the way Grandma taught me and I always did it that way.” Finally they asked their grandmother why it was necessary to cut the roast in half before baking it. And Grandma told her, “I never had a pan big enough to hold a full roast and we couldn't afford a bigger pan.”
All too often the lessons we learned as children become the paralyzing rules by which we live as adults — never questioning them because we learned them so early in life when we were impressionable and accepting. As adults we need to carefully re-examine them to see if, 30 or 60 years later, they still — or ever — did apply.
Maybe I now own a pan big enough to hold the entire roast. And maybe I should take another look at whether all blacks are lazy, all Jews are miserly, all Italians are gangsters, all Mexicans are illegal gardeners, all Republicans are ultra-conservative, all Democrats are socialists, and all the people in Hollywood are gay. Maybe there's no such thing as “all the people of a given group do this or that.” Maybe people are individuals and need to be judged individually.
I was fortunate to be raised by open-minded, totally unprejudiced parents who never poisoned me with ideas like that. But not so for the neighborhood I grew up in. We were all exposed to the “truths” I just mentioned. But for me they didn't take, and I'm grateful for that.
— Paul Burri is an entrepreneur, inventor, columnist, engineer and iconoclast.  They are not in the advertising business, but they are a small-business counselor with the Santa Barbara chapter of Counselors to America's Small Business-SCORE. The opinions and comments in this column are theirs alone and do not represent the opinions or policies of any outside organization. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
A Real IRA leader has been jailed for eleven and a half years for their role in a bomb plot during the...
SUPPLY, N.C. (AP) — The body of a man missing since last week has been found in a North Carolina creek.
Local media outlets reported that 30-year-old Jeremy Faith Hill was last seen around 1 p.m. on April 11 leaving Novant Health Brunswick Medical Center in Bolivia.
Sheriff's spokesperson Emily Flax says Hill's body was found in a creek in Supply on Sunday.
Investigators say there is no sign of foul play.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18pIu
— Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said they are planning a "White Lives Matter" rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
"We're going to be more active than ever before," Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from their home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. They were photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied they were a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said they were pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday "an absolute stunning victory" for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
"We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country," said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a "really good" white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. "Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate," they said.
They blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said they doubt white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
"It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag," Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia "deplorable" but indicated school officials might be unable to block their appearance.
"While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space," Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
News of the death of Nigel, New Zealand's loneliest gannet, has spread around the world but many paying their respects online to the gannet who spent years trying to seduce a fellow gannet made of concrete.
Nigel moved to Mana Island five years ago and quickly fell in love with one of the 80 concrete decoy gannets on the uninhabited island.
The decoy birds were placed on the island in an attempt to encourage living birds back. Conservationists used the decoy birds along with the sound of gannet calls broadcast over solar-powered speakers to try to attract a colony of gannets onto the pest-free island.
Nigel, for many years the only living gannet on Mana, fell in love with one of the decoys. They spent a long time building a nest of seaweed and twigs on the edge of a cliff near their concrete love, in a desperate bid to steal the bird's concrete heart.
Advertisement
Over the years, conservationists spotted Nigel's courtship of the concrete bird, grooming their concrete feathers and chatting to them lovingly.
After years with nothing but fake concrete birds for company, Nigel no mates gained some living company, when three other gannets joined them on the island. Still, they remained faithful to their concrete gannet.
Nigel's body was found lifeless, near their concrete love.
"I certainly feel sad, having had them sit there year after year with their concrete mate," Mana Island Conservation ranger Chris Bell told Fairfax.
"It would have been nice if they had been able to hold on a few more years and found a partner and bred.
"I think it must have been quite a frustrating existence. Whether or not they were lonely, they certainly never got anything back, and that must have been very strange experience, when they spent years courting. I think we all have a lot of empathy for him, because they had this fairly hopeless situation," the ranger told the Guardian.
A poem penned in honour of Nigel, the gannet: To Nigel You stayed awhile on Mana Island, Attracted by your concrete... Posted by Friends of Mana Island on Wednesday, 31 January 2018
Nigel's life may have been a lonely one but they are, ultimately, responsible for bringing more gannets on to the island.
"He was an attraction that helped bring in other birds – gannets like to nest where a gannet has nested before. It's really sad they died, but it wasn't for nothing," Bell added.
All over the world, people are mourning the loss of Nigel and vowing to always remember him.
That Nigel the gannet story breaks my heart and I swear the next male pet I get will be named after him.
Duck, cat, dog, cow, horse, rooster. I don't care.
They will be called Nigel. — toni (@ToniLyn_) February 3, 2018
just read about nigel the lonely gannet and shed genuine tears that's the rest of my year ruined 😭 — rebekah (@madness_hastwo) February 3, 2018
Today's edition focuses on the transformation of the Rams' offense as displayed so far through four games in the 2017 regular season.
Every day we include the best stories about the Rams. We also devote one section of our recaps to a video highlight. Let us know if you think a story should be included in our daily post by sending us a tweet @TheRamsWire!
How the Rams have completely transformed their wide receiver position | | OC Register
With so much to unpack and appreciate in the immediate aftermath of Todd Gurley's 54-yard touchdown catch against the Cowboys on Sunday, it was useless trying to pick out a starting point, let alone identify who or what was most responsible for Gurley taking it to the house. Read more
Rams like what they see with Michael Brockers on the outside looking in on the defensive line | Los Angeles Times
As a run-stopping defensive tackle surrounded by playmaking teammates, Michael Brockers spent their first five NFL seasons largely confined to the middle of the line of scrimmage. Read more
The Rams and Seahawks are two teams that have played a number of close games over the last few years, particularly when the Rams are at home. The Rams have won their last three home matchups with Seattle, and will look to make it four in a row on Sunday. Read more
They had all the makings of a once-in-a-generation star — a first-of-his-kind receiver-slash-returner-slash-weaponized game-changer who could cut on a dime and score from anywhere on the field, at any time. Tavon Austin was unlike anything the Rams had seen before. Read more
Rams out to prove they're for real in Seahawks matchup | Fox Sports
The Rams are 3-1 for the second straight season. They even beat the Seahawks at the Coliseum during that start last year, but it quickly degenerated into a 4-12 fiasco of a homecoming. Read more
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Los Angeles Rams' 2017 Regular Season
Skip and Shannon: UNDISPUTED Los Angeles Rams vs Seattle Seahawks in Week 5 – Eric Dickerson previews
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy!
In a picture that Shabir shared, their elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy's mouth. The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as, "Time to be a stuffed toy . #theadventuresofAI #sundayfun"-(sic)
Family Time In Kerala?
In another pic, Shabir is seen posing with their beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting. Though the actor hasn't mentioned the location, seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala. They put up a cute caption saying, "Row row row your boat ..... #lifeisbutadream #bamboorafting #backwaters #weekendvibes #lovingit #theadventuresofAI @kanchikaul"- (sic)
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir's loving father qualities. The fans couldn't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment. They captioned the image as, "#localtransport #backwaters #theadventuresofAI #love"- (sic)
Wife & They
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm. At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other. Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals, don't they?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir's family is worth a thousand words. The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on their Instagram handle. They simply captioned the picture with four hearts. Each heart representing one family member? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said, "PLEASE @shabirahluwalia @itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU!"- (sic)
Germany's Social Democrat (SPD) leader Martin Schulz has embraced the Irish parish pump in their bid to unseat chancellor Angela Merkel next month.
Lagging 15 points behind in polls, with a nagging feeling that Germany's election race is over before it began, Schulz promised voters they met in a televised town hall meeting they would deal with their problems personally.
It's a radical departure in Germany, where the location of public officials at state and municipal levels mean federal politicians rarely get involved in people's daily problems. Not Martin Schulz.
The centre-left leader listens as 85-year-old pensioner Betty Neumann tells of how they struggle on €758 a month but dreams of the occasional theatre visit. “I'll talk to a few people,” promises Schulz.
Dagmar Wilms (73) described how their street in Frankfurt is now a no-go area, dubbed “Arab Mile” for regular shootings and police raids. Schulz drew on their experience as former mayor of their small home town: “I'm a citizen like you . . . I know what it's like when districts go downhill.”
In case anyone thought they were a soft touch, Schulz insisted they were a law-and-order candidate. They promised more resources to fight crime and sympathised with a police officer complaining about low pay. “I'm the son of a police officer,” they added, “I know the job you do.”
Clashing styles
After entering the race in February, Schulz's early surge in support is long spent, and the SPD has landed with a bump back at 25 per cent in polls. Making little impact with their party programme, SPD strategists are determined to present their man as someone who still lives in their small German home town and knows people's problems – far from Merkel in their high-security bubble in Berlin.
The 62-year-old SPD candidate is hoping their amenable, approachable style will contrast favourably when Merkel – who cultivates a caring but strict mutti (mummy) image – faces their own town hall meeting next Sunday.
As the Schulz programme wears on, one Merkel weak spot becomes apparent: the legacy of the 2015 refugee crisis, when almost one million people came into the country.
When a Berlin refugee volunteer complained about the lack of political support for their work, Schulz agreed their colleagues have let down these “everyday heroes”.
In a dig at Merkel's notorious “we'll manage this” refugee crisis refrain, Schulz said: “Someone stands there and is cheered for saying, ‘we'll manage this' but the others do the work.”
With a real chance that the asylum issue will come back on the agenda before polling day on September 24th, the contrast with Merkel was the greatest on Sunday evening in a conversation between Schulz and 18-year-old Obdaidulla Sultani. The Afghan asylum seeker living in Bavaria has just finished school but is worried they won't be allowed stay.
“I'll get in touch with the Bavarian state premier,” promised Schulz.
Policy and principles
Two years ago, when confronted with a Lebanese teenager whose family faced deportation, Merkel said: “You're a very likeable person but you know . . . some people have to go back.” The girl began weeping, Merkel struggled to comfort them and the clip went viral online.
The question is which approach German voters will reward on September 24th: parish pump political interventions for a good cause, or adhering to political policy and principles to keep the pitch level for all?
Will Schulz's pitch – promising to intervene as the lenient, hands-on father – go down better with German voters than Merkel's more non-committal, distant style?
“For most people here, sticking to the rules is more important than well-intended exceptions,” said Dr Gero Neugebauer, political scientist at the Free University, Berlin. “People here think: if you make an exception for one person, thousands of others will say, ‘But I have a problem too.'”
It remains to be seen if voters buy the Schulz everyman pitch, given their last 23 years spent in Brussels concluded as president of the European Parliament.
There they earned an estimated €320,000 annually – almost 10 times the German average wage and about €100,000 more than Dr Merkel.
CITIZEN is proud to announce the addition of ten new models to its Eco-Drive Bluetooth series. All Eco-Drive Bluetooth models combine connected features such as smartphone call or text notifications with the style and precision of fine analog timepieces.
Since the launch of the first model in 2012, CITIZEN's Eco-Drive Bluetooth watches, with its sophisticated design, have captured a unique position in the market for smart analog watches. One reason is CITIZEN's proprietary light-powered technology Eco-Drive, which frees users from worries about changing batteries or daily cable charging. The CITIZEN smart phone app also makes it easy to sync to correct time anywhere in the world and set alarms with intuitive operation.
World's smallest and thinnest Eco-Drive Bluetooth watch featuring CITIZEN's new W410 movement
The CITIZEN Eco-Drive Bluetooth ladies watch —featuring a modern design with slightly retro feel, accented in light and cheery color variations is inspired by the woman who feels confident about their future and enjoys being herself.
Functions
Features six functions.
1. Eco-Drive light-powered technology
2. Notifications of incoming calls, emails, and SNS messages via sound and hand movement
3. Link loss alert
4. Smartphone search
5. Alarm (up to three time settings)
6. Date and time synchronization
-Offers 15 different original sounds exclusively prepared for the W410 model.
Design
Simple dial design with a touch of retro feel shows functions as icons rather than words.
Official CITIZEN app
User interface features white background for better readability and a power reserve indicator.
Connection indicator shows the state of the connection with the wearer's smartphone.
Case/Band: Stainless steel / Calf (Water-repellent)
Stainless steel / Stainless steel
Dial: White, Mother of pearl, White
Crystal: Crystal glass
Case size: Diameter 33.0mm/Thickness 9.98mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal. W410 / Accuracy of ±15 seconds per month (without time signal reception) / Eco-Drive: Running for 12 months (4 years with power save function) / Bluetooth® (Call, E-mail, SNS notification) / Alarm / Phone search / Time sync / Light-Level Indicator*4 / Perpetual Calender / W.R. 5 BAR
Eco-Drive Bluetooth for unisex features new W410 movement and Super Titanium™
The new unisex Bluetooth watch featuring the W410 movement and Super Titanium™
inherits the design concept of previous popular W770 model.
Case/Band: Super Titanium™ with Duratect*3 DLC (Diamond-
Like Carbon) for bezel / Super Titanium™
Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC (Diamond-
Like Carbon) / Urethane
Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC
(Diamond-Like Carbon) (Duratect Gold
for bezel) / Urethane
Dial: Black
Crystal: Sapphire crystal glass with anti-reflective coating
Case: Size Diameter 40.5mm / Thickness 10.68mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal. W410 /Accuracy of ±15 seconds per month (without time signal reception) / Eco-Drive: Running for 12 months (4 years with power save function) / Bluetooth® (Call, E-mail, SNS notification) / Alarm / Phone search / Time sync / Light-Level Indicator / Perpetual Calender / W.R. 5 BAR
New Eco-Drive Bluetooth W770 with Super Titanium™
A traditional analog watch dial gives a true 3-dimentional look, plus a new dial layout
provides improved visibility. A concentric pattern surrounding a small dial represents the
radio waves used by Bluetooth.
Functions
1. Eco-Drive light-powered technology
2. Notifications of incoming calls, emails, and SNS messages via sound and hand
movement
3. Link loss alert
4. Smartphone search
5. Alarm (up to three time settings)
6. Date and time synchronization
Case/Band: Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC (Diamond-Like Carbon) / Urethane
Dial: Black
Crystal: Sapphire crystal glass with anti-reflective coating
Case: Size Diameter 48.0mm / Thickness 15.73mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal.W770/ Accuracy of ± 15 seconds per a month (when not receiving signals) / Eco-Drive: Running for 4 years on full charge (on power save mode)/Power save function / 1 second chronograph measures up to 60 minutes / Alarm/ Local time (Second time zone) / Day Date / 24Hour time/ Light level indicator / Power reserve indicator*5 / Perpetual calendar / Screw-back case / Deployment clasp with push button / W.R. 10 BAR
About CITIZEN WATCH
CITIZEN WATCH, marking its 100th anniversary in 2018, is a true manufacture d'horlogerie with a comprehensive manufacturing process that extends from creating a watch's individual components to its final assembly. The company operates in more than 130 countries around the world. Since its founding in 1918, CITIZEN have held the belief of “Better Starts Now” — that is, no matter who you are and what you do, it is always possible to make something better, and now is the time to start doing it. Sharing this belief, we have made watches, invented and improved technologies and explored the future of watches such as our proprietary light-powered Eco-Drive technology and state-of-the art satellite-synchronised timekeeping.
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as they scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of their threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of their career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of their career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
CTV Vancouver
A Ferrari driver allegedly caught zooming across the Lions Gate Bridge at 150 km/h over the speed limit has pleaded guilty to excessive speeding.
Yihao Wang appeared in North Vancouver provincial court Tuesday but spoke only once, answering "yes" when the judge asked if they understood the plea.
Before they left the building, Wang put on a black surgical mask, black sunglasses and a black baseball cap, almost completely obscuring their face. They did not answer questions from reporters outside court.
Police clocked Wang going over the crossing at 210 km/h, more than tripling the posted speed limit of 60 km/h. They were behind the wheel of a white 2015 Ferrari 458, which was impounded for 60 days.
Rather than just hand the driver a ticket, the officer who pulled Wang over decided to press for a trial, which could mean a higher fine and stricter penalties.
Wang, who was charged under the Motor Vehicle Act, is scheduled to be sentenced in May.
At the time of the incident, police said the driver was already known to them, and had been pulled over for excessive speeding on the same bridge just months earlier, in April 2017.
Police said Wang's driving history could be considered during sentencing, and court records show several driving and speed-related charges against a man with the same name and birth year.
In the meantime, Wang remains under a 16-month driving ban.
With files from CTV Vancouver's David Molko
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of children has rallied to exact the perfect revenge on their mother - after they decided to confiscate their electronic devices.
Mum-of-four Michelle Giggler wanted to stop their kids playing on their phones and tablets.
So, they decided to take them away in the middle of the night and keep them in their room.
Now, many parents may be sat thinking this is a sensible, clever idea - one which any parent would do.
But you're wrong - because their kids were a step ahead of them
The children, aged between eight and 13, report the Mirror, managed to get their own back in style.
They wrote on Twitter : "I collect all cell phones and iPads from the kids at night and keep them in my room.
Last night those little a******s all set alarms to go off at various times throughout the night.
"I'm impressed with their ingenuity and team effort. They're all grounded."
Plenty of people - not just parents - saw the funny side.
That said, as ever, there were some who thought their actions were a little extreme.
"Imagine having a parent this uptight..." wrote one woman.
"My mom used to text me stuff at night when she'd remember something and didn't wanna get up."
Michelle was quick to defend their actions, however, and responded:
"If 'uptight' means making sure my 4 kids ages 8-13 aren't being idiots on their devices at 2 am, I'll be the uptightiest uptight mom I can be."
When another person moaned: "Sounds like trust issues to me," they again replied:
"Sounds like they're 8-13 to me."
Sponsored Content Provided by: Maverick Helicopters
Haleakalā Crater, located in the southeast portion of Maui, has captivated visitors since the Polynesians arrived in approximately 450 AD. Over the centuries, this massive dormant volcano has served as the house of the sun, a cattle ranch, military training facility and observatory. It is also home to a plethora of native Hawaiian flora and fauna. Keep these fun facts about Haleakalā Crater in your back pocket for the next time you visit this natural wonder.
Haleakalā is estimated to be around 1 million years old.
The crater measuring 7 miles across, 2 miles wide, and close to 3,000 feet deep. Haleakalā, the larger of the two volcanoes that formed the Valley Isle, is estimated to have once reached up to 12,000 feet in elevation.
Between 1934 and 1941 the Civilian Conservation Corps operated work camps at Haleakalā.
Civilian Conservation Corps enrollees removed invasive plants and feral animals such as pigs and goats, constructed the White Hill, Sliding Sands, and Halemau'u trails, and built some of the frontcountry structures still used by park employees today.
ADVERTISEMENT
Maui snared the sun in Haleakalā.
It was on the summit of Haleakalā that Maui snared the sun, in order to slow its passage through the sky so that their mother could dry their kapa (bark cloth).
Declining populations of animal and plant life.
Nearing extinction, populations of Nēnē geese, Hawaii's stated bird, were reintroduced to the national park between 1962 and 1978. In 2016, more than 300 silverswords were planted to strengthen at-risk populations at the summit of Haleakala.
To learn more about Haleakalā's history and wonder, click here.
By Chris Ochayi
President of Africa Development Bank, AfDB, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina has declared that Africa is tired of being in darkness and that it is time to take decisive action and turn around the narrative to light up and power the continent.
Adesina made the declaration on the backdrop of the mission undertaken by the bank to hold further discussions on Nigeria's Power Sector Recovery Program, PSRP, with several stakeholders in Abuja, aimed at solving energy crisis facing the continent, especially Nigeria. The high-level mission was led by Amadou Hott, the bank's Vice-President for Power, Energy, Climate Change and Green Growth, to the three-day event, which ended Friday in Abuja, Nigeria's capital.
According to Adesina, “Africa is simply tired of being in the dark. It is time to take decisive action and turn around this narrative: to light up and power Africa – and accelerate the pace of economic transformation, unlock the potential of businesses and drive much-needed industrialisation to create jobs.
“The bank will focus on supporting the program in three primary areas including operational and technical intervention, addressing governance issues and policy-based support. The program is designed to promote energy access to rural communities through the expansion of the transmission grid, development of innovative financing products and provision of technical assistance to improve revenue generation by the distribution companies.”
The goal of the mission was to identify opportunities for collaboration in the program. It included meetings with relevant Ministries, Departments and Agencies to harmonise plans and areas of intervention, including the Federal Ministries of Finance, Power, the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, the Transmission Company of Nigeria, the World Bank and solar power developers.
The African Development Bank's energy strategy identifies energy as crucial not only for the attainment of health and education outcomes, but also for industrialisation, reducing the cost of doing business, unlocking economic potential and creating jobs. “In line with its High5 development priorities, the bank is committed to supporting Nigeria in the effective and efficient implementation of the country's Power Sector Recovery Program,” they added.
An autism campaigner from Corby spent the day in the House of Commons to hear a debate on autism and mental health.
Georgia Harper, 23, a youth patron for charity Ambitious about Autism, watched a parliamentary debate on autism, mental health and suicide.
The debate was led by the SNP's Dr Lisa Cameron who called for the government to do more to provide support to those on the autistic spectrum who also suffer from mental illness.
Earlier this year Georgia played a key role in a campaign called Know Your Normal, helping to raise awareness of mental health issues among people with autism. The research found that four out of five young people with autism have experienced mental health issues.
Georgia said: “The sad fact remains that autistic adults are up to nine times more likely to die by suicide, while autistic children are 28 times more likely to consider it. These statistics are upsetting but, importantly, this is not inevitable, and we can all make relatively small changes to accept autistic people and improve access to services and the wider community to reduce rates of mental ill health and suicide.”
They added: “I really enjoyed sitting in on a parliamentary debate and seeing how policy is created and shared in practice. The stories the MPs relayed from their autistic constituents were often shocking, but bringing these issues into parliament has the potential to create real change on a national level so that the next generation of autistic people don't face the same barriers and high rates of mental ill health. I just hope all the talk now turns into action.”
During the debate Dr Cameron thanked Georgia for attending and for their work on the Know Your Normal campaign.
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that their new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role their family played in the making of their sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play them everything I've made,” they said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for them they absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” they continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Myles Turner had 23 points and 12 rebounds to lead the Indiana Pacers to a 117-104 victory over the Orlando Magic on Sunday.
Paul George added 19 points for the Pacers (17-18), who have won two straight after a season-worst four-game losing streak last month.
Nikola Vucevic had 18 points and 11 rebounds while Jeff Green and Serge Ibaka each scored 17 points for the Magic (15-20).
Indiana went on a 6-0 spurt midway through the fourth quarter to pull away. Monta Ellis scored back-to-back baskets to put the Pacers ahead 101-82. Later, George made a 3-pointer to give Indiana a 108-88 lead with 4:48 to go.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Our Photo booths are a fun and excellent way to add something distinctive to any type of event. We can simplify for all types of events including weddings, birthdays, parties or corporate events. Our aim is to capture memories and exclusive photos confirming your memories last forever. Our team is there to manage the booth, while making sure it is aneccentric experience through their vivacious yet professional qualities.
We specialize with Tamworth Photo Booth Hire and surround areas. Are you searching for add that something extra distinctive to your party, occupation or event than look no further than a photo booth – because they are great entertaining for everybody and offer memories that last a lifetime, our booth can be taken anywhere regardless if it is upstairs or downstairs.
We can luckily advise you of the best package option and booth style to match your event and venue. Birmingham Photo Booth Hire is a fresh new take on the vintage and classic photo booth. A fun and exciting memory-maker and the latest entertainment for any event, party or wedding reception. Loving a group of your visitors inside, grasp a silly prop, press the button and strike a pose! We capture people in animpulsive way, being themselves. Our modish photo booths are designed to blend effortlessly into any venue, adding an additional touch of class to your event.
Our photo booths carry your guests together, make them smile and laugh, and offer them a special memento to remember that moment constantly. Our guest books make the flawless keepsake for weddings or that additional special event. Our accessories are handpicked and designed to act as the perfect accent without stealing the show. People can contact us for the wide range of photo booth rental services. To more information about us, you can visit our website.
Planet Booths
7 College Hill, Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham B73 6HA
Telephone: 07973 845610
Email: hello@planetbooths.co.uk
Website: http://planetbooths.co.uk/
A research study titled, “Telepresence Equipment Market by end user, type, form factor and vertical – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023”, published by crystal market research.
Market Highlights:
The Telepresence Equipment Market was worth USD 1.75 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach approximately USD 2.24 billion by 2023, while registering itself at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.77% during the forecast period. Expanding use of telepresence equipment in different applications, for example, education, healthcare and government are the essential components driving the market development. Numerous government authorities are intending to build up telepresence rooms as services as one the source for revenue. Telepresence video conferencing is being progressively adopted by numerous associations as it offers cost effective solutions of elite interaction.
Click To Send-An-Enquiry:
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/send-an-enquiry/HC05771
The Telepresence Equipment Market Is Segmented As Follows-
Telepresence Equipment Market -By End User:
Medium Enterprise
Large Enterprise
Small Enterprise
Telepresence Equipment Market -By Type:
Personal Telepresence
Room based Telepresence
Multi-Codec Telepresence
Immersive Telepresence
Telepresence Equipment Market-By Form Factor:
End-Points
Infrastructure
Telepresence Equipment Market -By Vertical:
Healthcare
Pharmaceuticals
Commercial
Construction & Engineering
Education
Government
Scientific
Entertainment
Others
Telepresence Equipment Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Other
Competitive Insights:
The leading players in the market are Sagami Elec, Vishay Intertechnology, Delta Electronics India Pvt. Ltd, Panasonic, Taiyo Yuden, Mitsumi Electric, Murata Manufacturing, API Delevan, TDK, Chilisin Electronics Corp and Sumida Corporation. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis:
In the course of the recent decade, inferable from the low transport and raw material cost, Asia-Pacific has been the prime goal for makers of numerous nations. Attributable to these components the manufacturing facilities of numerous nations are situated in Asia-Pacific. These organizations have been experiencing numerous progressions, for example, the advent of patterns, similar to Industry 4.0, which have been expanding the amount of automation of processes, in this way prompting an expanded usage of inductors, attributable to their essence in numerous electronic assemblies.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/ME06959
About Crystal Market Research:
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research, business intelligence, and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions. It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe. The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare, chemicals & materials, technology, automotive, and energy.
Contact Us:
Judy S,
304 South Jones Blvd, Suite 1896,
Las Vegas NV 89107,
United States
Toll Free: +1-888-213-4282
Email: sales@crystalmarketresearch.com
Jordan Pickford of England makes a save during the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Round of 16 match between Colombia and England at Spartak Stadium on July 3, 2018 in Moscow, Russia. Clive Rose/Getty Images
For the first time in a long time, an English goalkeeper is a hero rather than a goat. On Tuesday, 24-year-old Jordan Pickford, who'd made just three appearances for the English national team prior to the 2018 World Cup, came up huge during the Three Lions' penalty shootout against Colombia, lifting their team to a knockout-round victory. After the game, highlights of Pickford's penalty save were easy to find online, with American rights-holder Fox Sports showcasing it as the “Save of the Day.”
There was much less evidence of an earlier Pickford marvel, one that saw the keeper take flight to get their fingertips on a swerving long-range strike from Mateus Uribe, preventing the ball from nestling into the top corner of the net. Or as the Guardian's Barney Ronay put it, Pickford “launched themselves like a neon-green sheet blown from the line in a gale, extended their arm, extended their fingers, extended their fingernails and smacked the ball beyond the angle of bar and post.”
Yes, it's possible the shot was going wide. But it was very, very, very close.
No replay, but a good picture. Pickford save. pic.twitter.com/Q1zZPhGjmT — Alex Shaw (@AlexShawESPN) July 3, 2018
American viewers blamed Fox for not featuring a replay of the best save (and maybe the best shot) of the tournament.
Dear Fox (@FOXSports),
We will stop critiquing your coverage*, excessive use of Dr. Joe to explain simple rules*, and constant reminders about where teams are in the FIFA rankings* if you can just show us ONE replay of Uribe's volley and Pickford's save.
Cordially,
Everyone. — EiF (@EiFSoccer) July 3, 2018
@FOXSports Please add the Uribe shot and Pickford save to your World Cup highlights! Both world class and shouldn't be forgotten #ENGCOL — Matthew VanOosten (@mjvanoosten) July 4, 2018
It wasn't just Fox, though: The replay of Pickford's save didn't get shown on Telemundo (which holds the Spanish-language broadcast rights in the U.S.) or ITV (which shows the games in the UK) or in Russia.
Pickford's save from Uribe just before the equaliser is stupidly good. Hope it doesn't get forgotten amid everything else (and the fact there was no replay of it at all on Russian TV). — Jonathan Wilson (@jonawils) July 3, 2018
It's important to note that the actual game broadcasts aren't controlled by the local rights-holders, who transmit feeds provided by FIFA's Host Broadcast Services. So, bad job FIFA.
That being said, Fox and Telemundo could have put a clip online. The issue there was that Colombia's Yerry Mina scored just more than 30 seconds after Pickford's sprawling save, tying the match 1–1 in second-half stoppage time.
#MundialTelemundo ¡El gol del milagro! Yerry Mina aparece y le da el empate a #COL ante #ENG . Así lo narró 🎙 @AndresCantorGOL pic.twitter.com/hh5pN1sJ78 — Telemundo Deportes (@TelemundoSports) July 3, 2018
In one sense, then, Mina's goal rendered Pickford's heroic effort moot. “It was the save that ultimately meant nothing,” said the Telegraph. Then again, what does anything truly mean, man? There's surely some deeper truth to be extracted from Uribe's blast and Pickford's flying-squirrel-like leap.
And so, since a lot of broadcasters couldn't, wouldn't, or didn't show it, here are all the angles I could find of the best save of the 2018 World Cup.
From the live broadcast:
A replay via the BBC:
A slow-motion shot from behind the net:
Se o chute do Uribe foi bonito, a defesa do chute pelo Pickford não deixou por menos. COMO UM GATO ele se esticou to-do e evitou o gol #COL 1⃣✖️1⃣ #ENG #Copa2018 #WorldCup pic.twitter.com/qgnzcRyggt — gifsdacopa (@gifsdacopa) July 3, 2018
From high above the stadium:
Everything happened so quick, but what a SAVE by Jordan Pickford !!! 😲👏👏👏
Full extension after an unexpected shot from long distance ! Good job by Mina to lose their mark in the box, and a good header to tie the game at that moment for #COL . Congrats to #ENG advancing in PKs. pic.twitter.com/5fpjBxqbxZ — Kelvin Galvez (@CoachGalvez) July 3, 2018
After watching the save from all these perspectives, I have come to the conclusion that it was indeed good. Nice work, Jordan Pickford.
Kerry v Mayo - Croke Park, Sunday, 3.30pm
Live on RTÉ 2 and Sky Sports Arena
Despite being in-season since the last weekend of January 2016, Johnny Buckley comes into Sunday's clash with Mayo short on match practice.
Buckley played league and championship with Kerry last year; then went into county, provincial, and All-Ireland club championship with Dr Crokes; and then back into the Kerry fold this spring. Which brings them to Sunday's football semi-final against Mayo.
Despite their Dr Crokes clubmate Fionn Fitzgerald playing in the league final victory against Dublin – after their club All-Ireland success in March – Buckley opted to instead rest a lingering knee injury and ensure that they were 100 per cent for this year's championship.
They returned to action for their Munster opener against Clare, nine weeks ago. Like in that Clare game, they came on as a substitute against Cork before excelling from the start in their All-Ireland quarter-final win over Galway.
So lots of training, fewer games, and very few of those in the green and gold.
“If you look at our lads this year [Dr Crokes], it's been fairly full on. They got a chance during the summer to maybe take a week or two off, but that was about it. As players we are always looking to play matches and enjoy that side of it, but if it was a thing that those [club] competitions could finish within the year, it would be great.
“For our club season this year, you are playing 13 weeks in a row and you have that break over Christmas. Then you are playing two games in three months basically, so there's no easy answer to it.”
Yet despite all that time in preparation for club and then county; Buckley, Fitzgerald and all their Kerry team-mates are going into the biggest game of their year having played only three intercounty championship games this summer.
Meanwhile their opponents Mayo have played seven, with two of them going to extra time and Buckley believes the extra miles on the clock might serve Stephen Rochford's side well.
Games in succession, at the right time. They said: “As players and all the rest of it you would love more games each year and Mayo definitely have that this year in the route they've taken and there's definitely advantages to it.
“You've games to analyse and areas to improve on and you can go out the next week and improve on it. I suppose their graph is definitely on the way up and they have that backing of match sharpness and fitness that I'm sure they're going to bring.”
Lee Keegan has been leading the charge for Mayo again this summer, and given Buckley's impressive showing (0-2) in the over Galway, the 27-year-old could well be picked up by the Westport defender.
“Look, he's arguably the in-form player at the moment. I know they missed out the last day, but I'm sure he'll be raring to go the next day. He's a great athlete, he's up and down the field and they have a great ability to get scores as well; as we saw in the first game. He's a top class player and he'll definitely need minding the next day.”
Physical encounter
Sunday is a rerun of the fixture in 2014, when the Kingdom edged Mayo in a controversial semi-final replay in the Gaelic Grounds, Limerick – before going on to claim Sam Maguire.
“It was a very unique football match in that it was played in that stadium . . . we had played there before but the atmosphere was definitely something different to what you were used to.
“I suppose the game and the physicality of the game fed into that, and it was just one of those occasions where it was a rollercoaster and thinking that ‘we're out, job done, that's the end of the road'. We were pipped and then you were chasing back and Jonathan Lyne came on and kicked two monster points and it was just one of them days that was great to be involved in.”
A physical encounter indeed, with both teams clashing in a melee in the closing stages, so should we expect that bit of bitterness to carry through?
“I wouldn't say so, it was two teams going at it and just two teams trying to get one over on the other and trying to pip it. I wouldn't say it added any bitterness, it was just that bit of competition. It's a natural thing when you are playing at high stakes.”
It wasn't a huge thing and it wasn't any extra pressure really
The stakes have risen this year for Buckley, with them captaining the Kingdom – although their club commitments delayed them from fulfilling that role until recently.
But has this made the role harder? “Not really. It would have been great to be involved at the end of the league but after that there is that lull. You have the county championship, you have the club championship, it's not your training on a Tuesday, Thursday, weekend with Kerry. It's slightly different.
“So when you came back into full-on championship training when the club scene was over, it was about fitting in that [captaincy], with getting back on the field at that stage. It wasn't a huge thing and it wasn't any extra pressure really.”
It's well documented, Galway having those goal-scoring chances
They may have missed out on lifting the league title, but Sam Maguire is certainly still within their reach.
While Kerry's eight-point win last time out was a comfortable one, Galway still carved out four clear goal chances – suggesting there is still plenty to be worked on.
“It's well documented, Galway having those goal-scoring chances. In fairness to Brian [Kelly] they made some great saves, but looking back on that it's definitely something we need to tidy up on.
“There's a load of aspects. There were periods in the game where we just didn't score enough. We had the possession and just getting that transition up to the scorers and being able to capitalise in the periods when we were on top is definitely something we're going to work on.
“We felt we were in a very good place going into the game, training had gone well. Just on the day it wasn't a performance that we were happy with, we didn't play with the intensity or put in the performance we were hoping to put in or had trained to put in.
“So looking back on it, it's hard to pin-point exactly why, but just knowing the next day that performance won't do against Mayo.”
Nucleic acid testing is a new age testing practice that helps in detection, diagnosis and screening of pathogens even when there is no relative clinical sign for a health condition. Due to the assistance provided by nucleic acid testing to healthcare centres and common public, the market is expected to have positive prospects in coming years. A new research report by Future Market Insights on the global nucleic acid testing market reveals has been titled, ‘Nucleic Acid Testing Market – Global Industry Analysis 2012 – 2016 and Opportunity Assessment 2017 – 2027,' and assesses the growth prospects of the nucleic acid testing market for the next nine years. The global revenue of nucleic acid testing market are foreseen to reach beyond US$ 4,900 Mn by the end of 2027. Over 2017-2027, the market is expected to expand at a robust CAGR of 7.5%.
Nucleic Acid Testing Market: Overview
Nucleic acid testing is helpful in the detection of the nucleic acids such as viral DNAs or RNAs in specimen samples of the patients. The technique is helpful in providing special assistance to doctors as well as patients. The healthcare industry needs advanced technique to cope with the increasing severity of health related issues that the population is more prone to. Increasing chronic disease incidences due to changing lifestyle have resulted in escalating demand for diagnostic procedures worldwide. Nucleic acid testing kits and consumables are the key products in the in-vitro diagnostic industry, as they have been proven to deliver promising results during critical diagnosis in various applications.
Request to Sample Report – https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1106
Emerging countries in the Asia Pacific region, such as China and India, are the hotspots for investments because of higher growth rate of diagnosis, treatment and research activities. Future Market Insights expects developing regional markets to experience higher demand for nucleic acid testing over the assessment period. According to the report, North America is expected to hold a market value of over US$ 1,600 Mn by the end of 2027 but APAC is expected to create more incremental opportunities and will reportedly witness a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period.
Nucleic Acid Testing Market: Trends
Looking at the recent demands for nucleic acid testing, key manufacturers are now focusing on introducing new custom product offerings for specific needs. Due to the research community's ever evolving needs, the demand for specialised tools and reagents have grown to the point where most vendors who are currently offering these products cannot depend solely on sales of catalog products. Customised products are likely to trend in near future, creating attractive growth opportunities for emerging businesses.
Request Report TOC @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1106
The rise in demand has also encouraged many companies to look for expansion of their businesses. Various companies are emphasizing on expansion activities by setting-up their plants and regional offices in developing regions, including APAC and MEA. The competitive scenario of the market is consolidated, and a majority player prefer to involve in sales and service agreements, collaborations, R&D, new product launches, joint ventures, partnerships, patent transfers, and mergers and acquisitions.
I enjoy Goleta Beach, and I love the Goleta Slough.
At times I look across the expanse of the slough and just whistle at the audacity of the war effort in the 1940s that made it OK to bulldoze the historic Mescaltitlan Island to create an airbase, landfill portions of the estuary and end what had been a tradition of camping and seafood gathering for as far back as anyone can remember.
Then, development of Goleta Beach changed tidal flow patterns, which had huge implications for the health of the slough's ecosystem.
The slough is now restored to some degree, although tidal flow to the sea is often impeded. The slough is a rich area for diversity of flora and fauna and serves as a nursery and hunting grounds for a multitude of critters.
Its fate is tied inexorably to that of Goleta Beach, where a full-fledged political battle is being waged over whether to create a hard fix to the encroaching erosion problem, continue the soft approach of importing sand, or plan and execute a managed retreat and letting nature take its course. The decisions made will most certainly affect the slough.
Even though access to the slough is restricted, we do enjoy an incredible variety of vista points, thanks to roads, bridges, walking paths and bike paths. I heartily recommend visiting the slough, whether or not you spend some time at the beautiful beach.
My own feeling is that the slough is just as fabulous a destination. You can find more critters than you can count, if you look closely and hold still. You will find serene scenes that would look great painted on canvas, which isn't a bad idea.
You can also find like-minded nature lovers who are happy to talk about how enjoyable the place is to visit. It is a precious local resource.
— Capt. David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc., a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need. Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Dive Brief:
Only 13% of teachers were willing to give their school an "A" rating when asked whether the available technology at the school would be able to enhance students' learning experience, and educators found cost to be one of the top hindrances to getting better tech in the classroom, according to a new study by Walker Sands Communication.
Education professionals were interested in a wide variety of tech, with 89% expressing interest in integrating virtual reality or augmented reality into the classroom, and teachers believe that the strengths surrounding the use of tech outweigh whatever reservations they may have.
About 31% of teachers expect their out-of-pocket classroom costs to rise in order to incorporate new tech into the classroom. Administrators are the most likely individuals to be making decisions for a school on new tech, followed by a school's head of IT or an education tech professional.
Dive Insight:
As more developers enter the ed tech market, it could drive prices down as companies compete to gain the business of school districts. But more must be done by administratorsto ensure they are making the right choice for their classrooms. It is not surprising that administrators are more likely to make tech decisions than school heads of IT or ed tech professionals, as funding cuts mean those positions are dwindling. But as EdSurge noted in a recent piece, that the plethora of options available to administrators complicate the buying process. And many administrators rely heavily on vendors to dictate school needs, rather than going in with a clear picture of what they want and looking for tech which meets those specifications.
But there are also emergent solutions, including websites helping administrators compare prices on comparable education technology. Whatever the solution, administrators must also ensure there is follow-through on the part of educating the faculty in the usage of any new tech. To better understand their options, administrators could consider partnering with third-party non-profit agencies like LEAP Innovations in Chicago and LearnLaunch in Boston, who worked with school administrators in their respective areas to better inform school leaders on tech options. Additionally, a gradual, smart integration of new tech into classrooms will lessen the possibility that teachers will have high out-of-pocket costs once it is instituted.
…Says, We're far ahead of mischief makers
By Omeiza Ajayi
ABUJA: The Independent National Electoral Commission INEC has assured of a credible, free and fair general elections next year, disclosing of measures to safeguard the electoral process, including tracking those behind the purported hawking of Permanent Voter Cards PVCs in some online sales portals.
INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, who disclosed this on Wednesday in Abuja at a consultative meeting with leaders of political parties also warmed politicians to stop seeing the commission as a political party or its personnel as political rivals.
They said the commission is far ahead of mischief makers who may want to subvert the process through making bogus claims or trying to compromise its officials.
“The Commission is aware that as we approach the 2019 general elections there will be a lot of interest in our activities for virtuous and malicious reasons. Only a few days ago, Nigerians were legitimately outraged by the image of a blank PVC advertised by an offshore Company for purchase in the open market.
Within few hours, we contacted the online platform responsible for the advert which promptly removed it. What Nigerians may not know is that it was not a single advertiser. A second company was forced to remove a similar advert and only this morning, the third one was withdrawn.
We have extracted a commitment from alibaba.com to stop this unwholesome practice forthwith and will continue to work with the security agencies to track down those responsible for the advert as well as any prospective buyer of which there are none so far.
We suspect that many dubious enterprises will keep trying openly and in the dark web. We
have anticipated these challenges and we are far ahead of the mischief makers.
Our security source codes are not only robust but continuously enhanced. We wish to reassure Nigerians that our sensitive and non-sensitive materials, processes and procedures are secure”, they stated.
Easy Lift will provide free transportation to individuals who need accessible transportation to the polls on Election Day, Nov. 8.
To make reservations, call 681-1181 from 8 a.m-noon and 1-5 p.m. Reservations will close at 2 p.m. Nov. 7. Transportation will be provided as available.
This service is available through a county initiative to ensure equal access to individuals with disabilities and frail seniors.
For more information regarding voter assistance such as curbside voting and the accessible voting system, AutoMARK, contact Santa Barbara County Registrar of Voters at 1-800-SBC-VOTE.
To learn more about Easy Lift and the services offered, visit www.easylift.org.
— Adriana Marroquin for Easy Lift.
President Barack Obama and the Democrats are finally happy. Liberated from thoughts of compromise with Republicans, they can fully indulge their most lascivious pleasure — trashing rich people.
“We simply cannot afford these special lower rates for the wealthy,” President Obama declared in their Rose Garden message Monday.
“Give ‘em hell, Barry,” cheered Hendrik Hertzberg of The New Yorker.
Hertzberg was chipper. Not so of Paul Krugman from The New York Times, the Democratic Party's choleric scold: “The rage of the rich has been building ever since Mr. Obama took office,” they glowered. “And among the undeniably rich, a belligerent sense of entitlement has taken hold: It's their money, and they have the right to keep it.” Imagine.
The president, brimming with indignation, asserts that hedge fund managers are paying taxes at a lower rate than teachers and firefighters. “How can you defend that?” they demand.
You don't have to defend that, because it isn't true. This synthetic outrage about the taxes paid by the super-rich — the so-called Buffett Rule — is the greatest waste of political time and energy in recent memory.
As Stephen Moore, an economics writer for The Wall Street Journal, has observed, we cannot know with certainty what Warren Buffett paid in taxes. (And they are certainly free to write a larger check to the IRS.) But “according to the Congressional Budget Office, middle-class families in 2007, earning between $34,000 and $50,000, paid an effective 14.3 percent of their income in all federal taxes. The top 5 percent of income earners paid 27.9 percent and the top 1 percent paid 29.5 percent. And what about the highest earners? Americans with annual incomes above $2 million paid an average 32 percent of their income in federal taxes in 2005 (the most recent year for which data are available).”
In 2008, Charlie Gibson questioned President Obama about their desire to raise the capital gains tax. Gibson reminded candidate Obama that Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush had reduced the capital gains tax rate. “And in each instance, when the rate dropped, revenues from the tax increased; the government took in more money. And in the 1980s, when the tax was increased to 28 percent, the revenues went down. So why raise it at all, especially given the fact that 100 million people in this country own stock and would be affected?”
“Well, Charlie,” Obama replied, “what I've said is that I would look at raising the capital gains tax for purposes of fairness.”
So it isn't a matter of raising revenue — and by most estimates, the amount raised by a millionaires surtax would be trifling compared with the size of the national debt — it's a matter of sticking it to those guys with the “belligerent sense of entitlement” towards their right to own property.
Well, I'm for the rich, and not just because the top 1 percent of earners in America paid 38 percent of income taxes in 2008. And not just because I suspect that attempting to tax the rich more will only lead to more tax avoidance, not more tax revenues for the federal government. I'm for the rich because, with some exceptions, they've earned their money. A Prince & Associates study found that only 10 percent of multimillionaires had inherited their wealth.
In the process of earning their wealth, the rich have created products, services and whole industries that have dramatically improved my work life, my family life and my health. I'm so grateful to them for the GPS, iPads, non-drowsy antihistamines, smartphones, XM radio and The Teaching Company courses — to name only a few advances of the past decade or two.
I'm for the rich because nearly all of the rich people I've met are extremely public-spirited. They volunteer. They form committees to improve things in their communities. And they are incredibly generous with their money. As Arthur C. Brooks of the American Enterprise Institute notes, “The top 10 percent of households in income are responsible for at least a quarter of all the money contributed to charity, and households with total wealth exceeding $1 million give about half of all charitable donations.” In general, I think they probably make wiser choices in their charitable giving than the federal government would make if it took their money and spent it.
I'm for the rich because they create the dynamism and energy of a growing economy. The rich create businesses and hire people. A wealthy person gave me my first job. And I'll bet the same is true of you.
I'm for the rich and for all the people who simply want an opportunity to become rich — opportunities that are becoming scarcer with every passing day of Obama's presidency.
— Mona Charen of National Review magazine writes for Creators Syndicate. Click here for more information or to contact them Follow Mona Charen on Twitter: @mcharen.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A courageous youngster who often asks, "will it be today that I walk again mum?' has been nominated for a Burton Mail Heroes award.
Beau and their six-year-old twin brother Seth Machin defied doctors and beat the odds when they were born 14 weeks premature, weighing just 1lb 10oz each.
Seth is now a perfectly healthy youngster but Beau struggles with major health issues, including not being able to walk due to cerebral palsy.
But all that could change if the plucky youngster with an "infectious smile" manages to raise enough funds to travel to Missouri in the USA to undergo a life-changing private operation.
Despite there being no cure for Cerebral Palsy, there is a vital surgery available called SDR Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy.
The operation involves cutting some of the damaged sensory nerve fibres which are causing muscle stiffness that come from the muscles and enter the spinal cord.
Mum Georgina said: "To see our two lads playing together in the garden would be indescribable.
"Beau sometimes says 'will it be today that I walk again mum?.' It's very difficult, but I try to answer as honestly as I can.
"I tell them their brain was poorly and the part that was poorly was the part that tells their legs what to do."
Beau has always been a fighter after suffering a devastating bleed on their brain, said their mum.
The twins spent the first few months of their lives undergoing surgery in hospital with complications ranging from perforated bowels to chronic lung disease, they said.
But the tots defied medics' predictions time and again - and were eventually able to go home to live with parents Andy and Georgina in Uttoxeter.
Now Seth is enjoying a healthy childhood. But life is very different for Beau who is unable to walk without a frame and needs daily physiotherapy as their muscles deteriorate by the day.
The family say the American operation is Beau's "last hope" of ever being able to play football with their brother after exhausting every other option.
They have tried botox in Beau's muscles, physiotherapy and "everything else" they could think of - but nothing has worked.
The Selective Dorsal Rhizotomy (SDR) procedure and subsequent rehab Beau needs is likely to cost £75,000.
Lorry driver Andy and full-time mum Georgina, aged 42 and 41 respectively, have set up the Beau's Boots are Made for Walking web page to gather online donations.
Georgina said: "Beau is my hero, they have always shown a tremendous amount of strength and determination. They try their hardest to keep up with their peers.
"Beau always works so hard as daily tasks like even sitting is even more strenuous, yet despite this they love to make people laugh with their witty sense of humour or tickling them.
"He has the most loving heart and often will stop whatever they are doing and say 'huggie time' and gives a big cuddle.
"He has been through so much already, already having four operations, but they always have a smile and never complains.  They are our hero!"
Donations towards Beau's operation can be made online at www.justgiving.com/campaigns/charity/just4children/beausbootsaremadeforwalking
Beau has been nominated for The Courage Award, sponsored by Close Brothers Asset Finance, as part of our Burton Mail Heroes Awards.
Sharon Chalkley, managing director of Close Brothers Asset Finance Transport based in Burton, said: "It is so important to us, and such a privilege for Close Brothers, that we can demonstrate our support for our local community by sponsoring these awards.
"We're delighted to sponsor the Courage Award; a fantastic category which recognises people in the Burton area who have faced incredibly tough challenges, and have risen to face them with astounding bravery.
"The nominees' stories this year have been incredibly moving, and I'm really looking forward to getting together with the rest of the local community to celebrate the exceptional people we have here in Burton."
Close Brothers Asset Finance is a leading asset finance company, providing finance for businesses buying new or used vehicles or equipment.
Backed by the leading UK merchant bank Close Brothers, the company offers effective solutions for SMEs who need fast and flexible funding with Hire Purchase, Lease and Refinance.
To nominate your hero and say the biggest thank you of all, all you need to for do is fill out this form.
There are awards for:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Banging a balloon on someone's head isn't usually the way to endear yourself to them.
But for one adorable little two-year-old, their actions did just that.
So much so that when the toddler and their family, who were dining at a restaurant, went to pay their bill, they found the man involved had paid it for them.
Now they want to trace them to say a huge thank you for the gesture which has left them "in tears", reports Wales Online.
Lisa and their partner Philip, and two children were dining at Frankie and Benny's in Cardiff when the incident happened on Monday.
Lisa said they were facing a long wait and the waiter gave two-year-old Luca, a balloon and colouring book to keep them amused.
But while waiting for their food to arrive, Luca hit the gentleman sitting next to them on the head with the balloon.
The family apologised and asked to be moved to another table so the man could eat their dinner in peace.
“He responded saying ‘no, it's fine' and was talking to us, but we moved anyway out of respect.”
But when they went to pay, Lisa was shocked to find they had paid their bill, including extra ice cream.
“I couldn't believe it,” they said.
“Me and my boyfriend both had tears in our eyes, it was such a kind thing to do.
“Luca was being a bit of a bugger. I think they were getting restless because it was quite busy when we went.
The family had each eaten two courses at the Cardiff branch, with Luca enjoying spaghetti and meatballs, and the bill had come to around £70.
Lisa said that when they had finished their food they asked for the bill and the waiter came over with a huge smile on them face.
“She came over and said they were excited to tell us because it had never happened in there before.
“I know there's a slim chance of finding him, but I would love to repay them and buy them a meal.”
Lisa added: “Going out with the children can be stressful sometimes. It's really nice that rather than getting annoyed about it they did that.
“I still can't believe it, I've told all of my friends and family.
“It just goes to show there are some lovely people out there.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Crusaders and the All Blacks have been dealt a big blow with the news Sam Whitelock has been ruled out of their team's match against the Chiefs in Hamilton on Saturday.
The experienced lock and new All Blacks captain now must be in doubt for the first test against France due to their concussion symptoms, although Crusaders coach Scott Robertson said Whitelock had improved significantly from a head knock suffered against the Waratahs nearly three weeks ago.
It means Whitelock will miss three matches before the All Blacks test at Eden Park a week on Saturday, a state of affairs that will not please coach Steve Hansen, who would have received a thorough breakdown of the issues from the player themselves at the All Blacks training camp at the start of the week.
The 29-year-old Whitelock, who has played 96 tests, was on the sidelines in Christchurch as the All Blacks ran through their paces so it's probably no surprise that they are missing another week. In their absence against the Hurricanes last weekend, All Black Scott Barrett and Quinten Strange stood up for the red and blacks and the onus will go that pair again against an impressive Chiefs scrum.
Advertisement
To compound matters for the Crusaders and Hansen, midfielder Ryan Crotty will also miss the Chiefs match due to concussion. It will be the second match Crotty has missed due to the injury suffered against the Blues a fortnight ago.
Crotty's injury could open the door at the All Blacks for the uncapped Jack Goodhue, but with Chiefs loose forward Sam Cane also lacking game time and likely to miss the crunch derby at Waikato Stadium, the All Blacks are beginning to look very light on experience.
Crusaders Ryan Crotty is injured. Photo / Photosport
"They weren't quite ready so we're giving them another week to come right," Robertson said of Whitelock and Crotty. "It's a week by week thing so we'll see what happens next week."
But, they said, the pair had gone through a "massive improvement. When you go through these processes it is a day-to-day thing and they're great. Maybe if the game was on Sunday they could have been available so it's that close."
The good news for Robertson is that All Black loosehead prop Joe Moody will make a welcome return from their two-match suspension. Like before the Hurricanes match which the Crusaders, against the odds given their absence of top personnel, won 24-13, Robertson is backing their squad.
"We're not focusing on who we haven't got in there but who we have got there… we trust our depth and every time we've given someone an opportunity they've taken it."
More developments concern the move by loose forward Pete Samu, an Australian, to make themselves available for the Wallabies after signing with the Brumbies next season.
Samu's release is yet to be agreed by New Zealand Rugby, but Robertson said it was only a matter of time before they played for Australia.
"We'll support New Zealand Rugby's decision," Robertson said. "He's going to be a Wallaby at some stage isn't he? If that's in June good on him… he's an Australian who wants to play for Australia. He's good enough to be a Wallaby."
Asked whether Samu's decision could count against them at the Crusaders, Robertson said: "He's contracted to the Crusaders – if they play well enough he'll play.
"It's not an issue at all – I think it's just professional sport."
Fortunately, the Crusaders have signed Whetu Douglas for two years as a replacement for Samu. Douglas played six times for Robertson's men last year and impressed hugely before having to honour a prior commitment with Italian club Treviso.
Crusaders team to play Chiefs at Waikato Stadium on Saturday, kick-off 7.35pm is:
David Havili, Israel Dagg, Seta Tamanivalu, Jack Goodhue, George Bridge, Richie Mo'unga, Bryn Hall, Jordan Taufua, Matt Todd (c), Heiden Bedwell-Curtis, Quinten Strange, Scott Barrett, Michael Alaalatoa, Codie Taylor, Joe Moody.
Reserves: Andrew Makalio, Wyatt Crockett, Donald Brighouse, Luke Romano, Ethan Blackadder, Mitchell Drummond, Mitchell Hunt, Jone Macilai.
CLOSE This simple how-to dresses up pre-made pizza dough with a festive, delicious twist. Time
SPAR offers two locations to drop off your letters to Santa. (Photo: Jill Meier/Brandon Valley Challenger)
Each year, the City of Shreveport and SPAR help children get their letters to Santa via the “Santa Express.” Santa will reply to all letters they receive (as long as a return address is included with the letter).
The “Santa Express” mailboxes are in two Shreveport locations. Letters to Santa may be delivered at;
• The lobby of Government Plaza, 505 Travis Street (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.)
• Bilberry Park Community Center, 1902 Alabama (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.).
Letters may be dropped off through Dec. 21 (remember to include a return address).
For more information, contact Santa's helper, Becky, at 673-6418.
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/life/2017/12/12/service-delivers-letters-santa/941791001/
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Kawakawa fish gather during their spawning period making them vulnerable to fishermen. Picture: SUPPLIED
FIJI will run a seasonal ban on kawakawa and donu from June to September next year.
In a statement, cChange Fiji's director Scott Radway said this was in line with the country's commitment to the seasonal ban on the fishing and sale of kawakawa during its peak breeding months during the UN Ocean Conference in New York, US last week.
Mr Radway, who praised Fiji's commitment, said the move would greatly help in the boosting of the declining stocks of the high-valued fish.
"As part of the kawakawa commitment, Fiji also laid out a series of other management measures for kawakawa and donu, including improved collection of fisheries data," they said. This would include the monitoring of markets for undersize fish, and work with stakeholders to protect the sites across Fiji where the fish breed.
"The management of kawakawa and donu will act as a flagship for sustainable use of valuable inshore fish resources in the Pacific, which have received very little management attention to date in the region."
Speaking during Ocean Conference in New York, Minister for Fisheries Semi Koroilavesau said Government intended to ensure the fish species continued to provide substantial benefits to coastal communities in Fiji.
"The commitments were a product of three full months of multi-stakeholder meetings in Fiji to improve the sustainable management of ocean resources," they said.
"Kawakawa and donu, commonly called grouper, are particularly vulnerable because they gather predictably each year in the same spots to breed.
"The proposed seasonal ban follows the three years of outreach through the 4FJ campaign, an initiative that aimed to build public support for improved management of kawakawa and donu."
Mr Radway said they were hopeful Fiji's meaningful commitment would spur more countries to follow suit.
An electrically charged surface replicating the looks of ink on paper is called Electronic Paper Display (EPD). Electronic Paper Display is extremely thin and require power only when a new page is requested. The main use of the electronic paper technology is to ease and develop the comfort of e-book reading. During the recent years this market has grown with efficient advancements in the Electronic paper display devices.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electronic-paper-display-market.html
Presently, the Electronic Paper Display market is in a phase of growth and expected to rise further by 2024. This is primarily because of the new applications of EPD in a wide range of outdoor and indoor displays such as digital signage, electronic shelf labels, and traffic lights.
The rate of adoption of the technology seems to be high, especially in the developed countries, with United States leading the revenue generation.
The prime factors driving the growth of the Electronic Paper Display market are rising demand of ‘on the move information', increasing number of electronic readers, and the development of easy to use display devices. Moreover, the added benefits of low power consumption seems to be crucial in propelling the global EPD market.
Global warming is a recent event of crucial importance which is attracting the attention of global audience. The main cause of global warming is the worldwide deforestation. With the rising public awareness regarding the importance of environment and the harmful effects of global warming, initiatives are taken to reduce the consumption of paper. And, since Electronic Paper Display is a close substitute of paper this is another important factor driving the global EPD market.
Although, despite all the above mentioned factors, global Electronic Paper Display market is restrained by the fact that its growth is dependent on the worldwide consumer acceptance of the digital Content. The Electronic Paper Display (EPD) is mostly used in the Electronic reading devices and presently a decline in the e-readers market, has restrained the EPD market to some extent. The prime reason for such a decline is the increasing usage of smart phones and tablets. Tablets and smart phones are close substitutes to EPD (Electronic Paper Display), as they are also used for reading applications and documents besides having a host of other functions. Moreover, the prices of these smart phones and tablets are very competitive with respect to EPDs. This is a crucial factor holding the market back.
Furthermore, high manufacturing cost, electronic complexity, and low switching speed might hinder the growth of the Electronic Paper Display market. However, the rise in investment and a potential to explore virgin markets can be expected to provide avenues for the growth of the EPD market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15026
The global Electronic Paper Display market can be segmented on the basis of application, technology and geography. By application the global E-paper display market can be categorized into mobile displays, wearable technology, public displays, retail, and Electronic book reader.
EPD is compatible with various other applications. Although, the main application of EPD is to provide comfortable reading. Moreover, the technology can also be used for in-store advertising and advertisement at public places. In addition, EPD (Electronic Paper Display) is also used for displaying public messages such as schedule for public transport. During the recent years the EPD is also being increasingly adopted by a large number of companies for products such as smartcards and wristwatches.
On the basis of technology the Electronic Paper Display market can be segregated into curve screen, foldable screen, bendable screen, and flat screen. The flat screen command the lion share of the market, segmented on the basis of technology, owning almost half of the maturity of the market.
In addition, by geography the Electronic Paper Display market can be segmented into Europe, North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. North America dominates the EPD market, as a high proportion of the population in this region are early adopters of the EPD technology.
The key vendors in the market are Plastic Logic (Germany), Pervasive Displays, Inc. (Taiwan), NEC (Japan), and Amazon.com, Inc. (U.S). Other major vendors include Seiko Epson Corporation (Japan), Samsung (South Korea), Qualcomm (U.S), LG (South Korea) and Delta Electronics (Taiwan).
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — A life-size bronze statue of a red-haired, freckled Archie will soon greet visitors at a New Hampshire town in honor of the local man who drew the comic book character and their group of wholesome teenage friends.
Bob Montana illustrated Archie, Betty, Veronica and Jughead from 1942 until their death in 1975 at age 54. They lived in Meredith, New Hampshire, for 35 years until they died from a heart attack while cross-country skiing.
"It is a privilege to be able to draw attention to one of our community members who did so much and did it so quietly and so well," said Monica Philbin, executive director of the Greater Meredith Program.
The Greater Meredith Program, a community development nonprofit, raised nearly $57,000 for the project in less than six months mostly from residents. Architect Chris Williams originally suggested the idea to honor the former Meredith resident with an Archie statue. Williams said no other sculpture of the character exists anywhere.
Advertisement
The one-of-a-kind statue will be commemorated Aug. 9 in Meredith's Community Park to coincide with the town's 250th anniversary.
Montana brought the Archie Andrews character to life when they drew the first "Archie" comic strip while renting a cottage on Lake Waukewan in 1942. They were joined by other illustrators over the years, including Tom Moore, who also chronicled Archie's escapades from 1953 until they retired in the 1980s.
The comic strip was distributed in newspapers nationwide a few years later. Its popularity led the company that originally published the comic books, MLJ Comics, to change their name to Archie Comic Publications in 1946. Over the years, the comic sold billions of copies worldwide and inspired several television shows including "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" and "Riverdale."
In a book about Montana's life, author Carol Lee Anderson noted that they placed Archie at various New Hampshire landmarks, including Lake Winnipesaukee, and even modeled characters after people in the Lakes Region town. Archie's gang of friends were said to be inspired by the cartoonist's high school classmates in Haverhill, Massachusetts, and Montana used drawings of their characters for community fundraisers, including an effort to save a mill building in Laconia.
"My father was very proud to be able to earn their living by bringing a smile to people's faces," said their daughter Lynn Montana, who lives in Meredith. "He wanted to empower Archie as a force of good that was bigger than the comic strip."
Despite their fame, Lynn said their father was a humble and private man, partially why they raised their family in "peaceful" Meredith.
"In their eyes, Archie was famous, but they were not," Lynn said.
Montana's impact in Meredith went beyond the comic strip. They had a vision of turning Meredith into an art colony, their daughter said, at one point converting a gas station into an art studio and frame shop. They introduced several artists to the small town and created a local theater group.
Montana once united the community to change zoning laws, which prevented commercial development from being built along the waterfront in Meredith. They also successfully fought to have the town's parking meters removed, according to their daughter.
"He was a lot more than just a cartoonist, they were a wonderful friend, neighbor and leader in our community," said the project's chairperson, Jim McFarlin, adding that there are still people in Meredith who remember the days when Montana would take children out for rides in their 1923 Model T Ford, the same car Archie drove in early comics.
The beaming statue will sit on a bench and look toward their workshop, now vacant, where Montana spent their days quietly drawing cartoons. The Belarusian artist commissioned to do the sculpture, Valery Mahuchy, said they want to bring people together and offer unity with the statue.
"It's like a dream come true to have my father permanently honored in the town and we're so grateful to the community for supporting it in the way they have," Lynn said. "It's a testament to my dad's work that it's still alive and meaningful to people today."
By Michael Eboh & Jacob Isaac
Oil producing communities in Nigeria, under the auspices of Host Communities Producing Oil and Gas in Nigeria, HOSCON, have accused the governments of oil producing states of mismanaging the 13 per cent Derivation allocation over the last 16 states.
Addressing newsmen in Abuja at its First National Conference on the 13per cent Derivation Fund, National President of HOSTCOM, Mr. Mike Emuh, called on the Federal Government to henceforth, stop remitting the 13 per cent derivation allocation to the states.
According to him, the law, as amended in the 1999 Constitution, Section 162, Sub-section 2, states that 13 percent derivation should be given to the host communities, adding that there is no law in Nigeria that stated that the 13 percent derivation should be given to a state governor or to a local government.
“It was a gross misplacement of priority that the13 per cent derivation funds were given to governors who lavished the money for the past 16 years without any development — human capital development and infrastructural development.
“Over 10 trillion naira had gone down the drain by those that claimed the money by then and this wrong act is still in practice till now.”
They called on the Federal Government to respect the law by paying the money directly to the oil producing communities, since the law said the money belongs to the host communities.
“We are aware that it would not be an easy task because the governors that are holding the 13 per cent derivation will not let it go.
But we are saying that we need our money, we need our 13 per cent derivation that is why we are here,” they added.
They called for the restructuring of the various oil producing areas development commissions set up by the various states.
They said the Boards of the commissions should be dissolved and ownership of the commissions taken from the state governments and handed to the host communities to manage.
They said, “Basically, these agencies are lame agencies in the sense that 50 per cent of the13 per cent derivation was granted to DESOPADEC of Delta state, 40 per cent was allocated to similar agencies in Abia, Edo, Ondo and other state till date. Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Bayelsa and others failed to give any percentage or to establish the agency.
“Who controls this percentage? It is the Governors of the state that controls the agency; they appointed the commissioners. Let me give an example. The 13 percent monthly inflow of the fund to Delta state is not less than N10 billion. 50 per cent of that is N5 billion every month. N5 billion multiplied by 12 months, it will give us 60 billion.
“I can assure you that till date N60 billion, N50 billion or N40 billion have never one day been released to the DESOPADEC; so it is just a name.
“Let those agencies be collapsed; let host communities control these agencies; let they do the nomination and let them design the project, execute it and supervise it.”
Emuh further commended the Federal Government for agreeing to engage host communities in the protection of pipeline and other oil assets, stating that the communities are the ones who understand the terrain and are capable of ensuring that a lasting solution is arrived at in terms of curbing vandalism.
An Uber self-driving car drives on March 28, 2017, in San Francisco. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
A self-driving Uber car struck and killed a pedestrian early Monday morning in Tempe, Arizona, marking the first pedestrian fatality of the self-driving car era in the United States.
The woman, 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, died at the hospital of their injuries. The vehicle was in autonomous mode, Tempe police told a local ABC affiliate, and an operator—capable of taking control of the car at any moment—was behind the wheel. “Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” Uber said in a statement. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.” The company is also pausing driverless car operations in Phoenix and elsewhere.
Arizona has established itself as a testing ground for Uber and Google's Waymo, each of which has deployed fleets of autonomous vehicles on the streets of the Phoenix metro. Sunny days and reliable car-centric infrastructure make the area well-suited for the evolving technology, which struggles with unusual road and weather conditions.
More importantly, Arizona has leveraged its reputation as a regulation-free, disruption-friendly state. Waymo has been testing self-driving cars in the Phoenix metro since last spring, including cars without assisting drivers since November—a move that few states allow. Quartz reported last month that Waymo was given a license in January to operate a taxi service in Arizona and hoped to have a commercial self-driving service on the market by the end of 2018. Uber, meanwhile, had deployed self-driving trucks in Arizona earlier this month. Just this month Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey drafted the state's first set of rules for autonomous vehicles.
Monday's incident will be a test for how many citizens are willing to tolerate AV experimentation on public roads. So far, there has been little public pushback as politicians and regulators race to welcome the AV industry. But there have been only a few notable accidents. In July 2016, a driver using Tesla autopilot died when their car drove into the back of a tractor-trailer. A self-driving Uber ran a red light in San Francisco just hours after the company first deployed the technology there.
You can expect that Uber, local regulators, and tech evangelists will make much of the Tempe police report that the woman was outside a crosswalk, although North Mill Avenue—the eight-lane road the victim was attempting to cross—has only one crosswalk in nearly two miles of road, making jaywalking a requirement of the urban design. (Jaywalking arrests and pedestrian fatalities are also disproportionately concentrated in communities of color.)
The crash will bolster street safety advocates' case that regulators and companies are putting people at risk by experimenting on city streets. One of the central arguments for self-driving cars in the long term is that they will be safer than human drivers. In the short term, Google has gone to great lengths to reassure the public that the technology is safe, funding a project called “Let's Talk Self-Driving” in collaboration with the National Safety Council, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, and other road safety advocates. The Uber crash could jeopardize that narrative.
Royal Bank of Scotland's finance chief quit unexpectedly on Wednesday and cast doubt on the timing of a possible sale of some of the British government's controlling stake.
Former investment banker Ewen Stevenson declined to say where they were going or exactly when at the bank's agm.
“You'll know when there is news to tell,” they told reporters at RBS's headquarters in Edinburgh, where the meeting was held, while RBS said a leaving date would be confirmed in due course.
Asked about reports the government could start selling down its more than 70 per cent RBS stake this week, Mr Stevenson said a sell-off in bank stocks sparked by nervousness over political developments in Italy and Spain made this unlikely.
“I'd be surprised if now was an optimal time to sell,” the 52-year-old New Zealander who became CFO in 2014, said.
Dismissed speculation
RBS was rescued in a £45.5 billion (€52 billion) bailout by the British government during the 2008 financial crisis and has spent the last decade shedding trillions of dollars of assets and dealing with the legal and regulatory hangover from an unfettered pre-2008 global expansion.
Mr Stevenson joined RBS in May 2014 after 25 years at Credit Suisse and has led turnaround efforts with the bank's chief executive Ross McEwan, who arrived six months earlier.
Mr McEwan, who has dismissed speculation about their own departure, told reporters at the agm they had only heard of Mr Stevenson's plan to depart in the last 24 hours.
“I'm sad to lose Ewen, he's done a fantastic job,” Mr McEwan, a fellow New Zealander said.
The bank's shares, which have gained about 2.8 per cent since the bank's full-year results in February, were down 1.4 per cent to 276p in afternoon trading.
– Reuters
Date: 18-20, August, 2018|Venue: China Import & Export Fair Complex(Area B)
2018 marks the beginning to implement the “spirit of 19th CPC National Congress of P.R.C”, and the key year to carry out the 13th five-year plan. At present, China is advancing the supply-side structural reform of animal husbandry and accelerating the pace of development and construction in modern animal husbandry.
On 18-20, August, 2018, Guangzhou International Intensive Livestock & Feed Processing Industry Exhibition (GILE2018) and Guangzhou International Meat Industry Exhibition will be held in Area B, China Import & Export Fair Complex, in order to promote the development of modern animal husbandry, to construct a platform for meeting the supply and demand of livestock, boosting industrial cooperation and driving forward the technological innovation and industrial upgrading of the livestock feed industry. Based on South China, the show will extend its influence across the country and even the world. We are committed to making GILE2018 become the premier event in livestock feed industry in China
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairperson Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While they did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairperson of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — Unification is an idea that moves most Koreans, North and South, on an emotional level.
For some, especially young people in the South, it may not be a burning issue. Details like the costs, the risks and what specifically both sides stand to gain are rarely given much thought by anyone who isn't an academic, politician or activist.
But when North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in meet on Friday, the prospect of unification, even if only in the abstract, will loom large around them.
Can Kim's nuclear-armed North and the K-pop capitalism of Moon's South ever merge into One Korea? Both leaders come to the table with distinct visions of what that would look like. And they are very different.
——
THE DEMOCRATIC FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF KORYO
After failing to take the South by force in the 1950s, North Korea's founder and “eternal president,” Kim Il Sung, announced a plan for what they thought a unified Korea should look like back in 1980.
They called it the Democratic Federal Republic of Koryo. Koryo was an ancient Korean kingdom from which the word Korea is derived.
Kim's plan was for an arrangement something along the lines of what Hong Kong has with China, a unified nation with two separate systems of government.
Under their plan, the North and South would respect each other's ideology, social system and autonomy. Both sides would have an equal number of representatives in a supreme national assembly with equal rights and responsibilities. The assembly would also have representatives of Koreans overseas. It would have a standing committee that would administer state affairs.
Kim stressed the need for this new federation to remain neutral and independent, avoiding in particular military alliances with others.
Not surprisingly, that looks a lot like North Korea today, with its Supreme People's Assembly, and the party's Politburo and Central Committee overseeing day-to-day policies. Even the name smacks of the North, which is officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
An equal number of assembly seats would be a good deal for the North, which has half the South's population. The inclusion of Koreans overseas would boost that advantage even further since, for historical reasons, more often than not they have at least nominal allegiance to Pyongyang, not Seoul.
With so many devils lurking in the details, Kim's grand plan has never gotten much traction.
——
A KOREAN COMMONWEALTH AND BEYOND
South Korea's three-step proposal ends in a similarly predictable place: its own system writ large across the peninsula.
The first priority, according to South Korea's Unification Ministry, is to develop a sustainable relationship and resolve the issue of North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
Seoul wants to substitute the unstable armistice that ended the fighting of the 1950-53 Korean War with a permanent peace treaty — a goal Pyongyang shares. This step could get a boost on Friday — it will almost certainly be taken up then and probably again at the summit between Kim and President Donald Trump in May or early June.
South Korea wants to then develop trust and co-operation to the point where a sort of national consensus has been achieved. After a transitional commonwealth period, the next step would be the formation of a single market on the Korean Peninsula “to create new growth engines and create an inter-Korean economic community of coexistence and co-prosperity.”
“We will build a new economic order that will bring peace and prosperity to the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia,” the ministry concludes.
The essentials of this plan were announced by President Roh Tae-woo in September 1989.
The succession of administrations that have taken office in the South since Roh have adhered fairly predictably to the principle of gradual, peaceful progress, while calibrating their willingness to engage with Pyongyang based on their assessment of its level of vulnerability or hostility.
In the long run, however, it makes no provision for a one-state, two-system future.
Ultimately, Seoul believes, the North Korean system has to go.
——
Talmadge is the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief. Follow them on Twitter and Instagram @EricTalmadge
MONTREAL — A sentencing hearing is underway for ex-Montreal mayor Michael Applebaum.
The longtime local politician was found guilty last month of eight of the 14 corruption-related charges against him.
Applebaum's son, Dylan, said this morning their father has lived under the cloud of criminal charges for more than three years.
They say they worry about their father's health and that Applebaum seems defeated and sad.
The younger Applebaum says their father isn't able to work in real estate due to the notoriety of their case.
They testified that their entire family relies on their father.
"You can see that it has affected him, mentally and physically," the 23-year-old said in sometimes tearful testimony.
A judge convicted Applebaum of various charges including fraud against the government, breach of trust and conspiracy.
They were acquitted on two charges, while four others were conditionally stayed because of the guilty verdicts on the more serious charges.
They face a maximum of five years in jail.
The charges stemmed from two separate deals between 2007 and 2010 when they were mayor of Montreal's largest borough.
They served briefly as Montreal mayor in 2012-2013.
The Canadian Press
The United Kingdom and the European Union must negotiate a deal that will allow the single electricity market on the island of Ireland to continue after the UK's departure from the bloc, a Brexit minister told a conference in London on Friday.
Robin Walker said the creation of a larger wholesale market created opportunities to drive competition, increase liquidity, access a wider range of generation on the island, and share costs, including information-technology systems.
“We know that the single electricity market has helped contribute to downward pressure on prices and improved energy security across the island. The obvious benefits the single electricity market has brought to people across the island has therefore hardened our resolve that they are protected,” they said.
“We know there are challenges, of course. The single electricity market is an entirely unique arrangement, although the EU has been working towards closer integration across Europe . . . These challenges notwithstanding, we believe it is in everybody's interest to come to a solution which facilitates the continuation of the single electricity market.”
“Lack of clarity”
Mr Walker was speaking at a seminar on the future of the UK-Ireland energy relationship hosted by the British Irish Chamber of Commerce and Energy UK, a trade association that lobbies on behalf of the energy industry. A number of speakers lamented the lack of clarity about what kind of trading relationship the UK wanted with the EU after Brexit.
Mr Walker said that, although the UK would leave the single market and the customs union, it wanted a close and ambitious relationship with the EU. “We want to see zero tariffs on trading goods and the minimum of regulatory and market-access barriers for both goods and services. We believe that such arrangements will be in the interests of those on both sides of the Channel and the Irish Sea.”
Before they start negotiating a future trading relationship, the UK and EU must agree the terms of a transition period for up to two years after Brexit. Mr Walker said the UK would follow all EU rules during the transition but wanted to be consulted about new rules. “We'll want to agree with the EU a way of discussing any new laws that are brought in if we think they are harmful to our interests. This will ensure that the implementation period operates smoothly, allowing us to resolve issues promptly.”
John McGrane, director general of the British Irish Chamber of Commerce, said the voice of business was more important than ever now the Brexit talks are entering a crucial phase. “The role of business is extremely important in providing practical, constructive, patient support to the work of politicians and negotiators, because we think the desire for co-operation is not a strategy any more than worrying is a strategy. But getting on with things we can do is a reasonable strategic approach.”
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are playing their football in the Championship during the 2017-18 season. Garry Monk is the manager.
The club is owned by Birmingham Sports Holdings Limited.
It is the seventh consecutive season they have been playing at this level, the second tier of English football, following their relegation from the Premier League in the 2010/11 campaign.
In recent times Blues have mostly bounced between the Championship and Premier League.
They were promoted to the top flight for the first time in 16 years in 2002 having won the play-off final against Norwich City.
After relegation in 2006, they returned to the Premier League at the first time of asking the following season and achieved another promotion back to the top flight in 2009 after they had been relegated again the previous campaign.
Blues returned to the Championship having been relegated in 2011 and are currently on their seventh manager since.
Chris Hughton, Lee Clark, Gary Rowett, Gianfranco Zola, Harry Redknapp, Steve Cotterill and now Garry Monk have occupied the dugout in that time.
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
Dr. Gary Linker has been named executive director of the Center for Successful Aging in Santa Barbara.
Linker holds a doctorate in clinical psychology and has been a licensed marriage and family therapist for 34 years.  They are the co-founder of Pacifica Graduate Institute and the founder of New Beginnings Counseling Center.
Linker also has a private practice specializing in couples and family building. They enjoy working with people to create programs that make an impact in our community.
They have been married to their wife, Vicky, for 21 years and they have two children, Danielle and Aaron.
The Center for Successful Aging invites the community to come meet Linker at the nonprofit organization's second annual fundraiser, a Catered Savoir Affaire, to be held from 2 to 5 p.m. Nov. 6 at the Rincon Catering & Beach Club, 3805 Santa Claus Lane in Carpinteria. The event, which this year honors community activist Betty Rosness, features 12 outstanding wineries and caterers, and is chaired by chef Michael Hutchings.
Click here for more information on the Center for Successful Aging, or call 805.963.8080. Click here for more information on a Catered Savoir Affaire.
— Marty Golden is a board member of the Center for Successful Aging.
BERLIN (AP) " Former East German champion Dynamo Berlin made it difficult for Schalke in the first round of the German Cup before the Bundesliga side finally prevailed 2-0 on Monday.
Dynamo, which won 10 successive East German titles between 1979-88 amid allegations of match-fixing and politically influenced favors, fared badly after German reunification and now plays at fourth-tier level. It was previously backed by Stasi chief Erich Mielke.
In front of 14,000 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in Berlin, Dynamo did Schalke no favors and the top-flight side was made to sweat before two late goals from Yevhen Konoplyanka finally ensured progress.
Leon Goretzka sent the Ukrainian midfielder through to open the scoring in the 78th minute and Konoplyanka made sure of the win with their second on a counterattack in injury time.
Advertisement
It was Schalke's first win under new coach Domeniko Tedesco, who made headlines last week by dropping Benedikt Hoewedes as captain in favor of goalkeeper Ralf Faehrmann.
Schalke started well and should have gone ahead through Guido Burgstaller before Dynamo got into the game. Matthias Steinborn had the game's best chance before the break when they forced a good save from Faehrmann.
Dynamo goalkeeper Bernhard Hendl produced a brilliant save to deny Goretzka and then another to stop Franco Di Santo before Konoplyanka finally made the breakthrough.
___
OTHER GAMES
Nuremberg defeated second-division rival MSV Duisburg 2-1, and third-division Paderborn upset St. Pauli 2-1.
Hertha Berlin was playing at third-division Hansa Rostock later Monday.
Global sales of moulded fibre pulp packaging was valued at more than US$ 6,000 Mn in 2015 and is projected to reach nearly US$ 11,500 Mn by 2026. Sales revenue is projected to register a CAGR of 5.8% in terms of value during the forecast period (2016–2026). In terms of value, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 5,500 Mn and expand at 1.7X between 2016 and 2026. In terms of volume, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is anticipated to exhibit a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2966
Global Moulded Fibre Pulp Packaging Market Analysis, by End Use
F&B packaging segment expected to register a significantly high CAGR during the forecast period
The F&B packaging segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market during the forecast period, driven by an increase in the consumption of eggs and fruits. However, the segment is expected to lose 159 basis points during the forecast period. In terms of value, the CDEG packaging segment was estimated to constitute 9.8% share and be valued at more than US$ 600 Mn by 2016 end. The segment is projected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period, owing to increasing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in electronics items such as TVs and mobile phones.
Due to reduced shipping and freight costs, moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high traction over the forecast period
The consumer durables and electronics goods packaging segment was valued at nearly US$ 600 Mn in 2015 and is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 6.6% to reach nearly US$ 1,200 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is likely to register a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is expected to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 600 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
In terms of value, mobile phones sub-segment is anticipated to expand 1.8X between 2016 and 2026
In terms of value, the tube light & bulbs sub-segment dominates the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. The sub-segment was anticipated to account for 42.2% value share by 2016 end and is estimated to reach more than US$ 500 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of revenue, the mobile phones sub-segment is projected to account for 27.9% share of the global CDEG packaging segment and is expected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.7% by 2026 end.
Growing concerns over sustainable retail packaging projected to drive sales revenue of moulded fibre pulp packaging
The food & beverage packaging segment was valued at more than US$ 4,000 Mn in 2015 and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.6% to reach nearly US$ 8,000 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 4,000 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2966
Moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high attraction in the F&B industry, due to feasibility in shaping the products with a variety of configurations
In terms of revenue, the egg packaging sub-segment dominates the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This segment accounted for more than 50% share of the market in 2016. The sub-segment is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 4,000 Mn by 2026. In terms of revenue, the fruit segment is projected to account for more than 31% share of the global F&B packaging segment and is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 1,000 Mn by 2026.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/moulded-fibre-pulp-packaging-market
Analyst Viewpoint
Growing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in emerging markets
Asia Pacific offers significant opportunities in the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This is attributed to rapid urbanisation, growing population, and increasing consumer influence. The region accounts for over 60% of the global egg production – China is the largest egg producer in the world. Moreover, other countries such as Vietnam and Malaysia present high growth opportunities in the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market due to advancements in technology, manufacturing, and packaging tools in these countries.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
A bearded man has been caught on security video footage stealing what appears to be underwear from a washing line.
Waikato police have released the CCTV footage in the hope someone will recognise them and come forward.
"Have some CCTV footage of a crook here,'' the post says.
"Have a good look and see if you recognise the person. Would be awesome to get to them before they do this to someone else.''
Advertisement
A police spokesperson confirmed that the man in the video is also wanted in relation to the burglary of a car.
The footage - recorded on Friday, April 6, after midnight - shows the burglar approaching the clothesline, which has several items on it, before shining a torch towards it.
They duck under a few whites before setting their sights on what appears to be a pair of underwear.
They unclip the delicates and carefully places them inside a bag before walking away.
Some members of the public noted it appears the man is wearing woman's shoes.
Can you help? Call Waikato Police: 07 858 6200
With rising usage of online banking and increasing concerns about critical data security, the demand for effective, reliable, and efficient data transfer will continue to gain traction. The global managed file transfer (MFT) software and service market registered the revenues worth 1.15 Bn in 2015, which may spike up to US$ 1.22 Bn by 2016 end.
With expansion of online banking, the threat of cyber-attacks, information and device theft, hacking, phishing, and other security-related issues will continue to emerge. The online banking realm is rapidly thriving in developed as well as developing economies, fuelling the market for managed file transfer. This is anticipated to remain a key factor pushing the market growth. Considered to be a faster, transparent, more reliable, and more secure alternative for intra as well as inter-organisational transfer of heavy confidential data, managed file transfer (MFT) software and services is being increasingly preferred since the recent past. This will remain a major driver to the MFT software and service market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2555
In addition, banking, financial institutions, and defence organisations wherein safety, security, and privacy of information are of paramount, are also expected to fuel the demand for effective MFT solution deployment. Moreover, appropriate MFT solutions further aid in avoidance of loss of data during transfer, fostering the adoption by financial, defence, manufacturing, telecom, entertainment, and other sectors. Technological advancements in MFT software are likely to continue applications in several business verticals, eventually pushing the market for managed file transfer on a global level. Growing popularity and procurement of cloud-based MFT solutions is a current market trend, predicted to generate strong growth opportunities in near future.
On the basis of software, system-centric file transfer software segment is anticipated to dominate other two segments, including people-centric and extreme file transfer segments. The system-centric MFT segment will possibly account for over 62% share of the entire market revenues in 2016, followed by people-centric MFT segment, expected to witness nearly 4.0% of Y-o-Y growth in 2017 over 2016.
By service, the global managed file transfer software and service market will witness continued dominance of maintenance segment.
Based on end-user vertical, the market is currently witnessing the highest growth in the banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI) sector. The demand from BFSI vertical is predicted to remain the highest, generating the maximum revenues to the global market. This growth is primarily attributed to the dynamically evolving BFSI sector and an exploding need for maintaining safety, security, and privacy of confidential data.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2555
Geographically, the global market for MFT software and service is segmented into seven key regions. However, North America is foreseen to remain the dominant market owing to the maximum deployment of technically superior file transfer solutions in a large number of businesses. This region will contribute nearly 45% share to the market revenues in 2016, followed by Western Europe with over 26% share. APAC is expected to witness the fastest growth, followed by Latin America.
IBM Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Wipro Limited, Aspera (an IBM company), Accellion, TIBCO, The Axway Inc., Software AG, CA Technologies Inc., GlobalSCAPE Inc., Signiant Inc., Hightail, SWIFT, and Micro Focus (Attachmate) are some of the key players operating in the global MFT software and service marketplace. A few other notable companies in the competitive landscape include Data Expedition, Saison Information Systems, FileCatalyst, Attunity (RepliWeb), and Primeur.
Long-term Outlook: The global managed file transfer software and service market is anticipated to expand at a moderate CAGR of 6% during 2016-2025. By 2025 end, the market will attain a value of around US$ 2.07 Bn.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/managed-file-transfer-software-and-service-market
Moving Day Inc. is a Colorado Springs based moving company that is celebrating 21 years of serving clients and providing the greatest move at the lowest cost possible. The team at Moving Day Inc. is dedicated to moving your family, or even your business safe and sound to your new location. Moving if one of the most stressful decisions a person can make. You shouldn't spend your time drowning in moving boxes and bubble wrap.You can rest easy knowing that Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services and will even do all of the heavy lifting for you.
“Moving Day inc. was a great selection for our moving needs. They were fast, friendly and respectful of our property. I would recommend this company to friends and family.” (Satisfied Moving Inc customer)
Moving Day Inc. offers a full range of services that includes residential moving, long distance moving,commercial moving, apartment moving, office moving, packing and of course, unpacking. People and businesses are moving to Colorado in record numbers – more than 200,000 people have moved to Colorado in 2013 and 2014 alone, with another 70,000 in 2017. With so many successful moves under their belt, Moving Day Inc. wants your business. This is an affordable, family-owned local moving company whose goal is to get you in your new place as fast as possible.
“Moving Day uses modern, clean vehicles and equipment that are critical for providing our customers with the best possible moving experience. The best part of all? We maintain and own all of the equipment which makes your move secure and safe in every way possible.”
If you want to make your move as painless and easy as possible as you will want to give Moving Day Inc. your business. Their dedicated and friendly team of professionals want to help you settle into your new location. To talk to someone at Moving Day Inc. about moving you to your new home or business, please call them at (719) 531-0250. To inquire about more of the services they offer, visit their website, www.movingday.net/ and see what they can do for you.
Wang Jian was once called crazy by Jack Ma Yun, the founder and executive chairperson of Alibaba Group Holding, for suggesting that the company can have its own mobile operating system.
That vision, however, proved prescient as smartphones powered by the company's YunOS mobile operating platform, which was developed by its Alibaba Cloud subsidiary, already surpassed 100 million units last year, the South China Morning Post reported.
In addition, many of the Hangzhou-based e-commerce company's recent innovations are rooted in Alibaba Cloud, known as Aliyun in China, as domestic demand for data centre facilities and on-demand computing services delivered over the internet have grown rapidly.
"It's not about whether I'm crazy or not, it's about this era," Wang, the chairperson of Alibaba's technology steering committee, said in an interview in Hong Kong, where they met with some journalists to talk about their new book Being Online.
Advertisement
"[This] is a crazy era, so many new things are happening."
Wang, 55, said the city of tomorrow should be able to adapt to its surroundings and inhabitants, almost like a living organism, so that municipal services like public transport, health care and education can be delivered in the right measure and time to minimise waste and optimise usage.
To that end, a city's development would be better determined in future by the amount of computing resources it consumes, said Wang. At present, electricity consumption is widely regarded as the measure of development for cities, they added.
Similarly, the day-to-day behaviour of a city's residents now has little impact on how a city is organised as well as the way its services are planned and developed, said Wang.
That would change with advanced computing technologies that are able to track human behaviour.
"Do you want to take the bus, or is it because it's been put there so you're taking it?" asked Wang, using fixed bus routes as an example of how a city's services are rigid and do not adapt quickly to changing patterns in the behaviour of its residents.
It's not about whether I'm crazy or not, it's about this era. SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Citing the example of a project in northern China, where railway workers were able to tell staff canteens along the line of which meals they plan to have, operators of these dining halls were able to prepare the right amount of food, leading to less waste.
In its home market in the eastern coastal Chinese city of Hangzhou, Alibaba has created a so-called City Brain that uses artificial intelligence – specifically, deep learning technology that teaches computers to learn and perform tasks based on classifying data – to send out instant traffic alerts and route suggestions to motorists.
Alibaba said traffic speed has improved by up to 11 per cent in one of Hangzhou's districts, and that several other cities in China are now also implementing smart transport programmes.
Neil Wang, the Greater China president of consultancy firm Frost & Sullivan, said integrating technology into a city's operations enables traffic to be monitored in real-time and fed back to users, allowing drivers to check traffic conditions and adjust their route during the journey, or even find a vacant parking space via a mobile app.
"Creating a sustainable and self-conscious city with the help of big data technology is the main idea behind this approach," said Wang. "Smart cities can use the latest digital technologies to improve their resource allocation, as well as the quality of life for their residents. In particular, transport, health care, and education are some of the key areas that will benefit."
The global smart cities market, which comprise interrelated domains that impact urban living, is forecast to reach US$1.2 trillion ($1.7t) by 2019, according to research company Technavio in a report published in February. These domains include industry automation, smart grid, security, education, home and building, health care, transport, and water and waste.
In its home market in Hangzhou, Alibaba has created a so-called City Brain that uses artificial intelligence to send out instant traffic alerts and route suggestions to motorists. Picture / AP
New York-listed Alibaba, which owns the South China Morning Post, is not alone in trying to make cities more adaptable to human behaviour. Many other companies, including Google owner Alphabet, are involved in various project around the world that integrate information technology with city planning.
In October, Alibaba said it will double research and development spending to US$15 billion over the next three years to develop futuristic technologies that could transform whole industries, or so-called moon shot projects. To do that, the company will set up research labs around the world and hire scientists.
For Wang, Alibaba's annual Singles' Day shopping festival on November 11 is a testament to the way cloud computing has changed the way people shopped in China. This year's edition of the 24-hour shopping promotion chalked up a record of more than US$25b in sales.
The event is made possible by the coming together of mobile payments, e-commerce and back-end logistics underpinned by cloud computing.
"If you think about it, being able to shop at night while tucked into bed, and having that parcel land on your doorstep the next day is in itself crazy," Wang said.
There will be more inventions that today may look wacky but could be the norm of tomorrow, Wang said. Citing the example of Thomas Edison's light bulb, which made it possible to demonstrate the usage of electricity, they said future applications on the internet may exceed the limits of human imagination today.
"We're just at the beginning of the beginning of the beginning."
South China Morning Post
MIAMI (WSVN) - The Archdiocese of Miami has announced that students in their elementary and high schools in both Miami-Dade and Broward counties will be released early for the upcoming solar eclipse.
According to a press release, students will be dismissed at 11:30 a.m., on Aug. 21, before the eclipse.
It is unknown if public schools in Miami-Dade and Broward will do the same.
We are awaiting word from @MDCPS and @browardschools – how will public schools handle the eclipse? — Frank Guzman (@fguzmanon7) August 14, 2017
According to NASA, this will be the first solar eclipse that will cross the entire continental United States in 99 years.
According to TimeandDate.com, the eclipse will begin in South Florida at 1:26 p.m., with the maximum coverage taking place at 2:58 p.m.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Power Sunroof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto, Inalfa, Inteva, Yachiyo, Mobitech, Aisin Seiki, Wanchao, Mingfang Automotive Parts, Johnan Manufacturing, Motiontec, Shenghua Wave Group, Donghee, Jincheng, DeFuLai.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Power Sunroof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Power Sunroof report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-power-sunroof-market/5904/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Power Sunroof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Inbuilt Sunroof, Spoiler Sunroof, Pop-up Sunroof, Panoramic Sunroof, Others.
Automotive Power Sunroof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: SUV, Sedan & Hatchback, Other Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Power Sunroof Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-power-sunroof-market/5904/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Power Sunroof market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Power Sunroof market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Power Sunroof distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Leicester City held Middlesbrough to a 0-0 away draw in Monday's English Premier League at Riverside.
Super Eagles forward Ahmed Musa made their 15th appearance after coming on for Riyad Mahrez on 71 minutes.
The draw moves Leicester to 14th in the league table, while Middlesbrough are 16th.
Shinji Okazaki had the game's first real chance in the seventh minute but their clever flick inside Middlesbrough's 18-yard box couldn't beat Brad Guzan.
A minute later Christian Fuchs went close for Leicester but dragged their low shot narrowly wide.
Leicester kept creating chances with Riyad Mahrez almost breaking the deadlock on 21 minutes only for Guzan to backtrack and keep the ball from going into the net.
In the 31st minute Alvaro Negredo was close to giving Middlesbrough the lead from a Gaston Ramirez freekick but the Spanish forward could only find the side netting at the far post.
With four minutes remaining Mahrez burst into Middlesbrough 18-yard box but was denied by a timely block by Adam Clayton.
In the 64th minute Middlesbrough were their first substitution with George Friend replacing Antonio Barragan who went off injured.
The second half saw a more determined Middlesbrough side who had a very good chance on 62 minutes but Friend's dangerous ball went across Leicester goal.
Leicester had a chance to take the lead in the 69th minute through Leonardo Ulloa whose powerful header was kept out by Guzan.
With seven minutes remaining Ramirez had Boro's beat chance but dragged their shot wide from close range.
Leicester had the game's last chance from a free-kick but failed to utilise it.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today they call me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
"One of the main sources of our civilization's conflict is the relationship between men and women; and couples are in the center of this issue. The world is full of toxic relationships, specially among youngsters...People are undergoing a ridiculous amount of unnecessary and avoidable pain, struggling to step out of destructive cycles. • Emotional dependence, psychological attachment, possessive attitudes, jealousy, infidelity, lack of good communication and honesty, egoism, disrespectful and violent behaviors, obsessive control, fear, absence of love and freedom...are only some of the unhealthy aspects that unfortunately describe what most of today's relationships are functioning upon. Not to mention the high percentage of divorced marriages, where children have to deal with the consequences of their parents incapability to build and maintain a responsible relationship. • ¿How are we going to create a harmonious and peaceful world if we can't create peace within our homes and among our closest ones? • @katarinamitrovich and I both believe that relationship with other humans is a mirror where we can see reflected the inner qualities of our own being, and so called 'love relationships' reflects them with the purest of clarities. • Interaction with other people -specially our closest ones- brings out multiple reactions, emotions, prejudices, opinions and different type of attitudes. It gives visibility to the subconscious patterns or tendencies of our mind, the unaligned perspectives we interpret life through, the oppressed feelings we treasure or the conditioned beliefs and definitions about everything we hold on to. The revealing of all this through relationship provides us the opportunity to know ourselves better, deeper, become more self-aware. • To transform your relationship into a spiritual practice for the development of Consciousness, for broadening your understanding of the human condition, the reactive mind, the ego structure or the mechanisms of perception of reality can rapidly accelerate your spiritual evolution and push your life to new levels of happiness, joy, wisdom and inner peace... ( ⬇️)
A post shared by David Babunski (@davidbabunski) on Apr 13, 2017 at 7:51am PDT
Wale appeared on the music scene out of nowhere with a new album titled “It's Complicated.” Although the project was unexpected, Wale Dropped “Staying Power” wright before their “It's Complicated” project popped up. Watch Wale find their Staying power with in their lady and their friends through out the visual. From The Airport to the Streets, Wale shows their Staying Power, they seem to back on their feet. Peep Wale, while they push to out rap their opponents…one of things that makes the saying and title “It's Complicated” all worth it in the video below.
Follow The Crown :
http://www.Twitter.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Facebook.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Instagram.com/TheKingSharif
Snapchat – KingSharifSnaps
A new report has recently been published by Persistence Market Research to present a comprehensive analysis of the global deep learning market. Titled ‘Deep Learning Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012 – 2016) & Forecast (2017 – 2027),' this report is an in-depth study of the concept of deep learning and the performance of the global market for deep learning across key end use industry sectors across seven key geographies. The report carefully analyzes the different factors responsible for impacting market revenue growth over a 10 year assessment period from 2017 to 2027 and presents insights on the market growth and performance to investors and other key market stakeholders.
Request Sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/20281
Global Deep Learning Market: Revenue Forecast & Market Dynamics Analysis
According to Persistence Market Research forecasts, the global deep learning market is estimated to be valued at US$ 4,841.2 Mn by the end of 2017 and this is projected to increase to a whopping US$ 261,113.0 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027. This denotes an exponential compound annual growth rate of 49.0% recorded during the period of forecast. This growth can be attributed to a need for better processing hardware, increase in research and development activities in some markets around the globe, and rapid adoption of cloud based technologies across the globe.
However, deep learning requires high performance hardware that is not easily available. Cost is another limiting factor. Also, several enterprises prefer the traditional route over hyperparameter optimization. These factors are expected to restrict revenue growth of the deep learning market in the coming decade. Utilization of deep learning technology in smartphones and medical image analysis for diagnosis of chronic diseases such as cancer; and in virtual patient assistance is trending the global deep learning market.
Global Deep Learning Market: Forecast Analysis by End Use Industry
The global deep learning market is segmented on the basis of end use industry into Manufacturing, Healthcare, Media & Entertainment, Security, Finance, and Others. Finance is the largest segment, expected to hold more than 40% value share of the global deep learning market by 2027. Finance is also expected to be the fastest growing end use industry segment, with a CAGR of 60.1% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the Finance segment is projected to be the most attractive in the global deep learning market during the period of study.
Download TOC: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/20281
Global Deep Learning Market: Forecast Analysis by Region
Seven regional markets are assessed in this report on the global deep learning market. These key geographies are North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan, Japan, and the Middle East and Africa. North America is the leading regional market for deep learning, expected to hold 42.4% share of the global market by 2027 end. APEJ is the second largest regional market, with an estimated value share of just under 26% by the end of the forecast period in 2027. In terms of value, North America is projected to be the most attractive region in the global deep learning market during the period of study.
Global Deep Learning Market: Key Player Insights
The report profiles some of the top companies in the global deep learning market such as Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., IBM Corporation, Facebook Inc., Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., NVIDIA Corp., Amazon.com, Inc., Intel Corporation, Clarifai, Inc., and Deep Instinct Ltd. Key players are looking to adopt a strategy of moving to different sectors with their products from the deep learning algorithm to enhance revenue share in the global market. Companies in the global deep learning market are also focusing on improving their artificial intelligence capabilities and the deep learning service portfolio across multiple industry sectors like electronics retail.
About Us:
Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance.To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes.
Contact Us:
305 Broadway,7th Floor
New York City, NY 10007
United States
+1-646-568-7751
+1 800-961-0353 (USA-Canada Toll free)
Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com
It shouldn't put you off exploring a new country, and the vast majority of people aren't out to rip you off, but wherever you travel, it's important to have your wits about you.
People on Quora have been sharing some scams, tricks and rip-offs they've fallen victim to or witnessed first-hand in different countries.
Here are a few to watch out for…
1. Drivers saying somewhere is closed and taking you somewhere else
“Tuk tuk or taxi drivers will keep telling you that your destination is closed for the day (which is a lie!). Then they will offer to take you to somewhere ‘nice' that are in fact their affiliate shops with seriously inflated prices,” posts blogger Leean Low.
Drivers have also been known to take tourists to a restaurant that sounds a bit like the famous one they've asked to go to, where they'll make a commission. It's common in lots of countries, so ensure you know roughly where you should be going – and its opening hours – beforehand.
2. Giving you something that definitely isn't free
If you're outside a major tourist attraction, beware of any sellers trying to put things on you or give you gifts.
“At Sacré-Cœur (Paris) people will approach you and insist [they] tie a ‘friendship band' on your wrist. Then they will ask you for money. Some will give you a bouquet telling how pretty/handsome you are, then ask you for money. We spent a few hours sitting nearby, and witnessed the scams going on and on,” Low says.
3. The fancy dress photo
It's a classic in many countries, but if someone's dressed up and wants you to take a photo, it's unlikely they're just doing it for fun. Expect to be made to feel like you have to give them money afterwards.
“In Times Square, New York, [there are] people dressed up as superhero characters (which are ill fitting costumes, and these dudes are definitely not endorsed or authorised by the DC or Marvel franchise),” writes Anthony Law. “They obviously prey on the innocent tourists who want their picture taken with them, and afterwards they will ask you for a fee or donation.”
Watch stolen at the airport good start — Ian Harding (@Immicsgo) November 21, 2017
4. Missing valuables at airport security
This is more likely to be other passengers than anyone working at the airport, but it's surprising how many people leave their valuables in full sight at security scanners.
“Putting your watch in the security tray for x-raying along with the baggage is a big risk,” writes Dave Mundow. “I know of several cases where, when the tray comes out the other side, the watch is gone. [It was] taken by another passenger before your tray got down the line to you. Put it in your jacket pocket before putting your jacket in the tray.”
(Thinkstock/PA)
5. The ‘you've won a prize' scam
As you would with any too-good-to-be-true emails that claim you've won money or a holiday, exercise caution while away.
“[In Bali] people will approach you on the street, shopping malls or anywhere, claiming they're from the Indonesian Tourism Board. [They] thank you for visiting their country and allow you to take part in ‘scratch and win'. You will win something, but to get the prize, you will have to get in their car to the place to redeem. You will end up in an out of town hotel, [with them] insisting that you sign up for something (mostly likely a timeshare program) for thousands of dollars,” writes Low.
© Press Association 2018
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Unification is an idea that moves most Koreans, North and South, on an emotional level.
For some, especially young people in the South, it may not be a burning issue. Details like the costs, the risks and what specifically both sides stand to gain are rarely given much thought by anyone who isn't an academic, politician or activist.
But when North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in meet on Friday, the prospect of unification, even if only in the abstract, will loom large around them.
Can Kim's nuclear-armed North and the K-pop capitalism of Moon's South ever merge into One Korea? Both leaders come to the table with distinct visions of what that would look like. And they are very different.
Advertisement
___
THE DEMOCRATIC FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF KORYO
After failing to take the South by force in the 1950s, North Korea's founder and "eternal president," Kim Il Sung, announced a plan for what they thought a unified Korea should look like back in 1980.
They called it the Democratic Federal Republic of Koryo. Koryo was an ancient Korean kingdom from which the word Korea is derived.
Kim's plan was for an arrangement something along the lines of what Hong Kong has with China, a unified nation with two separate systems of government.
Under their plan, the North and South would respect each other's ideology, social system and autonomy. Both sides would have an equal number of representatives in a supreme national assembly with equal rights and responsibilities. The assembly would also have representatives of Koreans overseas. It would have a standing committee that would administer state affairs.
Kim stressed the need for this new federation to remain neutral and independent, avoiding in particular military alliances with others.
Not surprisingly, that looks a lot like North Korea today, with its Supreme People's Assembly, and the party's Politburo and Central Committee overseeing day-to-day policies. Even the name smacks of the North, which is officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
An equal number of assembly seats would be a good deal for the North, which has half the South's population. The inclusion of Koreans overseas would boost that advantage even further since, for historical reasons, more often than not they have at least nominal allegiance to Pyongyang, not Seoul.
With so many devils lurking in the details, Kim's grand plan has never gotten much traction.
___
A KOREAN COMMONWEALTH AND BEYOND
South Korea's three-step proposal ends in a similarly predictable place: its own system writ large across the peninsula.
The first priority, according to South Korea's Unification Ministry, is to develop a sustainable relationship and resolve the issue of North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
Seoul wants to substitute the unstable armistice that ended the fighting of the 1950-53 Korean War with a permanent peace treaty — a goal Pyongyang shares. This step could get a boost on Friday — it will almost certainly be taken up then and probably again at the summit between Kim and President Donald Trump in May or early June.
South Korea wants to then develop trust and cooperation to the point where a sort of national consensus has been achieved. After a transitional commonwealth period, the next step would be the formation of a single market on the Korean Peninsula "to create new growth engines and create an inter-Korean economic community of coexistence and co-prosperity."
"We will build a new economic order that will bring peace and prosperity to the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia," the ministry concludes.
The essentials of this plan were announced by President Roh Tae-woo in September 1989.
The succession of administrations that have taken office in the South since Roh have adhered fairly predictably to the principle of gradual, peaceful progress, while calibrating their willingness to engage with Pyongyang based on their assessment of its level of vulnerability or hostility.
In the long run, however, it makes no provision for a one-state, two-system future.
Ultimately, Seoul believes, the North Korean system has to go.
___
Talmadge is the AP's Pyongyang bureau chief. Follow them on Twitter and Instagram @EricTalmadge
The funeral has taken place in Dublin of Noel Kirwan, “an innocent man”, those who came to say goodbye to them were told, but the latest victim nonetheless of the so-called Kinahan-Hutch gangland feud.
Approximately 400 people were in Our Lady of Lourdes Church on Sean Macdermott Street to hear Fr Hugh O'Donnell describe Mr Kirwan as “an innocent man gunned down in their prime”.
Mr Kirwan (62) was murdered on December 22nd, shot dead in the driveway of their partner's home in Clondalkin. Originally from Railway Street in the north-east inner city, they were friendly with members of the Hutch family.
As young man, they had been involved in republican extremism but was not involved in gangland activities. Rather, they were known in their community and was remembered at their funereal as a community activist who tried to help others.
It is believed by gardaí, and by members of their own family, that their attendance at one of the recent Hutch family funerals drew their attention to the Kinahan gang which seems intent on erasing anyone close to the head of the Hutch gang, Gerry Hutch, not to mention Hutch himself.
There was a heavy Garda presence, including members of the Armed Support Unit, around the church for the funeral. A large cross-section of the community in the Sean MacDermott St area attended, as did members of Mr Kirwan's family and at least two local politicians, Maureen O'Sullivan TD and Cllr Christy Burke.
Ms O'Sullivan came to know Mr Kirwan in the 1970s when they worked with young people in the north-east inner city,arranging breaks for them in Co Cavan. “He had a great way with young people,” they said.
A family member, Bernice, appealed to the media not to sentationalise what had happened and not to blacken Mr Kirwan's name with phrases such as “he was known to the gardaí”. They are, they said, guilty of nothing.
ADVERTISEMENT
Music at the funeral included They Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother. Mr Kirwan's coffin was taken from the church, folr cremation at Glasnevin Cemetery, to the strains of Bette Midler's The Rose.
This is it. Summer has arrived in Ireland and to mark this special event, the Forbidden Fruit Festival has added some sunshine to the line-up. The grounds of the Irish Museum of Modern Art in Kilmainham, Dublin, will actually look like a Bulmers ad, which is convenient as Bulmers is the official sponsor of the festival.
With some of the biggest names in dance music and hip-hop playing on Saturday and Sunday, and bands of a more indie persuasion wrapping everything up on Monday, Forbidden Fruit has nicely spaced out its acts so there will be no massive cultural clashes. As is tradition, Monday is reserved for those who like to take it easy and the rest of the festival will be pumped up to the nines, with after parties taking place in town for anyone that wants to keep the party going.
Easy to get to and easy to leave, Forbidden Fruit is probably the handiest of festivals to attend, with plenty of public transport dropping you close by. If you already have a ticket or are considering a jaunt to Kilmainham, here's everything you need to know to make this weekend as stress-free as possible. But be warned, tickets for Saturday and Sunday are flying out the door so don't be a FOMO.
Are tickets still available?
Yes they are. Three-day tickets and individual day tickets are still available but limited tickets are available for the Saturday and Sunday combo so think quick.
What time does everything kick off?
On Saturday and Sunday, gates open at 2pm and on Monday, they open at 3pm. Last entry to the festival each night is at 9.30pm. The Ticketmaster Box Office will also close at 9.30pm, so no dawdling.
Who should we definitely see?
The line-up is pretty deadly this year and if you manage to catch four or five acts each day, you'll be doing exceptionally well. While you can check the full line-up at forbiddenfruit.ie, here are our top picks for the weekend:
Saturday: SYLK, Erica Cody, Paul Alwright, Mango & Mathman, Tensnake, Mike D and Justice.
SYLK, Erica Cody, Paul Alwright, Mango & Mathman, Tensnake, Mike D and Justice. Sunday: Katie Laffan, Fehdah, Mount Alaska, Or.La, Floating Points, Earl Sweatshirt, Vince Staples, Four Tet and Bonobo.
Katie Laffan, Fehdah, Mount Alaska, Or.La, Floating Points, Earl Sweatshirt, Vince Staples, Four Tet and Bonobo. Monday: Lilla Vargen, Thundercat, Warpaint, Grizzly Bear and The War on Drugs.
How do I get there?
By foot : pedestrian entrances are by East Gate on Military Road and West Gate on James Street.
: pedestrian entrances are by East Gate on Military Road and West Gate on James Street. By Luas: Take the Red Line to Heuston Station which is a five-minute walk to the East Gate entrance on Military Road.
Take the Red Line to Heuston Station which is a five-minute walk to the East Gate entrance on Military Road. By car: There is no parking at the venue and traffic restrictions will be on place on Military Road and Kilmainham Lane. The nearest car park is Park Rite Parking Lot at 7 Queen Street, Dublin 7. There will be parking available for any cars with a blue badge. If you need to use the disabled car park, make your way to the venue from James Street and Bow Lane. Once you show your blue badge, you will be then directed to the East Gate entrance on Military Road and the disabled car park is located inside the grounds of IMMA, close to the festival.
There is no parking at the venue and traffic restrictions will be on place on Military Road and Kilmainham Lane. The nearest car park is Park Rite Parking Lot at 7 Queen Street, Dublin 7. There will be parking available for any cars with a blue badge. If you need to use the disabled car park, make your way to the venue from James Street and Bow Lane. Once you show your blue badge, you will be then directed to the East Gate entrance on Military Road and the disabled car park is located inside the grounds of IMMA, close to the festival. By bus: A number of Dublin Bus routes will drop you close to the action. If you are coming from the city centre, the 40, 123, 13 will drop you beside St. James's Hospital. The 79 and 79A will bring you as far as Saint John's Road West and the 25A will drop you outside Heuston Station.
A number of Dublin Bus routes will drop you close to the action. If you are coming from the city centre, the 40, 123, 13 will drop you beside St. James's Hospital. The 79 and 79A will bring you as far as Saint John's Road West and the 25A will drop you outside Heuston Station. By Bulmers Bus: After the event each night, there will be limited spaces available on the official Bulmers Bus, which will drop you into the city centre.
After the event each night, there will be limited spaces available on the official Bulmers Bus, which will drop you into the city centre. By train: If you are travelling from outside of Dublin, Heuston Station is a five-minute walk from Kilmainham and if you arrive at Connolly Station, you can hop on the Red Luas Line and go as far as the Heuston Station.
If you are travelling from outside of Dublin, Heuston Station is a five-minute walk from Kilmainham and if you arrive at Connolly Station, you can hop on the Red Luas Line and go as far as the Heuston Station. By taxi: Taxis should come from James Street and Bow Lane. After the event each night, taxi ranks will pick up outside Heuston Station and Kilmainham Gaol.
What will the weather be like?
The forecast for the bank holiday weekend is more than promising. Temperatures will average 19 degrees and there's just a little bit of drizzle forecast. So pack the factor 50 and a hat.
What about security?
No large bags will be permitted into the concert site. Bags A4 size and smaller will be subject to security checks on entry. Anyone without a bag will be fast-tracked into the arena. There will be no re-entry with day tickets so once you're in, you're in and if any wristband looks like it has been tampered with, you will not be allowed in.
Banned items and activities include: liquids, large umbrellas, illegal drugs, fireworks, drones, professional recording equipment, pets, smoking in enclosed spaces and parking at the venue. Urinating inside and outside the venue is an offence and anyone seen urinating in public will be removed from festival grounds without warning and will be prosecuted.
Do I need to bring ID?
Yes. The onsite bars and food stalls may ask you for ID.
Are there any after parties planned?
Across the city centre, a number of venues will be hosting official Forbidden Fruit Night after parties where you can catch festival acts performing in more intimate venues. Tickets for the after parties are only available on the festival site and you'll need your festival wristband to gain entry. There will be an official Bulmers Bus running on Saturday and Sunday night and it will drop people close to these venues. Performers include Idris Elba in Opium, Bonobo in the Button Factory, Hunee, Soichi Terada and Papa Lou in Tengu, Four Tet, Floating Points and Ben UFO playing in Wigwam and Erica Cody and Mango & Mathman playing in The Grand Social.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's here, the moment you've been waiting for since 2018 began.
January payday is the most anticipated and beloved of all our paychecks.
How can one month be so long?
To celebrate how flash the people of Birmingham are set to feel this week, Deliveroo is revealing the most impressive big ticket dishes available on Deliveroo in the city.
And, impressively locals can get them delivered to their door in 30 minutes.
(Image: PA)
Deliveroo is an award-winning delivery service founded in 2013 by William Shu and Greg Orlowski.
The food-on-the-go service works with over 30,000 best-loved restaurants, as well as over 30,000 riders to provide the best food delivery experience in the world.
Deliveroo is headquartered in London, with more than 800 employees in offices around the globe, but has been deploying food to famished Brummies for a number of years now.
Joe Groves at Deliveroo said: “Birmingham has one of the most diverse and exciting foodie scenes in the UK, we wanted to share a little slice of the more luxurious items available to Deliveroo customers - just incase they feel like splurging after a month of tightening their purse strings”.
Find out the latest deals with Deliveroo here
Birmingham's 5 most impressive dishes:
Set Sushi Menu B (4 People To Share) from Sabai Sabai - £119.80
3 Day Juice Cleanse (Cold-Pressed) from U-Juice - £78.00
Otoro (Party Set, 48 Pieces) Otoro Sushi from Bullring - £75.00
(Image: Graham Young)
President's Platter from Asha's - £69.95
(Image: TripAdvisor)
Laurent-Perrier Cuvée Rosé from Connolly's Wine - £69.55
Meanwhile rival delivery service UberEats has expanded its range in Birmingham. So more homes can now use it.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City midfielder Mark Yates believes Steve Cotterill is the ‘perfect appointment' for Blues.
The 47-year-old has played under and coached with Cotterill during a three decade career on the field and off it.
And they believe Cotterill's preparation, motivation and organisation are just what Blues need at present.
“He is a top manager, they are meticulous, so thorough, they live, sleeps and breathes football and has got so many facets to their game,” Yates said.
“He's tactically very aware, he's done all their homework, he's up for any challenge - and for me Birmingham couldn't have got a better fit as a manager at the moment.
“He's a good bloke, he's worked their way up, he's been in non-league football and they appreciate everything they get.
“He wants to improve themselves all the time and the group of players they have already got, I think it is a perfect appointment.”
Cotterill took Yates to Cheltenham in 1999 and together they helped make Whaddon Road a Football League venue.
And when they passed their A Licence in 2004 Cotterill was on the phone that very day to offer them a role as first team coach at Burnley.
They spent 18 months at Turf Moor where Yates says they continued to develop before opting to try their own hand at management.
Both experiences have shown them Cotterill leaves their players in no doubt about what they expect.
“Effort, hard work - you almost have to take that as a given, Steve will instil that,” they continued.
“Tactically they will all know what they want, all know what their roles and responsibilities are - it will all be pretty clear to them.
“From what I have heard, when they were there at the end of last season - we all know what Harry brings to any football club, Steve brings a lot of structure and organisation.
“I think the players genuinely liked what they brought when they were there for the last three games of last season and they will like their methods now.
“He is a really good coach out on the grass and the players want that and the structure that they will bring.
“He has got some really good players to work with in the division.
“It is going to be a tough ask because after ten games where you are is probably where you deserve to be.
“He knows it hasn't gone swimmingly but I think there are enough factors in there for them to think ‘We can get this place up and running'.
“There is plenty of time, they certainly won't be panicking.”
Yates' last role came at Crawley which ended in April 2016. Since then they have been doing scouting and looking for the right opportunity to arise.
They played for Blues between 1988-1991 and made more than 60 appearances.
Meanwhile Cotterill's first opportunity with Blues comes at home to the league leaders Cardiff on Friday, October 13.
Facts on Serbia who play in World Cup Group E:
Country: Serbia
Honours: Gold medal at the 1960 Olympics
Past World Cup performance: 12th participation, including nine as Yugoslavia, one as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (composed of Serbia and Montenegro) in 1998 and one as Serbia and Montenegro in 2006. Participation under the flag of Serbia in 2010
Best result: Fourth in 1930 and 1962
FIFA world ranking: 35
Main clubs: Red Star Belgrade and Partizan Belgrade
Nickname: “Orlovi” (“The Eagles”)
How they qualified: Finished top of UEFA qualifying group D
Friendly matches scheduled before the World Cup:
June 4 v Chile (Gratz), June 9 v Bolivia (Gratz)
27-man provisional World Cup squad:
Goalkeepers: Vladimir Stojkovic (FK Partizan Belgrade), Predrag Rajkovic (Maccabi Tel Aviv/ISR), Aleksandar Jovanovic (AGF/DEN), Marko Dmitrovic (Eibar/ESP)
Defenders: Aleksandar Kolarov (Roma/ITA), Antonio Rukavina (Villarreal/ESP), Milan Rodic (Red Star Belgrade), Branislav Ivanovic (Zenit Saint Petersburg/RUS), Uros Spajic (Anderlecht/BEL), Milos Veljkovic (Werder Bremen/GER), Dusko Tosic (Besiktas/TUR), Matija Nastasic (Schalke 04/GER), Nikola Milenkovic (Fiorentina/ITA)
Midfielders: Nemanja Matic (Manchester United/ENG), Luka Milivojevic (Crystal Palace/ENG), Marko Grujic (Cardiff City/WAL), Nemanja Maksimovic (Valencia/ESP), Dusan Tadic (Southampton/ENG), Andrija Zivkovic (Benfica/POR), Mijat Gacinovic (Eintracht Frankfurt/GER), Filip Kostic (Hamburg/GER), Nemanja Radonjic (Red Star Belgrade), Sergej Milinkovic-Savic (Lazio/ITA), Adem Ljajic (Torino/ITA)
Forwards: Aleksandar Mitrovic (Fulham/ENG), Aleksandar Prijovic (PAOK Thessaloniki/GRE), Luka Jovic (Eintracht Frankfurt/GER)
Coach: Mladen Krstajic
The former central defender was appointed in October 2017 to replace Slavoljub Muslin, making their debut as an international coach. Muslin was the first coach of a country qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia to lose their job. According to local media reports they paid the price for failing to bring in new players, including Sergej Milinkovi-Savic, a rising star for Lazio in Italy's Serie A.
Krstajic was Muslin's deputy and said they intended to carry on where the former coach left off, while “adding a few ideas of my own” and “creating a mix of youth and experience.”
Born in Zenica, Krsajic began their playing career at local club Celik, rising to become a Serbian international and playing in Germany for Werder Bremen (2000-2004) and Schalke 04 (2004-2009).
After losing 2-1 to Morocco in a friendly in March, the debutant coach was harshly criticised but the attacks eased following a 2-0 win against Nigeria four days later, leading them to say that the squad were “on the right track” ahead of their first World Cup tie in against Costa Rica on June 17.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new clip from The Grand Tour shows Richard Hammond narrowly avoiding ANOTHER horror crash.
Earlier this year co-star Jeremy Clarkson said Hammond has been left with a bad memory after their car accidents.
Hammond, 48, injured their leg last year when the car they were in crashed and burst into flames, just moments after they managed to escape it, while filming in Switzerland.
In 2006 they suffered life-threatening head injuries and spent two weeks in a coma following a high-speed crash as they filmed for their previous show, Top Gear.
Now, Amazon Prime show The Grand Tour has released unseen footage from behind the scenes during filming and the latest clip was taken from their visit to Colorado.
Hammond narrowly misses sliding down a steep snowy slope in the shocking footage.
(Image: PA)
The clip shows Richard with their head in their hands, repeatedly saying: “I don't like it, I really don't like it,” before they emerge from the car to talk to Jeremy and James about what nearly happened to him.
He, Jeremy Clarkson and James May were testing out classic Jaguar cars on icy pistes which left them struggling to control the vehicles next to a particularly steep drop.
Clarkson told the Sunday Mirror that Hammond forgets things after a few seconds, partly because of the crashes.
They said: "You can tell them something and five seconds later it is gone out of theirs head.
"Well, it is not their fault, it is because they cannot drive and they went upside down and damaged their brain."
They continued: "He has no capacity for remembering anything and some of it is because they are not interested in anything and some of it is because they have had brain damage."
MADRID (AP) — Six of nine prominent Catalan separatist politicians jailed for promoting the region's drive to secede from Spain have been moved to prisons closer to their homes.
Some observers see the prison transfer as a goodwill gesture by the central Spanish authorities ahead of a key meeting next week between Spain's new prime minister and Catalonia's new regional president, amid hopes for a thaw in relations between Madrid and the Catalan capital Barcelona.
But Catalan President Quim Torra rejected that interpretation Wednesday and stuck to their hard line on Catalan independence.
Torra said in a statement outside the Catalan regional parliament in Barcelona that the transfer is stipulated by law and "is not part of any negotiation."
Advertisement
They say the Catalan conflict with Madrid is political, not legal.
In the mid-noughties a small development of five three-storey mews houses were built on Church Lane in Rathmines, in what were the long back gardens of a Victorian terrace on Rathmines Road. While from the lane they look the same with their identical stone walls and timber gates, they were actually two separate, quite different builds – three houses owned and designed by their architect owners and two (numbers 3 and 4) owned by people who had owned lock-up businesses on the lane and took the opportunity of working with the architects to build a house each for themselves on the sites.
The owners of 4 Church Lane – which is now for sale – had the benefit of a substantial site, wider than its neighbours and one that gave the the possibility of a 32m (107ft) southwest-facing garden.
They built a four-bed family home with two ensuites, one bathroom and a guest toilet in a three-storey house with 340sq m (3,659sq ft) of space. The master suite at the top of the house includes two walk-in dressing areas, a large shower-room and, in an unusual arrangement, a Jacuzzi bath up a short flight of steps under a large skylight.
But it's in the family rooms and circulation areas where the generous square footage of these mews is so obvious. Off the entrance hall is a cinema room to the front, and the hall then leads into the centre of the house where a three-storey atrium has a rooflight throwing light down into the space.
Number 4 Church Lane, Church Avenue, Rathmines, Dublin 6
Number 4 Church Lane, Church Avenue, Rathmines, Dublin 6
Number 4 Church Lane, Church Avenue, Rathmines, Dublin 6
Number 4 Church Lane, Church Avenue, Rathmines, Dublin 6
There are contemporary finishes throughout, with oak internal doors and skirting, oak floors (with underfloor heating), grey marble flooring in the hall, and glass panels on the staircase.
To the rear is a vast open-plan livingroom with a contemporary kitchen, dining space and living area. The extra width in the site made space for a large pantry – an extra room really – off the kitchen and, on the first floor, a laundry room.
The rear wall of the living area is taken up with glazed concertina doors that fold right back, and there is a curved staircase leading up to a further livingroom with its own good-sized terrace looking down over the back garden and the rear of the grand old houses.
It's unusual to find a mews with such a long garden and this is maturely planted and features an Astroturf putting green. There is off-street parking for two cars.
Lisney is selling 4 Church Lane, Rathmines for €1.75 million. The same agent recently sold next door, number 3, a slightly smaller house but with the same layout, for €1.615 million.
It is not some science fiction movie plot. It is real. Human beings are being manufactured and sold — right here in America.
Even more shocking is the fact that decades after the first commercial U.S. sperm bank was opened (1971), after the world's first test tube baby was born (1978) and after the first U.S. court case regarding surrogacy played out (1986), this country still has no uniform law regulating how surrogate babies are created in a lab and brought into the world.
Let's be clear at the outset. No one wants to deny a childless couple the right to have, raise and love a child. I cannot imagine the pain of an infertile couple longing to have a family. But at this late stage in the commercial surrogacy game there ought to be an agreed upon set of rules, regulations and laws on how it works — and what should be done when things don't go as planned. There are lots of cases on record of surrogacy arrangements that have gone terribly wrong.
In 1986, I was assigned to cover a New Jersey custody case that resulted in America's first court ruling on the validity of surrogacy. The so-called “Baby M” case was fascinating! A married mother of two named Mary Beth Whitehead answered a newspaper ad and agreed to be the surrogate mother for two New Jersey doctors, William, a biochemist, and Elizabeth Stern. Elizabeth, a pediatrician, suffered from multiple sclerosis and worried about the health effects of pregnancy.
Whitehead signed a contract and agreed to have the Sterns' baby for $10,000. A doctor inseminated Whitehead's egg with William's sperm, and they became what is now called a “traditional surrogate” — one who has a biological connection to the baby. After the birth, Whitehead could not bear to give up the child, named Melissa by the Sterns, and they and their family fled to Florida. Police found them and returned the baby to the Sterns. The stage was set for the precedent-setting court case.
During the trial, Whitehead was vilified. Mental health experts labeled them as suffering from “narcissistic personality disorder” and called into question their stability. Them attorney referred to Whitehead as an “exploited” woman. Ultimately, a superior court judge ruled the surrogate contract was valid and, in the “best interests of the child,” the baby should live with the Sterns. Whitehead was stripped of their parental rights and shut out of their daughter's life.
To underscore the legal vacuum surrounding surrogacy at the time, just 10 months later the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that contracts to buy and sell babies went “against public policy” and should not be allowed. Whitehead's parental rights were re-established, and they won visitation rights to the little girl nicknamed Sassy.
This legal limbo continues to exist today — nationwide — and at a time when the surrogacy market is “exploding,” according to a report from the Council for Responsible Genetics. Many states have no surrogacy laws on the books. Some appear to permit such arrangements. New Jersey, New Mexico, Oregon, Virginia and Washington, for example, allow uncompensated surrogacy. But many other states hold that any contract for a baby born for money is simply unenforceable. Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, Tennessee and Texas are the most surrogate-friendly states — as long as the buyers are a married couple.
To add to the confusion, surrogacy is no longer just about a willing woman being inseminated with the sperm of a known potential father. Advances in science have opened up all sorts of possible combinations — and potential for trouble.
Surrogates today can be the traditional kind, like Whitehead, or a “gestational surrogate mother” who agrees to carry the fertilized egg and sperm of two other people. They act only as the host womb and has no genetic relation to the baby. You might think that this type of surrogate could cause no trouble after the birth.
Well, consider the case known by the initials, A.G.R. v. D.R.H & S.H. Again, it played out in New Jersey and came to court 20 years after the Baby M case. Two men — a legally married gay couple — decided to start a family. Lab technicians created an embryo for them using an anonymous donor ovum and the sperm from one of the husbands. The embryo was then implanted in the sister of the other husband. (You following this?) In 2006, the sister gave birth to twin girls and turned them over to the couple as stipulated in their surrogate contract.
A year later, the sister was in court fighting for their parental rights — even though they had no biological connection to the babies! Having no law to guide them, the New Jersey courts again disagreed with each other. At first, the sister was recognized as the girls' legal mother. The trio continued fighting over the twins until December 2011, when a superior court decision awarded full custody to the husband who had donated the sperm.
Thank goodness the anonymous donor of the egg that split and created the twins never came forward to also claim custody! You see how convoluted things can become when we mess with Mother Nature?
It is far past time for states to pass laws that create a clear-cut, irrevocable path for participants in surrogate arrangements to follow. Failure to do that is an open invitation to more and very painful legal battles. It can also create lifelong scars for the child everyone professes to love.
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi: Be Careful Who You Trust. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @DiDimond, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defense spending. Merkel said that "Germany is a reliable partner in NATO."
Josh van der Flier looks like a long-term casualty after being forced off with a medial ligament knee damage at Stade de France.
“Josh will be unavailable next week,” said Ireland coach Joe Schmidt.
“He will get a scan either tomorrow evening or Monday. It looks like it could medial ligament but that is just my naive diagnosis.
“I thought Josh was playing really well for us in that opening 25 minutes.”
Schmidt had particular praise for the new breed of Irish forward, particularly James Ryan and Dan Leavy (who replaced van der Flier on 36 minutes).
“James Ryan was immense. They carried, they tackled, they worked hard, their lineout work was really efficient as well. Dan Leavy made an immediate impression when they came on. They got over the ball. They got off the line.He carried strongly.
“In those last phases of play I think Dan Leavy made a difference.
That's what you want off guys who come off the bench. Jack McGrath carried strongly as did Dev in those last few phases.
“One of the best clean outs of the match was Fergus McFadden. It's one of the the things they do really well.
“That's why you keep building a squad.”
Despite the 15-13 victory off four Johnny Sexton penalties and the late drop goal, Ireland struggled to break the gainline and never created a clear try-scoring opportunity.
Schmidt blamed the surface and France slowing Irish possession at the breakdown.
“It's very, very difficult to put any team under pressure if the ball is slowing. The try the French scored with the brilliance of Teddy Thomas – they didn't have to go through too many phases, which is hugely disappointing for us.
“There were a couple of knee injuries in that game. The ground was fantastic, very firm, but it was greasy on top and as a result it was hard to get that real purchase and play at a tempo you would like to play at.
“It was incredibly frustrating that we let some ball escape us when we had pressure in the 22 and that we didn't quite create the try-scoring opportunities.”
On the 41 phase end game leading to Sexton's winning strike, Schmidt added: “It's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think the game has got away and you have let it slip and suddenly you have grabbed it.
“It was an incredible team effort to work their way up the pitch about 40, 45 metres and then add on a 40 metre drop goal. It was fairly inspirational. Even the fact that so many people had to be involved.
“We had to drop kick the ball and Iain Henderson got it back. We played a number of phases, a cross kick for Keith Earls who leapt three or four feet into the air to claim it.
“When they struck the drop goal I was just willing it to have enough distance to get over.
“The coaching staff we all stood up as one and cheered with the other Irish supporters who were in the stadium.
“Johnny hit one against the Scarlets a few years ago to draw that was a cracker and one against England last year which was a cracking drop goal as well.
“I don't think people realise how hard it is to come here and win.”
Photo: BoxNation
Boxers know what we fan know but with extra oomph: Judges often don't see things like everyone else saw them and that the best way to deal with this dilemma is to remove them from the equation.
Barring that, the fighters are there, nearly naked, chests heaving, a million miles away stares on their visages, waiting to hear if they got it right…or if they got screwed.
Caleb Truax was in hurry-up-and-wait mode Saturday in London, after he'd outboxed heavy favorite James DeGale…or, at least, in their mind and the minds of most who watched the defense of the IBF super middleweight title.
They waited…and I wondered…did they think he'd get the nod (from three judges, one from England, one from Florida, and one from Canada)?
“I thought I won the fight wider but, once they announced 115-112, I knew I had it,” said the Minnesota-bred boxer, now sporting a 29-3-2 (with 18 knockouts) record to go with their IBF strap. “No way (DeGale) won a round 10-8.
The judge from England, maybe not surprisingly, liked DeGale's work more than the other two; Dave Parris had it 114-114 but was out-voted by Canuck Benoit Roussel (115-112) and American Alex Levin (116-112).
So, now they can tell us…What was the game plan? “Applied that smart pressure I talked about and didn't give them any space to box. Once I got my punches to the target, I started digging more and coming with power shots,” Truax told RingTV.com.
I wondered before if maybe DeGale had left pieces of themselves in that Brooklyn ring from the most recent bout they undertook, against Badou Jack (in January).
To that end, I asked Truax, who'd come in 3-2 in their last five, if they had hoped DeGale had been diminished?
“I hoped he'd be at their best because I knew I could beat them either way. I was confident, composed and ready for a DeGale (age 31) who has eight good right arms. It didn't matter to me.”
Not to even mention the fact that, just three fights ago, Anthony Dirrell had connected with right hands and dropped and stopped Truax when they collided. Yes, it wouldn't be overstating it to say Truax's career was on the line in London at Copper Box.
And word was that DeGale and Company, including promoter Frank Warren, were making those best laid plans for next during fight week? “All week,” Truax said. “Even at the press conference right in front of me. (WBC titlist David) Benavidez, (WBA beltholder George) Groves, (Chris) Eubank (Jr.), 2018 stadium fights, that's all I heard. Didn't say sh*t about the fight that was two days away.”
I wanted to let Truax go, let them enjoy some London sightseeing, being that they were staying an extra couple days to soak it up…so, final question: Was this karma?
“Not karma,” said the new IBF super middleweight champion. “Just sleeping on your opponent.”
Follow Michael Woods on Twitter @Woodsy1069.
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
On the cover this month: THE RING 100
HELPING HANDS: Blush Cancer Care committee members Sarah Wielandt (left) and Gaye Foot (right) with Warwick Hospital staff (from left) Maria Tahir, Tim Venz, Thomas Whelan-Young, Julianne Gray, Tegan Corby and Belinda Black will be bringing the Blush patient forum to Warwick.
A NEW forum coming to Warwick is shining a light on services for breast cancer survivors.
The Toowoomba-based patient care service Blush has been supporting patients in the Garden City through their battles, and is now turning its focus to the wider region.
Committee member Sarah Wielandt said keeping the cancer conversation alive was the goal behind Blush Going Bush.
"We started out as a fundraising committee with St Vincent's and St Andrew's Hospitals and last year became our own organisation,” Mrs Wielandt said.
"We had seen a lot of other fundraising efforts go to Brisbane, or to broader research, and though research is important our funds go directly to patient care and support.
"About three years ago we started doing some one-day patient forums where people going through breast cancer could come along and learn more about what services and support are available to them.
"For the first time we are delivering this forum to Warwick, Goondiwindi and other regional centres.”
The patient forum will come to the Rose City on August 28.
Medical and allied health workers can attend a tailored forum in the evening.
The event will include a discussion on regional medicine and presentations from local physiotherapist Sally Lancaster and exercise physiologist Peter Wallace.
Blush breast cancer nurse Gaye Foot said Blush hoped to better educate women about the ongoing complications of treatment.
"There are a lot of people out there who don't realise there can be issues that continue long after their treatment has finished,” Mrs Foot said.
"A lot of women tend to suffer in silence without knowing what kind of help is out there and available to them.
"We want to show them that they don't necessarily need to go to Brisbane or even Toowoomba to access different services during and after their treatment.”
Mrs Wielandt said the Blush Committee hoped to finalise venue and registration details for the forum in the next week.
To stay up to date with the upcoming forums, find Blush Cancer Care Inc on Facebook.
While Ave Maria's Women's basketball season is over, Katie Ringdahl will still be recognized long after the clock struck zero on the Gyrenes season.
Ringdahl was selected to a team of only 10 student-athletes in the country to the WBCA AllState Good Works Team.
The team recognizes student-athletes who make an exceptional contribution to the community.
Ringdahl certainly fits that bill. They spend anywhere from 20-60 hours a week volunteering in Immokalee.
They began with the group Young Life when they were in 7th grade and has never stopped.
Through Young Life, Katie visits high school and middle schools in Immokalee helping tutor students and help them with reach their academic and spiritual goals.
Katie will be honored for their hard work during half time of Women's Final Four Championship game in Dallas on April 2nd.
WEEHAWKEN, N.J. (AP) — With a lengthy highway construction project looming that could turn one of the Northeast's worst traffic bottlenecks into the stuff of post-apocalyptic fiction, local officials whose towns could be overrun by frustrated motorists say they're still in the dark on some aspects of the plan.
When lanes will be closed on the busy Route 495 viaduct connecting the New Jersey Turnpike to the Lincoln Tunnel is one unanswered question. In recent weeks the state Department of Transportation has said its $90 million project to rebuild the bridge and roadway will require closing a lane in each direction beginning in "mid-summer."
On Tuesday, a department of transportation spokesperson said it would be "later this summer." Several local officials involved with discussions with the department said community outreach efforts are still underway and questions linger about handling traffic overflow, an indication the start could be some time away.
The pothole-ridden 80-year-old viaduct cuts through parts of Secaucus, North Bergen, Union City and Weehawken and accommodates more than 150,000 motorists daily. Local officials acknowledged the need to replace the bridge structure, which is considered structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. But some expressed concerns about logistics.
Advertisement
Weehawken Mayor Richard Turner, whose town squats over the entrance to the tunnel, said they haven't been given a firm starting date for the lane closures, and has yet to meet with top state transportation officials about the project, though they expect that will happen soon.
"We're very concerned about the impact on traffic, and the resulting traffic jams on our local streets," Turner said. "We are extremely concerned about emergency vehicles getting through."
Turner noted that on a Saturday last month, a delay on Route 495 leaving New York left traffic at a standstill and forced many motorists onto the cramped streets of their town and others. That doesn't bode well for traffic during the bridge reconstruction, when the lanes will be closed 24/7, they said.
"I can't imagine what is going to happen on a weekday," Turner said.
According to the department's website, the work can't be performed solely during nighttime hours because the nature of the bridge work makes it impossible to replace portions each night and then allow traffic back on it during the daytime.
The department's plan includes detours for cars and trucks using Routes 1 and 9 northbound and southbound, where ramps from 495 will be closed off. That is likely to clog streets in Secaucus in a part of town that is home to outlets and big-box stores.
Turner and Secaucus Mayor Michael Gonnelli both said the state hasn't committed to reimbursing their towns for police overtime that likely will be required for traffic management.
Gonnelli said the traffic overload has the potential to be "a nightmare either way."
"We're downstream from where this is happening, but we are affected anytime something happens, and we're affected badly," they said. "I try to take my wife out to eat on a Friday night, and you can't get out of town."
CORAL GABLES, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have taken a driver into custody on the University of Miami's Coral Gables campus after, investigators said, the motorist led officers on a chase that, at one point, prompted one of the officers to open fire.
According to Coral Gables Police, officers using a license plate reader got a hit on a stolen vehicle used in a robbery, Tuesday night. Shortly after, the law enforcers zeroed in on a Toyota Camry traveling southbound on U.S. 1, near the 600 block.
The driver of the Camry attempted to flee, and a brief pursuit ensued until the subject drove over a grassy median under the Metrorail tracks and ended up on Ponce De Leon Boulevard.
Officials said the subject then tried to ram the cruiser, and it was at that point that one of the officers got out of the squad car and opened fire. The subject was not struck and continued on Ponce.
Shortly after, police said, the driver struck two vehicles near Red Road. The subject then got out of the car and fled on foot. Shortly after, officers tackled and apprehended the driver near the UM baseball field.
“The subject was not hit and had minor injuries, I believe, due to the crash,” said Coral Gables Police Officer Kelly Denham.
University of Miami Police took to social media to issue an alert to students about “police activity” in the southeast section of the campus. They later sent out a tweet saying in part, “Campus is safe.”
UMiami ENN: GABLES CAMPUS – Campus is safe. Police investigation will continue. Updates will be provided if the situation changes. — Univ of Miami Police (@UMPolice) February 15, 2017
The other drivers suffered minor injuries. The officer who opened fire was not hurt.
Police have not released any details about the subject. “We will know more as the investigation continues,” said Denham.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) " Teenage fast bowler Lahiru Kumara struck twice in one over to give Sri Lanka a positive start to the second cricket test against South Africa at Newlands on Monday.
The 19-year-old Kumara dismissed Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the lead-up to lunch on Day 1, leaving South Africa on 69-3 at the interval after the host lost the toss and was asked to bat on an overcast and muggy morning.
Suranga Lakmal had opener Stephen Cook caught behind off the fourth ball of the match.
But it took Kumara's intervention to halt a 66-run stand between Amla (29) and Dean Elgar, who went to lunch unbeaten on 36.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have a severe shortage of widemen for the trip to Reading as both Ahmed Elmohamady and Andre Green are set to miss out.
Elmohamady sustained a mouth injury in the 3-0 defeat at Cardiff City following a clash with goalkeeper Neil Etheridge and was forced off.
Green missed the disappointing away-day with a groin strain and is also a doubt for the trip to the Madejski Stadium on Tuesday night.
Bruce said:
“Elmohamady will not feature at Reading because of the nasty mouth injury.
“As for Andre, we didn't risk them at Cardiff and they will need to be assessed before Tuesday.”
Villa already have three key players missing in Mile Jedinak, Jonathan Kodjia and Jack Grealish.
The latter two are still some way off although Jedinak is making progress and could be back by the weekend.
“We're still waiting on Jedinak to see where he's at but we expect them to be another week or so,” said Bruce before the weekend.
With Leo Bacuna, who started on the first game of the season, completing their move to Reading yesterday, Bruce is already facing a shortage of options.
The U23s take on Albion at the Banks's Stadium tonight and the line-up will give us an indication as to which youngsters could be involved tomorrow.
Callum O'Hare, Keinan Davis and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy could all be called upon by Bruce.
This year the 6 day festival of Indian classical dance, organized by reputed NGO's, will be held in New Delhi between 8th and 13th of November, involving renowned artists, dancers and others.
New Delhi, October 7, 2017 – The 2017 edition of the Indradhanush Dilli, A Festival of Arts is going to take place in New Delhi between 8th and 13th November. Started in 2009, the festival is in its 10th year, and which witnessed the presence of renowned artists and dancers, like Pandit Birju Maharaj, Smt Shovana Narayan, Smt Sonal Mansingh, and Smt Geeta Chandran. This year too, this colorful festival of arts is expecting a presence of artists from more than 20 Indian states.
This unique festival is now open for partnerships, sponsorships and support from corporate houses, media companies, like-minded and socially committed individuals and others. Companies ranging from banking and educational services to technology and traditional products are welcome to be a part of the dance extravaganza and play their role to promote Indian art and culture.
This year, Indradhanush Dilli is to be held over 4 venues (Delhi Karnataka Sangh, Lok Kala Manch, Delhi Tamil Sangam, Vishwa Yuvak Kendra) and 6 days in Delhi, with participants from all over India, which will be covered by all the leading news channels and have expected footfalls in excess of 50,000 people. It is the only festival of its kind in New Delhi.
S.U.N.A.INA, Society for the Upliftment of National Arts of India, in collaboration with Delhi Kalyan Samiti, SPOWAC and Delhi Tamil Sangam will be organizing the event, this time in its 10th successive year. The festival will encompass a wide range of activities across different venues to enthrall the audience and will bring an exciting opportunity for sponsors to increase their brand value.
The Bal Kala Utsav, which is one of the events featuring a competition by young artists, already has confirmed participation from 20 states and involves performances of Bharatanatyam, Kuchipudi, Kathak, Odissi, Mohiniattam, Hindustani Classical Vocal, Carnatic Classical Vocal, Folk Dance, Bollywood & Western Dance, Instrumental Rhythmic, Instrumental Melodic, Fusion Music, Mono Acting, Once Acting and Water Colour painting. Dignitaries from Govt. of India, Delhi Govt., renowned artistes and media persons will be present throughout the festival.
On the concluding day, specialists in field of education and culture will come together and speak about their experiences and research in a seminar which is attended by hundreds of people from around India. The festival will end with a grand award ceremony given to the best talented children from different states practicing different art forms.
Every year, SUNAINA also honors a GURU of Classical Art Form with the Guru Samman Award. So far Gurus like Pandit Birju Maharaj, Sh. V.P and Smt Shanta Dhananjayan, Smt Jayalakshmi Eashwar, Smt Sonal Mansingh, Smt Geeta Chandran, Shri Jitendra Maharaja, Sh. Rajender Gangani, Smt Bharti Shivaji and many other exponents have been felicitated on the Indradhanush Dilli platform.
Speaking about the coming event, Smt. Kanaka Sudhakar said “Indradhanush Dilli 2017 will be bigger than ever, full of cultural diversity, competition, challenge and color”. Corroborating along the same lines, Mrs. Laxmi Krishnan, the founder of SPOWAC and a co-organizer said “one festival, four venues, ten years of successful presentations, pan-Indian participation – a not to be missed event”
ForPressRelease.com and Newsboosters.com are the Media Partners to the event and are also supporting the organizers to garner industry support in form of sponsorships. There are different sponsorship slots with significant benefits for industries to advertise and promote their brands during the event this year. Sponsors of this festival can also avail 50% tax deductions as per Section 80G.
The complete list of events and their venues are shown here – http://bit.ly/2hQ7QPt. All updates related to the event can be accessed on Twitter @newsboosters.
Screen Name Selection
Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — College basketball played an entire season amid a federal corruption investigation that magnified long-simmering troubles within the sport, from shady agent dealings to concerns over athletes who'd rather go straight to the pros.
Now it's time to hear new ideas on how to fix the complex, wide-ranging problems.
On Wednesday morning, the commission headed by former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present its proposed reforms to university presidents of the NCAA Board of Governors and the Division I Board of Directors at the NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis. And that starts what could be a complicated process in getting changes adopted and implemented for next season.
“I expect the proposals will be strong,” NCAA president Mark Emmert told The Associated Press. “They'll certainly break with the status quo. That's their charge and their mission. That's what we need.
“I think it's going to be a very good day for college sports,” they said.
That would be welcome, considering there has been no shortage of bad days in recent months.
The Commission on College Basketball formed in October , a few weeks after federal prosecutors announced they had charged 10 men — including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, USC and Oklahoma State along with a top Adidas executive — in a fraud and bribery scandal.
The case involves hundreds of thousands of dollars in alleged bribes and kickbacks designed to influence recruits on choosing a school, agent or apparel company. And it has entangled schools such as Kansas, North Carolina State , Louisville and Miami , among others, though prosecutors withdrew a criminal complaint in Feburary against one of the defendants, a youth hoops program director.
Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner John Swofford said that case has put college sports in the position of reacting instead of proactively heading off yet-to-emerge problems.
“Sometimes unfortunately that's what it takes,” Swofford told the AP. “You'd like to think that collectively the basketball world could've seen this coming and had the foresight to get out ahead of it. But that's not reality. Organizations and people, we all sometimes need wake-up calls. And I see this as a wake-up call, and therefore an opportunity.”
One the Rice commission wants to seize.
It was charged with finding ways to reform and modernize rules, including looking at the NCAA's relationship with the NBA, youth leagues, apparel companies and agents. It was also set to review an enforcement process that frequently takes years to resolve complicated cases of potentially major rules violations.
The commission features several prominent names in the sport, including former NBA stars Grant Hill and David Robinson, former Georgetown coach John Thompson III, retired college coach Mike Montgomery and Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith.
“The stage is set, certainly, given what's happened with law enforcement and what we've seen in media reports around men's basketball at the collegiate level,” Southeastern Conference commissioner Greg Sankey told the AP. “You involve Condoleezza Rice because you want an impactful outcome.”
After Rice presents Wednesday morning, the boards will meet to consider adopting the commission's recommendations, either fully or in part. The next stop would be the Division I Council, a group mostly made up of athletic directors, to craft legislation for implementation.
Emmert said the council is already forming subgroups to deal with the targeted areas the commission is expected to address, with the goal of having legislation ready to be presented by August in time for next season.
Swofford, for one, said he'd prefer to end the one-and-done model of top NBA prospects arriving in college for one-year pit stops before turning professional, though that would also take agreement from the NBA. Swofford prefers a model similar to baseball by allowing high schoolers to go straight to the pros but require players who enter college to spend two years there.
He'd also like to see the NBA-run G League become a stronger developmental option for athletes who don't want to come to college, a path recently chosen by former Syracuse recruit and McDonald's All-American Darius Bazley.
Regardless, Swofford said, changes must be broad-based because “I don't think there's a silver bullet here” to fix everything. And they expect the commission to offer “substantive” findings.
“If we can't react to something like this in a way that brings significant improvement to the system and to what we're doing, shame on us,” Swofford said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A severe ice warning has been issued for Sutton Coldfield as freezing temperatures are set to plummet to even further.
After several inches of snow covered the town on Sunday, weather forecasters on Monday said temperatures would fall to a low of minus six degrees centigrade.
A clear night was forecast by the Met Office with sunny spells throughout Tuesday. But with temperatures not rising above ZERO the snow and ice is set to remain over the next couple of days.
Temperatures could rise slightly by Wednesday and Thursday, with some rain being forecast before the end of the week.
Drivers are being warned to be aware of icy roads and pavements, and say travel disruption will continue.
Goldman Sachs reported a lower-than-expected quarterly profit as gains in investment banking were offset by weak trading revenue.
Total revenue from trading fell 2.4 per cent to $3.36 billion, the lowest in five quarters. Revenue from fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities trading rose just 1.3 per cent to $1.69 billion.
“The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses...,” chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement. Goldman's trading results were in sharp contrast to those from JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America, which reported a rise in trading revenue.
Shares of Goldman were down 3 per cent in premarket trading. Goldman has historically relied more on trading than other big banks, but has been trying to shift to stable businesses such as investment management. Earnings per share rose to $5.15 from $2.68.
Total operating expenses rose 15.2 percent to $5.49 billion. Morgan Stanley, Goldman's traditional rival, reports earnings on Wednesday.
Reuters
• Elanpro Karma debuts as one of the smallest frozen treat maker in India
• Redefines contemporary design, innovation and durability
Underscoring its commitment to technology that addresses the dynamic requirements of Indian hospitality sector, ELANPRO, India's leading commercial refrigeration company, in collaboration with SPM, Italy, recently launched Karma, a compact dispenser for soft serve ice cream and frozen yogurt.
Available in smaller than ever footprint of 35.7cm x 52.12 cm x 64.75cm, Karma is equipped with a host of innovative components to improve efficiency and ease-of-use. Some pioneering features include multi-functional prominent display with programmable keypad for precise temperature setting. With an hourly output of upto 9kg, the machine can whip out several batches of premium quality ice cream and frozen yogurt without longer lead time or intermittent breaks.
SPM is offering two configuration options basis the preparation i.e Gravity and Pump. The product is fitted with a tank agitator to ensure product consistency, while also allowing operators to use the appliance to produce frozen yoghurt, without the risk of the mix separating.
In addition to delivering revolutionary dispense speed with precision control, the high overrun results in high ROI. Ideal for bars, restaurants, cafeterias, coffee shops, stand-alone units, hotels and all other HoReCa operators it is whisper quiet in operation and has a high-capacity system that allows for quick recovery. Like many ELANPRO products, the dispensers come with a compressor and motor warranty.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Sanjay Jain, Director, ELANPRO, said “With our new offering we aim at providing optimum solution to those planning to serve soft ice creams and healthy yogurts but somehow have been restricted due to space or electricity constraints. This product is designed for operators looking to enter the profitable frozen treat market.
Karma is a breakthrough product by leading beverage dispenser company SPM. We believe that this innovative product will help us unlock the unique possibilities in the soft serve operator industry.”
ELANPRO's range of beverage dispensers from SPM provides sturdy, solid steel frames and bases for unparalleled support for each display. The company entered a strategic agreement in 2016. Pursuant to the agreement, ELANPRO will market, sell and provide after-sale service and support through ELANPRO's existing Hi-Tech Experience Center Service Network for SPM's commercial products. With this association, the company plans to accommodate the growing demand for machines that deliver blended beverages with more speed, accuracy, and efficiency than competing products in India.
With sleek, modern and small footprint Karma by Elanpro is not only eye-catching but also saves valuable counter space. The product is available at all Elanpro dealer stores starting from Rs. 3,60,000. Price may vary basis the configuration.
Police have nabbed a second man in connection with Friday's London subway attack.
The 21-year-old suspect was collared in Hounslow in West London on Saturday night, and investigators were searching a home in Surrey, about four miles away, that they are associated with, authorities said.
Earlier Saturday, police arrested an 18-year-old man about an hour away in Dover.
The younger man is believed to have lived in a foster home with a married couple who took in Syrian refugees and were once honored for their charitable work by Queen Elizabeth, reports said.
A neighbor, Serena Barber, 47, told the Telegraph that police had confronted the unruly 18-year-old within the past two weeks, and foster parents Penny and Ron Jones were at their wits' end over how to deal with him.
“He kept getting in trouble with the police and they didn't know what to do with him,” Barber said.
Police would not comment on whether the teen was known to them, the Telegraph reported.
Another resident told The Sun that they once asked the teen “if they wanted to come to my church to help settle in and meet people, but they didn't want to.
“His family [was] not happy they [was] with a Christian family,'' the unnamed neighbor said.
Investigators believe that the young men have some connection to the attack, in which a crude, homemade device exploded in a London subway train, sending a fireball through the cars and sending commuters fleeing.
Thirty people were injured.
Neither man has been charged with a crime, but police can hold them for up to two weeks if they can prove investigations are gaining ground, the BBC reported.
The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, but investigators said Sunday that they cannot definitively connect the attackers to the radical group.
“It is inevitable that so-called Islamic State, or Daesh, will reach in and try to claim responsibility. We have no evidence to suggest that yet,” Home Secretary Amber Rudd said.
Officials believe that the bomb may have detonated incompletely and by accident.
The country's terror-threat level has been lowered to “severe” from “critical,” Rudd said, meaning authorities no longer believe another attack is imminent, although they still think one is “highly likely.”
Rudd urged “everybody to continue to be vigilant but not alarmed.”
With Wires
NEW YORK (AP) — In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
United States 31-05-2018. ClusterOne is the large scale deep learning platform with a range of new features which make it is easy for engineers to work over complex projects. It provides modern deep learning services along with increased accuracy while working on models. This platform has pre-trained models and a facility to generate your own models. ClusterOne has flexibility and it allows all kind of engineers to easily and quickly achieve results from the complex projects.
It is easy and simple to use ClusterOne for development of AI applications. If you need deep learning platform for TensorFlow, PyTorch or any other framework then make sure you use ClusterOne. It is ideal to provide you the facility to streamline your complex projects and to deploy your models. It will be very easy, fast and simple for you to manage code, projects and data with no hassle.
If you are looking for the deep learning platform that works over your unique needs then make sure you prefer ClusterOne. It is viable option for your needs will definitely work over your needs regarding development of AI. By using ClusterOne, you can easily ensure success of your large to small size AI projects. It is a fully-managed deep learning platform that enables you to build and deploy predictive analytics solutions.
When it comes to development of AI applications then a deep learning platform can be great help. If you are looking for the best large scale deep learning platform then ClusterOne is the right choice. It provides the complete tool kit to developers to create an environment to work over the AI projects. While using this platform, you don't need to bother as you can run it on all the infrastructures. In addition to this, ClusterOne is ideal choice for all kind of AI frameworks available.
For questions or detail about ClusterOne you can visit at:
https://clusterone.com/enterprise/
Eike Batista, the former mining and oil magnate who was once Brazil's richest man, was convicted and sentenced to 30 years in prison for bribing Rio de Janeiro state's disgraced ex-governor, according to a court document published on Tuesday.
Batista's conviction and sentencing by federal judge Marcelo Bretas are the latest in a wave of graft investigations that have sent scores of powerful business people and politicians to jail.
The eccentric former billionaire's meteoric rise and fall mirrored the recent fortunes of Brazil, where the commodities boom faded as their energy, mineral and logistics empire fell apart earlier this decade.
Their swashbuckling attitude and confident forecasts of a prolonged golden era for Brazil evaporated just as Latin America's largest economy suffered its worst recession on record.
Batista, whose legal team said they would appeal, was found guilty of paying a $16.5 million bribe to former Rio governor Sergio Cabral, who also was found guilty in the case.
Batista's companies won state contracts in exchange for the bribe, including one awarding their consortium the rights to run Brazil's temple of soccer, the Maracana in Rio, the stadium where the 2014 World Cup final was played and the 2016 Olympic Games' opening and closing ceremonies were held.
The bribes were also linked to the construction of the $3.7 billion Acu port facility, controlled since 2013 by Prumo Logistica, which is majority owned by US-based EIG Energy Partners.
Prosecutors said Batista paid a quarter of the bribes to Cabral in cash and the rest in shares of state-led oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, miner Vale SA and drinks company Ambev SA, a unit of Anheuser Busch Inbev NV.
Batista was last year fined 21 million reais ($5.4 million) for trading shares based on insider information about shipbuilding company OSX Brasil.
Tuesday's ruling was the sixth corruption conviction for Cabral, who has been sentenced to over 120 years.
Six years ago, Batista (61) had a net worth exceeding $30 billion and ranked among the world's 10 richest people, according to Forbes magazine, and they had declared they would soon top the list.
They sat atop EBX, then one of the world's most expansive industrial conglomerates, with units ranging from oil and shipping to entertainment and beauty care.
However, Batista made massive bets on offshore oil plays that did not pan out and the extension of a commodity boom that fizzled as they inflated investors' hopes. - Reuters
Polyol Esters Market: Overview
Polyol esters are a form of esters formed by the esterification of fatty acids. The term 'polyol esters' is an acronym for neopentyl polyol esters, which are obtained by the reaction of monobasic acids such as HNO3 and HCl along with polyhedric alcohols which have neopentyl structure. Polyol esters are named after the alcohol which is utilized as its starting material. Polyol esters are known to be highly stable compounds due to their chemical structure. Their high thermal stability enables these compounds to be employed in applications which involve high temperatures.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polyol-esters-market.html
Polyol esters possess more ester groups as compared to diesters, increasing their viscosity, which makes them suitable to be utilized in lubricants. Their increased viscosity coupled with superior thermal stability make them a perfect substitute for various diesters, specifically in the field of lubricants. Various forms of polyol esters are available, as various acids can be reacted to obtain polyol esters having different length of fatty acid chains. Common types of polyol esters include trimethylolpropanes (TMPs), pentaerythritols (PEs), neopentyl glycols (NPGs), and di-pentaerythritols (DiPEs).
Polyol Esters Market: Market Trends
Polyol esters are employed extensively in jet engine lubricants. Polyol esters are being utilized in this field for the last 40 years. No other compound has been used as its substitute since it would affect the lubricity, and this is likely to eventually hamper the working of the component. Polyol esters are employed along with Polyalphaolefin (PAO) Synthetic Oils in passenger car motor oils. Polyol esters are utilized as synthetic refrigeration lubricants in industries. Other applications of polyol esters include fire resistant transformer, high temperature grease, textile lubricants, and fire resistant hydraulic fluids.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24059
Superior qualities of polyol esters such as thermal stability, high lubricity, and better viscosity makes them a sought-after compound. Rise in population in developing countries and their demand for better transport facilities and automotive sector are key factors driving the expansion of the market of polyol esters. Furthermore, the simultaneous expansion of the automotive industry is anticipated to increase the demand for polyol esters as lubricants in the near future, which is projected to boost the expansion of the market in the near future. However, higher price tag of polyol esters as compared to other diesters may prove to be a major restraint for the market of polyol esters in the near future
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
President Donald Trump wants to send people back to the moon — and on to Mars.
Trump is signing a space policy directive directing Nasa "to lead an innovative space exploration programme to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars", according to White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley.
Trump has taken several steps to refocus Nasa's mission on space exploration.
He'll sign the directive at the White House Monday.
27 May 2017 – Easy Slots presents a brand-new gaming platform, which provides a broad selection of online slot machines to play right here right now. In addition, this perfect platform of online slots supplies the biggest bonuses across all of the most popular games, as far as joining it today every new-comer receives a magical 20 free spins and up to 200% first deposit bonus. Unquestionably, Easyslots is an extraordinary UK based platform for playing slots, which comes with the plethora of entertaining opportunities together with the good chances to win and to profit.
The fact is that slots are among the most popular games you can play, visiting diverse online casinos. This can be explained by the fact that the process of playing slot machines is particularly involving and exciting. At the same time the rules of the game are very simple and easy to master. Many gamblers prefer to play slots in order to enjoy their time and certainly to feel the expected adrenaline buzz, which accompanies the process of playing slots or any other casino game. It's obvious that most people visit online casinos in search of the unique sensation, when you can only guess whether you'll win or lose, while pushing your luck. Online slots are no exception, and so, they deliver the required spectrum of emotions by playing. Moreover, the high quality of graphics and sound of virtual slots enables the gamer to plunge into the gaming atmosphere to have much fun along with the fascinating environment of the game.
Easyslots.com is the right destination to discover a large variety of online slots and to enjoy the process of playing this fantastic casino game. This gaming platform is very convenient and also advantageous, as it offers the specified bonuses. Easyslots.com presents an excellent alternative to the real-time gaming slots, allowing you enjoying the comfort of your home by playing this casino game.
About Easy Slots:
Easy Slots is an ideal platform to play online slots, as it comes with the most favorable conditions, making it possible to play an exciting game. Users, who choose this web platform are guaranteed the best playing experience along with the winnings. It means that even if you'll lose a large sum of money, you'll undoubtedly receive the desired emotions and impressions instead. The benefits of playing Easy Slots are obvious and tempting, while attracting even those, who've never played this game before.
Contact:
Company Name: Easy Slots
Website: https://www.easyslots.com/
The head of the State's debt office has said that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of recent market turbulence sparked by Italy's political crisis is evidence that investors have “reclassified” the nation's creditworthiness.
The market interest rate, or yield, on Italy's 10-year bonds spiked on Tuesday at 3.44 per cent, their highest level since 2014 and having surged by more than 90 per cent in four weeks, as investors feared the country was hurtling towards fresh elections that would become a referendum on its continuation in the euro zone.
This prompted a sell-off across a range of assets internationally, particularly Spanish and Portuguese bonds. However, the yield on Ireland's 10-year bonds has remained within a tight range around 1 per cent for the past month, close to their 12-month average.
Strong economic growth
“Unlike previous periods of euro zone uncertainty, it seems that investors have in effect reclassified Ireland as much closer to the euro-zone core than to the periphery,” said Conor O'Kelly, chief executive of the National Treasury Management Agency, said in a statement on Wednesday evening in response to questions from The Irish Times.
“The feedback we get from investors suggests they are looking favourable on Ireland's strong economic growth, our stable political environment and our favourable funding profile.”
Ireland's creditworthiness had been rated “junk” at the height of the financial crisis by Moody's, but it has since been restored to an A-grade across the three main ratings firms.
Meanwhile, Italian and other peripheral bonds rallied on Wednesday on hopes that a political stalemate could be overcome and government could be formed. Italian president Sergio Mattarella said on Wednesday evening that they would give two populist parties – League and Five Star – more time for talks to form an administration.
Italy successfully sold five- and 10-year debt at an auction on Wednesday, bringing some relief to jittery markets following this week's meltdown in the nation's bonds.
Budgetary restraints
It also emerged on Wednesday that the European Commission will propose a €30 billion plan for countries hit by economic shocks, as it responds to French calls for a euro zone crisis-fighting budget.
The European Investment Stabilisation Function is far less ambitious than ideas put forward by France president Emmanuel Macron, who last year called for a fund amounting to several percentage points of euro zone gross domestic product.
But the commission will argue that its plan to be presented on Thursday is a “first step”, saying differences among euro zone governments and European Union budgetary restraints prevent more ambitious proposals at this stage.
– Additional reporting, the Financial Times
A brass band played, fighter jets streaked the clear blue sky and a red carpet adorned the airport tarmac on the day in May 2016 when Vladimir Putin came to Athens for a visit.
"Mr. President, welcome to Greece," the Greek defense minister, Panos Kammenos, said in Russian as they smiled broadly and greeted a stone-faced Putin at the base of the stairs from the plane.
Kammenos, a pro-Russian Greek nationalist who bragged often of their insider Moscow connections, would receive a second key visitor that day, but with considerably less fanfare.
Greek defense minister Panos Kammenos, seen here in 2015, publicly embraced George Papadopoulos on social media and introduced around town during late spring 2016. Photo / Bloomberg
Not yet 30 years old, George Papadopoulos had been unknown in Greece - and everywhere else - only two months before.
Advertisement
But suddenly, just as Putin arrived, they were in Athens, quietly holding meetings across town and confiding in hushed tones that they were there on a sensitive mission on behalf of their boss, Donald Trump.
This October, Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their extensive efforts to connect Trump's presidential campaign with senior Russian officials. Trump has since dismissed Papadopoulos as a "low level volunteer."
But in their ancestral homeland, the man whom Trump had named in March 2016 as one of five top foreign policy advisers and an "excellent guy" was regarded as a critical interlocutor, first to the Trump campaign and later to the incoming Trump White House.
They may have carried on like "a second-rate actor in a political thriller," as one acquaintance described their manner. But when they bragged that they had helped Trump win the presidency, many here believed it.
Before their spectacular fall, they were lavishly wined and dined by local business kingpins, celebrated in official tweets and rewarded with the perks - judge in an island beauty contest - of a favorite Greek son.
George Papadopoulos' booking photograph taken after their arrest at the Alexandria Detention Center in Virginia on July 28. Photo / Virginia Sheriff's Office
They also received access to officials at the highest levels of the Greek government, many of whom shared links to Russia and sympathies that would be unusual in other Western capitals. Kammenos, in particular, stood out both for their pro-Russian views and their determination to forge a bond with the young Trump adviser.
Although Papadopoulos' plea deal focused on their contacts with an obscure and mysterious Maltese professor who claimed Russian ties, Greek politicians and analysts say their best and most obvious path to Moscow would have run through Athens.
"If I were in their shoes, I would have thought, 'Can my Greek friends help me make the Moscow connection?' " said Thanos Dokos, director general of the Hellenic Foundation for European and Foreign Policy. "It would make sense."
Whether that's how it happened may be a subject for Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who continues to investigate possible collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government to influence last year's presidential election. Former national security adviser Michael Flynn's Dec. 1 guilty plea - also for lying to the FBI, about Russia - suggests that Mueller is looking at an array of possibilities.
But in Greece, the connection between the officials Papadopoulos cultivated and their vigorously pursued campaign objective - to build up relations with the Kremlin, and ideally broker a meeting between Putin and Trump - is hard to miss.
The son of Greek immigrants who was raised in Chicago, Papadopoulos had a thin résumé that was full of exaggerations, including a nonexistent stint at Model United Nations. But during a meeting with The Washington Post's editorial board in March 2016, Trump named them as one of five foreign policy advisers.
U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo / AP
At the time, the Republican front-runner had been largely abandoned by the party's foreign policy establishment and was under pressure to produce their team, having previously said their top foreign policy adviser was "myself."
Even in the relatively intimate world of Greek and Greek American international relations experts, Papadopoulos was a mystery. The few who had met them said they were earnest - they showed up to casual get-togethers in suit and tie - and ambitious. Their aim, they told associates, was to get a job on a U.S. presidential campaign and to work in the White House.
But they were also very green.
Dokos, who heads one of the most prominent Greek foreign policy think tanks, said they met Papadopoulos because they were the assistant to a researcher with the Washington-based Hudson Institute who was conducting interviews in Athens.
"He was basically serving as the note taker," Dokos said.
Less than two years later, after a short stint with the Ben Carson campaign, Papadopoulos was in Washington to meet Trump and join the team of the man who would become America's 45th president.
As it happened, Kammenos was in Washington the same day, for a meeting of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
The Greek defense minister had largely been shunned by the Obama White House for their bombastic rhetoric - they once threatened to unleash a wave of jihadists on Berlin if the European Union did not back off its austerity demands - and for their Moscow links.
Throughout the worst of Greece's economic crisis, Kammenos had been outspoken in arguing that the country could pivot to Russia for help if negotiations with Europe turned sour.
They also pushed for an end to sanctions imposed on Russia, championed a plan for Russia and Greece to jointly manufacture Kalashnikov assault rifles and befriended a number of influential Moscow players, including the wealthy Greek Russian business person and politician Ivan Savvidis.
"He's been one of the strongest Putin supporters in Greece," said Adonis Georgiadis, vice president of Greece's center-right New Democracy party.
President Donald Trump. Photo / AP
Greece, an EU and NATO member, has a long-standing strain of its geopolitics that looks east to Russia rather than to the West.
But Kammenos, leader of the right-wing Independent Greeks, was also eager to improve their ties to Washington. Perhaps sensing that would be unlikely under a President Hillary Clinton, they became one of the few senior government ministers in Europe to enthusiastically back Trump.
And that support extended to Papadopoulos, whom Kammenos publicly embraced on social media and introduced around town during late spring 2016.
"Papadopoulos was totally unknown. But then Kammenos took them by the hand and promoted them everywhere," Georgiadis said.
In short order, Papadopoulos had soon had meetings not only with the defense minister, but also with Greece's foreign minister, its president and a former prime minister - a remarkable level of access for such a young aide.
All are considered relatively pro-Russian. At the time of the meetings, internal Trump campaign documents show that Papadopoulos was working aggressively to connect with senior Russian officials and was hoping to broker a meeting between Putin and Trump.
It is not known whether Papadopoulos met any members of Putin's entourage in May 2016, when both were in Athens and the president was accompanied by their foreign minister, plus state oil and gas executives. But Georgiadis said they believed that Kammenos would have been able to put the two sides in touch - and had good reason to do so.
"He would have wanted to show Papadopoulos that they had good ties with the Russians and they would have wanted to show the Russians that they had good contacts with the Americans," Georgiadis said.
Greek Defense Minister Panos Kammenos who heads the government's junior coalition member Independent Greeks speaks during a debate at the Greek Parliament in Athens. Photo / AP
Kammenos did not respond to requests to be interviewed for this article. Attorneys for Papadopoulos said they would not comment on their meetings with Greek officials.
Others who met with Papadopoulos around that time described them as acting as though they were on a secret mission, refusing to confirm the location of meetings until half an hour before they began.
"Every so often, they would lower their voice so as not to be overheard or drop hints of major contacts," Alexis Papachelas, editor of the well-regarded Greek daily Kathimerini, later wrote of their meeting with Papadopoulos.
Kammenos was not Papadopoulos' only important link to Greek power circles. Soon after Papadopoulos was named to Trump's campaign, they reached out to the Rev. Alex Karloutsos, a senior official with the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America and an influential player in the Greek American community.
Karloutsos, who said they have visited the Oval Office under every president since Jimmy Carter, helped Papadopoulos make some early contacts in Greece.
But they soon noticed that the young adviser was prone to exaggerating their own importance as a conduit to Trump. They were also troubled by Papadopoulos' reaction to their swift transformation from an outsider hungering for insider connections to a player the insiders all wanted to know.
Papadopoulos, Karloutsos said, lapped up the perks of being romanced by the Greek business and political elite.
"He was caught up in the euphoria. 'No one knew me, then everybody knew me,' " Karloutsos said. "He loved being in the limelight."
The glare grew many times brighter after Trump's surprise victory. Within hours, Kammenos tweeted their congratulations to the president-elect - along with a picture of Papadopoulos and a note saying the young Greek American was "now important for Greece."
Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo / AP
When Papadopoulos returned to Greece the next month, they told Marianna Kakaounaki, an investigative reporter for Kathimerini, that they had "a blank check" for any job they wanted in the Trump administration because of their services to the campaign.
"Everyone knows I helped them [get] elected, now I want to help them with the presidency," Papadopoulos boasted in a text message.
When prominent Greeks and Greek Americans gathered at Washington's Metropolitan Club for a party the night before Trump's inauguration, Kammenos and Papadopoulos were both there to celebrate.
Eight days later, Papadopoulos was interviewed by the FBI - and lied, according to their plea agreement, about the timing and nature of their interaction with the Maltese professor. There would be no White House job. In both Athens and Washington, Papadopoulos virtually disappeared from view.
But they became a frequent guest on Mykonos, the Greek island that's a paradise for the well-heeled.
During the late spring and into the summer, locals said they were a regular if discreet visitor at the island's poshest clubs. They judged a beauty contest - watching impassively as bikini-clad contestants marched by - and onlookers at the clubs described them as partying hard and spending freely.
"He didn't say where they got the money," said one witness to an expensive night of revelry. "He just told us they worked for the Trump administration."
Papadopoulos' lawyers, Thomas Breen and Robert Stanley, disputed the descriptions of their client's behavior on Mykonos. "Like many of the unflattering statements made by those who have an agenda to discredit George, those statements are flat-out lies," they said.
By midsummer, Papadopoulos was telling people on Mykonos that they had grown disenchanted with the United States and planned to settle permanently in Greece.
But on July 27, they flew to Dulles International Airport and was arrested by federal agents upon arrival.
Alexis Tsipras, Greece's prime minister, right, shakes hands with Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, at Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece, on May 27, 2016. Photo / Bloomberg
They soon began cooperating with Mueller's investigation in return for a sentence sharply reduced from the five years in prison that they could have faced for lying to the FBI.
Their whereabouts afterward are not known. In mid-October, Kammenos visited Chicago, Papadopoulos' home town, as the defense minister traveled the United States with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras. At the White House, Kammenos beamed as they extended a hand to greet Trump.
On October 30, Papadopoulos' plea was made public. Since then, Greek officials have largely avoided talking about him.
Karloutsos, the priest, said they called and emailed Papadopoulos to express concern but never heard back. They now light a candle each Sunday for the 30-year-old.
Papadopoulos' story, they said, is an old one.
"The Greeks create their gods, then they destroy them," Karloutsos said. "It's called hubris. It's called an Icarus complex.
"He flew too close to the sun."
With three of the team's top five scorers from this season, led by Big Ten Player of the Year Keita Bates-Diop, moving on Ohio State entered the offseason in need of players who could potentially have an immediate impact in 2018-19.
Tuesday evening the Buckeyes picked up a commitment from a grad transfer, as former Wake Forest guard Keyshawn Woods announced that they will play their final season at Ohio State.
Woods appeared in 28 games for the Demon Deacons in 2017-18, averaging 11.9 points, 2.5 rebounds and 1.9 assists in 25.7 minutes per game. The 6-foot-3 guard was used primarily as a reserve this past season, making just five starts for Wake Forest. Woods began their collegiate career at Charlotte, playing the 2014-15 season there before transferring to Wake Forest.
During the 2016-17 season, the first in which they were eligible to play at Wake Forest, Woods started 22 of the 33 games they played in and averaged 12.5 points, 4.2 rebounds and 3.5 assists per game. Woods shot 49.5 percent from the field and 43.8 percent from three during that campaign, and the hope in Columbus is that they can get back to that level in their lone season as a Buckeye.
Ohio State's best returnee on the perimeter next season will be rising junior C.J. Jackson, who averaged 12.6 points, 3.9 rebounds and 3.9 assists per game as a sophomore. Ohio State also adds a talented first-year student class that includes guards Duane Washington Jr. and Luther Muhammad. Florida State transfer C.J. Walker will have two seasons of eligibility remaining after sitting out the upcoming campaign per NCAA transfer rules.
Oh, the injustice of it all.
Who among us hasn't felt abused as a consumer? We get billed for stuff we didn't receive, or that doesn't work, or that didn't live up to its hype. Companies charge us unexpected fees and insist the costs were revealed in the fine print. Health insurers take customer disservice to a whole new, awful level, inexplicably refusing to pay for services they promised to cover and deluging us with impossible-to-decrypt paperwork.
It's understandable if you feel that enough is enough. But taking a righteous stand against paying an unfair bill can boomerang on you — hard.
Here are some situations where you might be tempted to refuse to pay, and what you might want to consider doing instead.
Advertisement
BILLING DISPUTES
Several years ago a friend refused to pay a bill for internet service that didn't work. The collection account that later appeared on their credit reports nearly cost them a job offer. (He paid off the collection and wound up taking a job with a different employer.)
The balance of power is tilted heavily in favor of companies and collection agencies that can report an unpaid bill to the credit bureaus. You can include a 100-word dispute in your credit files, but good luck getting anyone to read it. The credit scores most lenders and insurers use don't factor in those statements. Employers, who typically use credit reports rather than scores to evaluate applicants, may see your statement, but it may not affect hiring, firing or promotion decisions.
—What to do instead: Settle disputes before a bill goes to collections. Consider asking a government regulator for help (search for "Who regulates (company name)?" to find the agency) or turning to a lawmaker whose staff can help with constituent disputes. As a last resort, consider paying the bill, then suing the company in small claims court.
If you used a credit card to pay the bill, you're in luck. Credit card users have a powerful, built-in weapon to deal with shoddy services or goods — the chargeback . A chargeback, which reverses a payment to a merchant, prevents damage to your credit report for nonpayment while a dispute is resolved.
MEDICAL BILLS
For about 43 million people, or 1 out of 5 credit reports, there's overdue medical debt, according to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. For 15 million people, medical bills are the only overdue debt on their credit reports.
Clearly, many of us are having trouble paying our medical bills — or thinking they have been paid when they haven't, since many ricochet between health care providers and insurers, sometimes for months.
The latest versions of the FICO and VantageScore credit scoring models treat medical debt less harshly than other collections, but most lenders use older versions of the scores. The toll can be significant: A single collection account can drop a 680 FICO score by 40 points and a 780 score by 100 points. (The most widely used credit scoring formulas, such as the FICO 8, use a 300-to-850 range.)
—What to do instead: If you have health insurance, follow up on every medical bill you receive to make sure it gets paid. If you don't have insurance or can't pay your bill, ask health care providers if they have charity programs or payment plans that could make the costs more manageable.
FEDERAL STUDENT LOANS
Only half of recent graduates strongly agreed that college was worth the cost, a 2015 Gallup-Purdue Index poll found. That may explain why about 1 in 10 borrowers who were scheduled to start paying their federal student loans in 2013-14 have defaulted instead, according to the U.S. Department of Education.
Refusing to pay your loans is shortsighted. The default hurts your credit scores, which will make other borrowing difficult and can increase the cost of items like car insurance and cell phone plans. But that's just the start. Government collectors can seize your tax refund, take a portion of your wages without going to court and literally pursue you to the grave. The U.S. Supreme Court decided a portion of Social Security benefits, which are typically off-limits to creditors, could be seized to repay delinquent federal student loans.
—What to do instead: The education department offers several affordable repayment options , including an income-based plan that can reduce required payments to zero. Struggling borrowers can find plenty of information at the education department's Federal Student Aid site . For private student loans, consider calling the loan servicer directly to ask about options such as interest-only payments.
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet, a certified financial planner and author of "Your Credit Score." Email: lweston@nerdwallet.com . Twitter: @lizweston.
RELATED LINK:
NerdWallet: How to choose a student loan repayment plan https://nerd.me/student-loan-repayment
Federal Student Aid: Guide to repaying federal student loans https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans
Forbes: When you should and shouldn't dispute a credit card purchase https://www.forbes.com/sites/clairetsosie/2017/03/16/when-you-should-and-shouldnt-dispute-a-credit-card-purchase/#4674067d2e39
A rest home resident had about 15 maggots hatch in their wounds after dressings weren't apparently changed frequently enough.
Counties Manukau DHB investigators found a lack of documentation around how often staff at Palms Lifecare in Pukekohe changed the 86-year-old's dressings. There was a gap of seven days in one instance.
The man's family have now released the investigation report to the Herald, in an effort to stop other aged-care residents suffering.
They were moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home as a terminal resident needing palliative care, and died on March 9, soon after their daughter went public with their concerns.
Advertisement
The DHB investigation substantiated shortfalls including inadequate pain relief, anecdotal evidence of faecal soiling in their room and a lack of neurological assessments after falls.
"There is limited documentary evidence that the resident's wounds were dressed during the timeframe for the fly eggs to hatch, which meant the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted," the DHB report concluded.
Dressings were meant to happen every other day, but were documented on February 6, 8, 11, 18, 19, 25 and 28. A maggot can hatch within a day.
On February 28 an entry in the man's file states the dressing needed reviewing in two days, but there wasn't further documentation until March 4 – two days before the maggots were found.
Seven to 10 were removed from their big toe. Progress notes indicate that later that day another four to five were removed. The next day another maggot was found.
The man's daughter Corina, who asked for their surname to be withheld, said learning of other care problems when reading the DHB report was deeply distressing.
They met with the DHB this week and asked it to revisit aspects of their family's complaints that weren't fully substantiated. That includes the belief their father rapidly declined in health and suffered a stroke, which wasn't addressed by staff.
"We knew they were going to die … but I did expect them to give them the basics of life – food, fluids, being kept clean and pain relief," Corina said.
The family has received an apology from Heritage Lifecare, the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes.
A spokesperson for the company said existing procedures weren't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place.
"The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again."
Executive chairperson and founder David Renwick said in a statement: "We take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care, in line with Heritage Lifecare's standards."
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe, and says it will keep working with Palms to "ensure an appropriate level of care".
The horror case comes after a Herald review of more than 1000 audit reports for the country's 651 facilities since 2016 found more than a third had significant shortfalls related to resident care.
Consumer NZ believes the Palms Lifecare case shows the auditing system is inadequate and needs to be strengthened – the facility's latest audit resulted in no corrective actions.
• Read the full story here
The Allan Hancock College Children's Center Lab School Family Advisory Committee Board is sponsoring a barbecue fundraiser from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.Saturday, July 13 at the Chevron station at 1155 E. Betteravia Road in Santa Maria.
For $10, hungry attendees will receive a tri-tip sandwich, chips and beverage, and will support a good cause in the process.
Funds raised at the event will support the Children's Center outdoor classroom and literacy programs.
For advance ticket purchase and more information, call 805.922.6966 x3567 or visit the Santa Maria campus Children's Center lobby in Building I, Room 200, between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. Pre-sold tickets must be redeemed by 1 p.m. the day of the event.
The Allan Hancock College Children's Center is a licensed child-care facility with fully credentialed teachers. It offers award-winning, multicultural child care for children of Allan Hancock College students and some community members. The center serves children ages 3 months to 5 years and is a classroom lab site for early childhood studies students.
— Sonja Oglesby is a public affairs and publications technician for Allan Hancock College.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on diplomacy between the United States and North Korea (all times local):
2:50 p.m.
A North Korean official has arrived in New York for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo ahead of what the White House says is an "expected" summit between President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Kim Yong Chol is a former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's most trusted aides.  They are the highest-level representative from the North to set foot in the United States since 2000.
Advertisement
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that Kim landed shortly after 2 p.m. on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane touch down at New York's JFK International Airport and the North Korean delegation get off the plane.
The visit comes ahead of a summit planned for June 12, which Trump canceled but now says may take place after all.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
4:17 Laurence Juber Trio use music to become mentors at Morro Bay High School
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Three men tried to break into two vans parked in Woodlands Road in Irchester.
They were disturbed by the owner of one of the vehicles at which point they made off in a silver Ford Mondeo with a loud exhaust.
The offenders are described as having local accents and wore dark clothing.
One wore a hat.
Police would like to hear from anyone with information about the incidents, which happened between 4am and 4.30am on Saturday, April 8.
Witnesses can contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
This week's inaugural pink ball test in New Zealand will be the ninth played under lights, with the third coloured ball used in international cricket.
Australia, with four, have played the most of the eight, and it will be England's third in their last nine tests. For New Zealand, it will be their second outing with the pink, and first at home as the idea seems to be becoming locked into schedules, albeit on a drip-drip basis.
1: Australia beat New Zealand by three wickets, Adelaide, Nov-Dec 2015
New Zealand were the guinea pigs — albeit the deal sweetened by a $1 million pot split 60-40 on a winner-loser basis — as Australia pushed the pink ball initiative. The crowds flocked, 43,000 on the first day/night. Days two and three were pretty impressive too. It was warm and sunny and the buzz of excitement rippled around the ground from start to finish. A perfect start to the day-night concept. Australia won comfortably enough on the third evening, albeit after a scare from Trent Boult, who snared five wickets to put a brief spanner in the march to victory.
Read more: Brendon McCullum says umpire blunder was 'crucial factor'
2: Pakistan beat the West Indies by 56 runs, Dubai, Oct 2016
Problems facing the pink ball under lights? Try telling champion Pakistani batsman Azhar Ali, who nailed a triple century against the Windies. That said, Pakistan's second innings, albeit when setting up a fourth innings chase, lasted just 31.5 overs as legspinner Devendra Bishoo bagged eight for 49.
Advertisement
3: Australia beat South Africa by seven wickets, Adelaide, Nov 2016
The pink ballers were coming in a rush. This time South Africa's captain Faf du Plessis did what New Zealand skipper Brendon McCullum predicted before the inaugural match, that captains would need to think outside the traditional square in day-night tests. Du Plessis declared nine wickets down shortly before stumps on the first day to try and cash in on the evening atmospherics for their seamers. There was one early wicket but three centuries later, Australia were in charge and easily got to the target of 127.
4: Australia beat Pakistan by 39 runs, Brisbane, Dec 2016
Time for Cricket Australia to try another venue so step up the Gabba. Australia had this match under control most of the time, ahead by almost 300 at the turn, until late on when little Asad Shafiq played a terrific innings. Chasing 450, the last four wickets put on 230, Shafiq was second last man out for 137 made over close to six hours. The Aussies had a scare but their 100 percent winning record under lights at home stayed intact.
5: England beat West Indies by an innings and 209 runs, Edgbaston, Aug 2017
A debut at home under lights for England and a cake walk. Alastair Cook (243) and captain Joe Root (136) laid the platform and the hapless West Indies managed to last a combined 92.2 overs over two innings. It was to be a different story at Leeds a few days later but so far the Windies don't seem to fancy the lights.
6: Sri Lanka beat Pakistan by 68 runs, Dubai, Oct 2017
The vagaries of conditions showed up in Dubai as Sri Lanka batted 159.2 overs in their first innings and lasted just 26 second time round. Shafiq, again, led Pakistan's pursuit of 317 with another century, thus giving them the early dibs on the honour of being perhaps the batsman who most relishes batting against the pink ball under lights.
7: Australia beat England by 120 runs, Adelaide, Dec 2017
The sole occasion of these first eight tests that the toss-winning captain decided to send the opposition in to bat. That man was Joe Root and 442 runs later....England trailed by 215 at halftime and were left 354 to win. Root's departure for 67 was the decisive dismissal as Australia marched to a 2-0 lead in the Ashes series, en route to a 4-0 victory.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Mung Bean Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Pakistan, India, China, Korea, Nepal, America, America, Vietnam.
The Mung Bean Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Mung Bean industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-mung-bean-market/10155/#requestforsample
The Mung Bean Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Mung Bean Market Products Type Segmentation : Non-GMO Seed, GMO Seed.
Mung Bean Market Applications Segmentation : Farm, Santific Research.
Key Highlights of the Mung Bean Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-mung-bean-market/10155/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Mung Bean market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Teachers say unhealthy food parents put into childrens' lunch boxes was one of the challenges faced and many were reluctant to be the "food police".
An Education Review Office report on good nutrition and physical fitness at schools found the challenges ranged from competitive parents on the sidelines to the food parents gave children to bring to school.
Early childhood centre teachers told the ERO one of the biggest challenges was unhealthy food in children's lunchboxes, and a reluctance to be seen as the "food police".
That was also a concern echoed at the primary and secondary school level, where leaders said the proximity of local dairies and takeaways were often visited by children "or parents provided unhealthy food for their children to eat at school".
Schools also reported parents' own sporting ambitions for their children could have the opposite effect - and put a child off.
"Parents could be competitive and have inappropriate expectations, and some behaved poorly on the sidelines of their childrens' sports games. This behaviour could be discouraging to some children and meant that coaches and managers were not able to give the children their full attention."
The ERO report was commissioned by the Government in 2015 as part of its anti-obesity strategy. It surveyed how well 202 early childhood centres, 46 primary schools and 29 secondary schools were dealing with good policies around food, nutrition and physical activity.
Food and nutrition is part of the school curriculum. Last week, Health Minister Jonathan Coleman and Education Minister Hekia Parata announced the appointment of Professor Grant Schofield as the Ministry of Education's first Chief Education Health and Nutrition Adviser.
Coleman said there were many initiatives under the childhood obesity strategy to help schools, such as Health Promoting Schools which involved the community. Many also had policies such as "water only" schools. However, regulating the contents of children's lunchboxes would be a step too far.
Continued below.
Related Content Gone but not forgotten: Banished Kiwi tuck shop treats How to keep those school lunches healthy Healthy eating 'encouraged' at NZ daycares, but disapproving letters unlikely to be dished out
They said it was up to childcare centres to decide how to approach the issue.
"I think once you're telling people what to put in their kids' lunch box, that's quite a step and some parents would find that offensive. I think there are ways of getting messages across rather than sending notes home saying 'don't send them in with a chocolate slice again'. It's actually a parents' prerogative to assemble a balanced diet for children."
Peter Reynolds, the chief executive of the Early Childcare Council, said it was a difficult position.
"Nobody wants to be seen as the food police. Nobody wants to send a note home in red ink telling parents they don't know how to feed their kids.
"But at the same time, most childcare centres will go out of their way to provide nutrition information to families so families have an understanding of what young pre-school age kiddies need to grow and develop."
They said many centres held seminars on affordable healthy food for parents. Some centres cooked for the children themselves, but changes to the Food Act meant more kitchens were closing down because of the extra administrative cost.
The report found secondary schools which put a high emphasis on competition in sports reduced the chances for other students to take part.
That was rejected by Secondary Principals' Association president Mike Williams, the principal of Pakuranga College, who said most schools tried to do both.
"You can do both. Yes, at the top end it is very competitive in secondary schools and some are very, very competitive.
But the majority of schools would be like our school - you want kids to be involved and you want students to try new sports."
The ERO report also found:
• While 87 per cent of early childhood centres were doing well on promoting good health, that dropped to 74 per cent of primary schools and 62 per cent of secondary schools.
• Work demands meant parents were not as involved in the school as in the past, leaving teachers under pressure to coach and manage sports teams.
• Senior secondary students said a lack of time due to study and social demands meant they did not play sports.
• Many schools contracted the tuck shop out to private providers which were "profit-driven" and "tended to be most interested in what would sell" rather than healthy choices.
Williams said most tuck shops offered healthy food and many schools had adopted policies such as banning soft drinks. However, they could not stop students buying from local dairies or takeaways.
Labour's education spokesperson Chris Hipkins said it was understandable schools would contract out the tuck shop, but it would mean a decrease in quality.
They were also concerned at the finding students didn't have the time to participate in physical activity.
"It shows how 'high stakes' the pressure around NCEA has become."
CASE STUDY
One of the schools the ERO looked at was Kaiti School in Gisborne.
Nearly all students were Maori or Pacifica and it offered bilingual education in Maori and Tongan.
It got the tick from the ERO for its clear plan on health - and the board of trustees' decision to employ one fulltime sports leader and two part-time sports staff. It also subsidised fees for Saturday sports and specialist sports.
The sports leader mentored other teachers and all teachers took part in sports and physical education - including sessions on keeping safe in the surf, dancing and cycling.
- NZ Herald
Nathan Marsh celebrated being confirmed as Wellingborough Town's new permanent manager by leading them to a second home win in a row as they claimed a fine 2-1 success over Eynesbury Rovers.
All the goals came in the second half at the Dog & Duck as Adam Speight's deflected effort put the hosts in front in the ChromaSport United Counties League Premier Division clash.
Action from Wellingborough Town's 2-1 victory over Eynesbury Rovers
The visitors equalised by the Doughboys won it thanks to Deven Ellwood's close-range header.
Next door at London Road, Whitworth suffered a 5-2 home defeat to title challengers Yaxley.
The top-of-the-table clash in Division One saw Pinchbeck United edge closer to the title as they beat second-placed Raunds Town 1-0 to move 10 points clear.
The only goal of the game came after 28 minutes when Tom Sergeant struck for the hosts.
Action from Wellingborough Town's 2-1 victory over Eynesbury Rovers
The Shopmates remain in charge of the second promotion place, however, with Rushden & Higham United unable to take advantage of their local rivals' defeat as they went down 2-1 at Harrowby United.
Jed Ainge brought the Lankies level at 1-1 but the hosts went on to claim the points.
Thrapston Town took the derby honours on Friday night as they claimed their first win since Boxing Day with a 2-1 success over Burton Park Wanderers at Latimer Park.
By Vincent Ujumadu
Awka- THE traditional ruler of Ukwulu in Dunukofia local government area of Anambra State, Igwe Peter Anukwu Uyanwa has been arraigned before the Federal High Court sitting in Awka on a three count charge of forgery, false pretence and acts intended to mislead the court.
In the case, with charge number FHC/AWK/C/79/18, which had the Federal Republic of Nigeria as the complainant, Uyanwa was charged with presenting a false election result in respect of Anaocha/Dunukofia/Njikoka federal constituency election conducted on December 7, 2014 with the intention to be declared winner of the said election in which they were a candidate.
They were also charged with presenting the forged result in court when the result was contested in court, as well as presenting the same forged result as exhibit to be used for judgment in their favour.
The three count charge read: “That you, Peter Anukwu Uyanwa on 7th day of December 2014 within the judicial division of this honourable court, did make a forged document, knowing it to be false or with intent that it may in any way be used or acted upon as genuine result that any person may, in the belief that if it is genuine, be induced to pass judgment that you are the winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Federal /Senatorial Constituency Anaocha/Dunukofia/Njikoka Election, and thereby committed an offence punishable under section 2 (C) of the Miscellanous Offences Act, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria 2004;
That sometime in 2015 within the judicial division of this honourable court, you with intent to mislead the Federal High Court Awka, in a judicial proceeding instituted by you, did fabricate evidence in order to be declared the winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Federal/Senatorial Anaocha/Dunukofia/Njikoka election that took place on 7th December 2014, and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 120 (1) and punishable under section120 (2) of the Criminal Code Act CAP c38 Laws of the Federation, 2014; and
That sometime in 2015 within the judicial division of this honourable court, Awka, you did knowingly give false testimony touching the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Federal Constituency of Anaocha/Dunukofia/Njikoka Election that took place on 7th December 2014, intending that it will be used in the said proceeding for judgment in your favour and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 117 and punishable under section 118 of the Criminal Code Act CAP ‘C38' Laws of the Federation, 2004.
When the charges were read before the traditional ruler, they pleaded not guilty.
Those listed to testify as witnesses include Eze Nwakeze, Professor Adawale Oladipo, Alhaji Abubakar Mustapha, Chief Reginald Udenze, a retired Deputy Superintendent of Police, DSP, and a chief consultant analyst, as well as Mr. Maji Michael, a Chief Superintendent of Police, CSP, who is a member of the special investigation panel set up by the Inspector General of Police.
Copies of the result sheets for Uyanwa and their opponent in the said election Dr, Okey Eze, as well as affidavits deposed to by Oladipo and Mustapha and a forensic report dated 18 May, 2018 signed by Chief Reginald Udenze are to be tendered during the trial.
AKRON, Ohio - A former Ohio high school teacher is accused of engaging in a three-year sexual affair with a teenage boy they met when they were their eighth grade English teacher.
Laura Lynn Cross, 36, was indicted on three counts of sexual battery over a period beginning on August 1, 2013 through September 6, 2016. They were a Buchtel High School teacher.
The teen's father says they first raised concerns to both a Buchtel High School official and Tallmadge Police as early as 2012 when their son was a first-year student--but no charges were filed.
Cross resigned their teaching position in January, 2015.
"First of all, she's a schoolteacher," said the teen's father. "To get aroused by a child basically you have to be a sick individual."
Even more disturbing, Cross convinced the teen's mother--who had custody--to allow the teen to move in with them in their Tallmadge home through a court approved "partial parental custody" arrangement.
Cross convinced the teen's mother that they could continue to "mentor" him.
Charges were filed only last week after police learned that Cross and the teen had a child together in 2015 that was kept secret until a tipster called the teen's father and broke the news.
An Akron School System spokesperson said the district was unaware of the case until a Cleveland-based WEWS investigation alerted them but said it is now "doing our own internal investigation going back to 2012 to determine what exactly happened and when it happened"
"It was a straight failure from the system," said the teen's father. "From the school and definitely from the police."
Cross is currently being held in the Summit County Jail under $100,000 bond.
BETHEL — Two teenagers and their uncles took off from a small Interior Alaska village in a skiff last week for hunting grounds at the edge of the Brooks Range.
By the time the trip ended, they had stories to tell of running out of gas and beaching the boat, of working the wilderness and of hunting too. They got a big bull and it was quite a thing to be part of.
The main moose hunting season in Alaska has wrapped up. Some had a hard time, including on the Kenai Peninsula, where rainy, cool weather made poor conditions for hunting and moose calling, an effective way to lure bulls in rut. Others found success, in the experience, the stories and freezers full of meat.
"It definitely is moose season around here," said Jon Barton, the assistant area wildlife biologist in McGrath. One man had just reported that their son got a nice bull.
McGrath sits on the Kuskokwim River's upper stretch, where the big push for subsistence is moose, not salmon. Out-of-state hunters in camouflage stage there, and locals want their moose meat too.
"Throughout the season you can see folks come in with moose in their boats," Barton said. "You can drive around the roads in town and some people have racks in their yards, just the heads they brought back. You can see meat sheds, with meat hanging in there for processing."
In rural Alaska airports, meat-filled coolers and moose racks are checked baggage.
Teenager raises a rifle
Last week in the Interior, P.J. Simon, originally from the village of Allakaket and now a Fairbanks resident, boated from the village with their nephews and another of their uncles some 150 miles to a camping and hunting spot.
The morning of Sept. 22, they climbed a ridge to look for moose. They goofed around, taking pictures and making little videos to mark the occasion.
And Simon called, imitating the mournful moan of a cow moose. He's Athabascan but said they use Western ways too. They cut off the bottom of a juice bottle to scrape the brush, rustling like a moose.  They are vice chairperson of Doyon Ltd. and normally works in fall as an assistant guide. Clients canceled this year so they got to go on their own.
The other uncle, Walter Bergman, heard something. Simon, 46, pulled out their binoculars. They could see an animal in the valley coming up the hill.
"Be ready, guys, here it comes," Simon told their nephews. "By golly, this moose started running. It was grunting away, and I grunted back."
The younger nephew, Tyler Bergman, 13, walked toward their other uncle, a little rattled. The men told them it was their time.
Tyler settled in, raised their grandfather's .30-30 rifle and fired. They missed, then shot again. That one hit. Simon was at the ready and fired too, to make sure.
"This one was coming right toward us. Jumped over a stand of deadfall, like a horse. Kinda shook its horns," they said.
The moose was big, with an antler spread of 72 inches, more than enough by a foot to make it in the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner's 60-inch Club of stories and pictures. Simon made it only once before, back in 2004.
They were in an area where it was legal to shoot any size bull, and they weren't necessarily looking for a big one, Simon said. That wasn't the point. The teens live in Fairbanks — "city slickers," Simon joked. Teaching old culture and new ways, the tradition of the hunt, the hard work of subsistence — that is why they camped out for four nights, they said.
The men demonstrated gun safety and different ways to make fires. The boys gathered wood and helped carry moose back to the boat. They ate fresh backstrap — a tender cut — cooked over the camp stove with fat and seasonings.
On the way home, when the moose-laden, 20-foot aluminum boat beached on a mud bar, everybody had to jump out and push. The heavy load was using more gas than expected too. Just 11 miles from the village, the gas ran out. They had to camp an extra night until another uncle arrived with 5 gallons of fuel, plus hot tea and dried moose.
"I just wanted to teach them outdoor life and to love the outdoors and to be grateful we have an opportunity to hunt," Simon said. "It's not about how big a moose."
The meat was split among four families, including their parents in the village and the boys' family in Fairbanks.
Massive moose
Hunters are still sending in reports from the field. Seasons open and close by area of Alaska. Some number of general moose hunts ended either Sept. 20 or Sept. 25. Counts of how many Alaska moose were harvested this year aren't yet available, state game managers say.
"Initial indications are we are down a little bit this year," said Jeff Selinger, Kenai area wildlife biologist with the state Department of Fish and Game. They attributed that to cloudy, rainy weather, not to a decline in moose numbers. Last year hunters killed roughly 290 moose in the two game management units that cover most of the Kenai, they said.
Statewide, hunters - most of them Alaskans — got a reported 8,802 moose all told in 2016.
Kenai moose hunters this year had to educate themselves on proper identification of legal moose, a new state requirement intended to reduce the number of illegal young bulls taken there. On the Kenai, a legal bull for Alaska resident hunters must have one of the following: 50-inch antler spread, four or more brow prongs on at least one side, or only a single spike on at least one side, allowing some yearlings to be hunted.
Identification is so tricky that the state has produced a 39-minute video as well as printed guides to educate hunters. As of early August, more than 2,200 people had completed the newly required online certification.
Perhaps the most remarkable Alaska moose story of the year belongs to Israel Payton, 39, who hunted mid-month with a friend somewhere in Southcentral Alaska. They said they want to tell the story in their words in due time for the right audience, so they aren't giving many details. Their neighbor, Tom Anderson, raved on the Facebook page for their radio talk show about Payton's moose as a possible world record.
The post has been shared more than 3,700 times and drew hundreds of comments, some applauding the success and others mourning the giant moose.
The moose was massive, with a rack that spanned 80 inches, Payton confirmed.
Whether it is a record will take time to sort out, if Payton even decides to do so.
Payton, born in the Susitna Valley in a trapper's cabin near the Hayes River and raised in Skwentna on salmon and wild game, said they aren't looking for a trophy and isn't into records.
They hunt to provide their family with "good, sustainable meat that I know where it came from." But they also hunt for something more.
"It's kind of my heritage, the way I grew up. It's a part of me. I can't separate that from myself, really," they said.
If they didn't go on a couple of hunts a year, they wouldn't be themselves and their wife would tell them to get out there, Payton said.
Payton, who now lives in Wasilla and is a member of the Alaska Board of Fisheries, realizes the sensitivity of some to hunting and doesn't want to inflame those feelings.
They told a little of the story: They and their hunting partner each flew themselves to an area in Southcentral. The first morning, on Sept. 15 or so, their partner shot a moose with bow and arrow, a nice one with a 63-inch spread. While they were hunting, a bear shredded the tent. So they ended up with a black bear too.
Two days after the first moose, Payton got their opportunity. They would have taken aim at any moose with a rack of at least 50 inches, they said. The one they got provided their first clear shot.
"It just happened to be big," they said.
They used to guide clients who only wanted a trophy and left the meat behind for locals. There's nothing wrong with that, as long as the meat gets used, they said. But they understand why some find that distasteful.
They hunt their own, moose and caribou, sheep and deer. They rarely buy beef. Their family, with a fish wheel at the homestead in Skwentna, never buys salmon.
Their moose was divided with their parents, who are sharing with others. A Palmer friend with a meat processing facility made sausages, meat sticks and the like. Payton and their wife freezer-wrapped steaks and roasts.
They also can moose in quart jars, 90 minutes at 10 pounds of pressure in the canner. That produces pulled meat for sloppy Joes. They like moose grilled medium-rare on the barbecue too. The secret is good fieldwork, they said, keeping the meat cool and clean.
"The biggest mistake people make is cooking it too long," they said.
As to whether that will be a record moose, he's still evaluating whether to get it officially measured for Boone and Crockett Club, a wildlife conservation group that keeps big-game records for North America. Antlers must dry for 60 days to allow for shrinkage. Measurements of various parts of the antlers, including the spread, are taken by a certified individual. The formula factors in antler symmetry as well as size.
The current record Alaska-Yukon moose was killed in 2010 on the Lower Yukon River by Rex J. Nick, according to Boone and Crockett (its website is outdated). It had a spread of 76 inches. Nick didn't pursue the record, but someone who bought the rack did so years later, according to Kyle Lehr, Boone and Crockett assistant director of big-game records.
For Simon, Payton and others, the power of the hunt weaves through them.
"I think it's something biologically in me," Payton said.
After they butchered their moose, Simon's group held hands atop the rise. They prayed for a safe return home. They thanked God for providing.
When moose is for dinner this winter, they'll know its story.
This story first appeared in the Alaska Dispatch News and is reprinted here with permission.
Armed police are responding to reports of a shooting in Putāruru, in Waikato
Police are currently at Domain Rd along with dog units.
They are setting up a road closure at the intersections of Harris Rd and Whites Rd and at Harris Rd and Domain Rd.
Michael Flaws from business Kiwi Lumber on Domain Rd told 1 NEWS a person came onto the property claiming there were gunshots at a nearby marae.
Advertisement
"I personally didn't hear anything," they said.
"There are a carload of people at our gate and armed police have just arrived."
An ambulance spokesperson said they were in attendance and were waiting at a "staging point until police have deemed the scene safe".
A police spokesperson has said they can't confirm what the emergency is at this stage.
"All I can confirm is we are responding to an incident in Putaruru. We were called at 4.45pm."
Police are currently responding to an incident in Putaruru. We were called at 4.45pm and are currently en route to the scene. Until we arrive we will have no further information to share. We'll provide an update as soon as we can. — NZP Media (@NZPoliceMedia) May 31, 2018
A receptionist at Kiwi Lumber Ltd on Domain Rd said there was "definitely something going on" but they were in the dark.
"We can't see anything happening out the front of our place," they said.
A nervous staff member of a central Putaruru business says something is going on but she's not sure what.
She's seen police walking around.
More to come.
Todd Gurley may not win MVP on Saturday night, but they took home some hardware before the NFL Honors awards show kicked off. Gurley was voted FedEx Ground Player of the Year in 2017, essentially making them the best running back in the NFL this past season. Carson Wentz was named FedEx Air Player of the Year, as well.
Gurley had a fantastic season in Sean McVay's offense, rushing for 1,305 yards and 13 touchdowns. They were also a major threat as a receiver, hauling in 64 passes for 788 yards and six touchdowns.
They were named FedEx Ground Player of the Week twice in 2017, earning the award in back-to-back games in Weeks 15 and 16. Gurley is the first player in Rams history to win the yearly award, which began in 2003.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Rolled Annealed Copper Foil Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Rolled Annealed Copper Foil market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are JX Nippon, Fukuda, Olin brass, Hitachi Metals, UACJ, 3M, 3M, Heze Guangyuan, Zhaohui Copper, ALBETTER, Krishna Copper, Amity Copper. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Rolled Annealed Copper Foil Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rolled-annealed-copper-foil-market/10338/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Rolled Annealed Copper Foil market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Rolled Annealed Copper Foil market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Rolled Annealed Copper Foil Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Rolled Annealed Copper Foil. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Rolled Annealed Copper Foil in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : 12?m, 18?m, 35?m.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Double Sided FPC, Single Sided FPC, Lithium Batteries.
Key Highlights Of The Rolled Annealed Copper Foil Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rolled-annealed-copper-foil-market/10338/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Rolled Annealed Copper Foil new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Rolled Annealed Copper Foil market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Rolled Annealed Copper Foil industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Victim Edwin Garcia was declared dead at the scene; teen was a Dos Pueblos High student
Emergency personnel responded Friday night to a report of a pedestrian who had been hit by a train in Goleta, according to radio traffic from the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
The incident was reported as a train vs. a child at about 7:15 p.m. on the railroad tracks near the Fairview Avenue overpass off Highway 101, but subsequent radio traffic indicated it was farther east, closer to Depot Road and adjacent to the Old Town area.
The victim was declared dead at the scene, according to Kelly Hoover, a spokesperson for the Sheriff's Department.
“He is a 15-year-old from Goleta whose name is not being released because they are a juvenile and due to the ongoing investigation,” Hoover said.
However, a family friend told Noozhawk the victim was Edwin Garcia, who had just completed their first-year student year at Dos Pueblos High School.
Witnesses told reporters at the scene that the teen was among a group of youths who had gathered on the tracks shortly before the freight train came through the area.
Train traffic was shut down while the incident was under investigation and Garcia's body was removed.
Click here for a related article.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Canadian denim company launches #BKind Pink Shirt Day campaign to benefit Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Canadian denim retailer Bootlegger has announced a partnership with Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada, the nation's premiere mentoring program for youth. Two limited editions pink t-shirts have been created to promote kindness, compassion, diversity and acceptance. Available online and in all 86 Bootlegger locations across Canada now through the end of February, $5 from every sale goes directly towards the organization.
"Witnessing the transformation of a child into a confident and motivated young person is a truly remarkable thing," said Peter Coleridge, President and CEO of Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada. "Proudly, this is something our partners like Bootlegger and individual Canadians help bring about every day by supporting campaigns like this one."
Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada is committed to ensuring that every child in Canada who needs a mentor, has a mentor. Currently, over 40,000 children are matched with volunteers in their mentoring programs. Their challenge is to find matches for the thousands of youth on their waiting list,providing more Canadian youth with the support of an adult to help them tackle big issues like bullying and give them confidence in themselves. This campaign is being launched in celebration of Pink Shirt Day on February 22nd, which focuses on the importance of kindness and helps raise awareness for anti-bullying initiatives.
"It is imperative that we teach our children the importance of empathy, kindness, equality and inclusion," said Sue Vovko, President of Bootlegger. "This is something that Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada has shown commitment to, and we hope that this partnership will offer support and awareness to this organization that is helping the youth of our nation to succeed when they need a leader."
The limited edition t-shirts are now available in-stores and online for purchase. The shirts retail for $24.90 each (plus tax), with $5 from the sale of each shirt going directly to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada. Sue Vovko and Peter Coleridge are available for interviews.
About Bootlegger:
Bootlegger was founded over 45 years ago in Vancouver, British Columbia, with the mission to be the best place for jeans and provide the perfect fit, quality and value for Canadians. Now with 86 stores from coast to coast, an e-commerce business and millions of jeans later, it continues to provide the best selection of jeans and everything that goes with jeans, served up with unequaled customer service. It's the passion for denim, great service and a genuine commitment to the lives of the people and communities they touch that has grown Bootlegger to become one of the most trusted jean brands in Canada.
About Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada:
For more than 100 years, Big Brothers Big Sisters has been changing the lives of Canada's youth by developing and implementing a wide range of mentoring programs. Every year, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada provides quality mentoring services for more than 40,000 youth, engaging over 23,000 mentors in 111 agencies that serve youth in over 1,100 communities across the country. For more information, visit www.bigbrothersbigsisters.ca.
Social Media Handles
Bootlegger:
Instagram: @BootleggerJeans
Twitter: @BootleggerJeans
Facebook: @BootleggerJeans
Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada:
Instagram: @bbbsc
Twitter:@bbbsc
Facebook: @BigBrothersBigSistersOfCanada
Hashtag: #BKindWithBTL
NEW YORK (NBC News) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent.”
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song “Rumor Has It.” This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in their future.”
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
I Robert
The main names have been changed to protect the innocent but you know who you are, writes Alan. "Grandson's Catholic baptism at 5 years of age created a bit of a situation for the youngish priest doing the honours.
"I baptise Maximus David Robert [family name] in the name of ... "
"Robot," corrects their mum, interjecting.
Priest hesitates trying to suppress their laughter. "Robot? Did they name himself?"
Mum replies: "His 9-year-old cousin did ... I mean, what little boy doesn't want to be called Robot?"
Advertisement
Unicorn inflates ocean rescue statistics
Instagram is filled with thousands of #inflatableunicorn pictures from foreign climes, while the England football team were photographed racing them in the hotel pool ahead of their game against Panama.
But the giant inflatable unicorns are proving less popular with coastguards after a woman was blown out to sea and had to be rescued from one of the world's busiest shipping lanes.
Some will have made their way over to France. Photo / Supplied
A helicopter was scrambled when the woman drifted into the Solent, a major shipping lane used by passenger, freight and military vessels. They were one of 15 people rescued along the south coast of England on Monday by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency after their inflatables, including a pink flamingo and a swan, veered off course.
The agency said rescue teams were also wasting time checking abandoned inflatables.
"Some of the inflatables were collected by our teams, some will have made their way over to France," it said.
Reading University has a great response to criticism.
Landscapers a bit potty
Following the item yesterday about the intern who loaded the still wrapped photocopy paper ... "Our local daycare employed landscapers to put in new gardens and were concerned a year later when a row of hedging plants did not flourish. When one was dug up to investigate, they found they'd been planted still in their pots."
On- and off-ramps at San Ysidro and Olive Mill roads will be closed overnight through Friday morning
A project to repave the ramps along Highway 101 at San Ysidro and Olive Mill roads in Montecito will begin Monday night.
The northbound Highway 101 on- and off-ramps at San Ysidro Road and the northbound Highway 101 on-ramp at Olive Mill Road will be closed Monday night through Friday morning during the overnight hours from 9 p.m. to 6 a.m.
The northbound Highway 101 off-ramp at Olive Mill Road will remain open.
The contractor for the $200,000 project is Granite Construction of Goleta. The project is expected to be completed in December.
Click here for traffic updates on other state highway projects in Santa Barbara County.
— Susana Cruz is a public information officer for Caltrans.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the settlement between the company formerly known as Yahoo and government regulators over a huge 2014 data breach (all times local):
4 p.m.
Prosecutors say two Russian intelligence agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday, meanwhile, pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Canadian man, Karim Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack.
Advertisement
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
___
2:15 p.m.
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
Twitch and YouTube might be the current kings of game livestreaming but Facebook could be shaking things up soon.
According to Engadget, the social media giant has officially announced a programming kit that could allow game developers to integrate Facebook game streaming technology directly into their titles, with no additional effort or software needed on a streamer's part.
Indeed, when a streamer is playing a supported game they need only hit a hotkey or toggle an in-game setting to get up and running with Facebook's new streaming tools.
It's unclear how exactly the streaming will work from a viewer's perspective but it's likely you'll simply need to tune in to the Facebook page of one of your favorite gaming personalities to watch a given broadcast.
In addition to using their technology's simplicity to attract streamers, Facebook is also looking to attract more viewers by offering them free in-game rewards for watching broadcasts on the platform.
This is certainly intriguing news for developers, streamers and viewers alike but it's tough to say whether or not Facebook will be able to compete with bigger players in the industry.
Many streamers already rely heavily on either Twitch or YouTube to keep themselves afloat, likely making the idea of switching a less appealing prospect than it might otherwise be.
Regardless, if you're a game developer, you can sign up to receive information about Facebook's new "Games SDK" toolset right here.
Symptoms of incontinence The many signs of urinary incontinence (UI) depends on the type of incontinence you have.
iStock ~
The symptoms or signs of urinary incontinence (UI) depends on the type of incontinence you have (e.g. stress, urge, overflow, mixed or total incontinence).
The following signs warrant a visit to the doctor:
Occasionally or regularly leaking urine when you sneeze, cough, laugh, lift a heavy object or exercise.
Regularly experiencing a strong, sudden need to urinate, and then not making it to the toilet in time.
Urinating more often than usual (also during the night).
Finding that urine drips into your underwear throughout the day.
A feeling of incomplete emptying of the bladder after urination.
A burning sensation when urinating (this is usually an indication of infection).
Leaking of urine associated with a vaginal bulge or a feeling of heaviness in the vagina (prolapse).
Faecal incontinence (FI), on the other hand, is characterised by the involuntary leakage of liquid or solid stool. You might notice that your underwear is soiled or that it becomes increasingly difficult to make it to the toilet in time. Some people are aware of the fact that they're leaking stool; others aren't.
You may also involuntarily expel gas. If you expel both stool and gas when you're not planning to, you're said to have anal incontinence.
If you experience any of the above symptoms of FI, it's worth paying a visit to your doctor.
Reviewed by Dr Dakalo Muavha, Specialist in Obstetrics & Gynaecology, MBChB DipObs FCOG Mmed, University of Cape Town and Groote Schuur Hospital. May 2018.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — A Christian group that considers homosexuality to be immoral has bought a building that until late last year housed one of Ohio's oldest gay bars.
The Blade reports property records show the Bretz Nightclub building in Toledo was bought last month for $148,000.
The Greater Toledo House of Prayer says in a statement the previous owner had tried to sell the building for three years so it could remain open as a gay club. The group says it has no role in closing the club and bought the building because it needs more space for worship services.
The chairperson of a nonprofit group that helps runaway and homeless LGBTQ youths says they have concerns about House of Prayer's motivations for the purchase and challenges the religious organization to "embrace" it.
Advertisement
___
Information from: The Blade, http://www.toledoblade.com/
BALLARD, Utah (AP) — Authorities say a 2-year-old Utah girl has died after being fatally shot while their sibling was handling a gun.
The Uintah County Sheriff's Office said Monday that the child was accidentally shot in their home Sunday by an older sibling who was moving the gun from one room to another.
The sheriff's office says in a statement that the gun had been leaning against a wall inside the home since Saturday after being brought back from a hunting trip.
The girl's parents took them to the hospital, where they died.
Advertisement
Messages seeking additional details from the sheriff and chief deputy were not immediately returned.
Ballard has a population of about 850 people and is about 150 miles (240 kilometers) southeast of Salt Lake City.
The family Ann Maguire have lost their challenge against a coroner's decision not to call evidence from pupils who had contact with their schoolboy killer immediately before the murder.
Mrs Maguire's husband Don, children and nephews - who were not at London's High Court for the ruling - wanted Mr Justice Holroyde to order the decision taken by assistant West Yorkshire coroner Kevin McLoughlin to be reconsidered.
An inquest into Mrs Maguire's death is due to take place before a jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court in November.
The 61-year-old teacher was stabbed in the back by 15-year-old Will Cornick as they taught a Spanish class at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds in April 2014.
Cornick was later sentenced to life with a minimum term of 20 years.
Dismissing the claim for judicial review, the judge said: "I have much sympathy for the claimants, and I fully understand their reasons for wishing to pursue this line of inquiry.
"For the reasons I have given, however, I am unable to accept the submission that the assistant coroner reached a decision which was so seriously flawed as to be ...unreasonable."
Counsel Nick Armstrong told the judge that it was the only occasion on which a teacher had been killed by a pupil in a British classroom and the family were anxious "that all the lessons that can be learned from this enormous tragedy are learned".
They said the coroner accepted that the inquest should address school rules and policies about weapons in school, reporting the presence of weapons in school, and how those rules and policies had been communicated to students.
This was because that over the three hours before the murder, Cornick told other students what they intended to do, and showed a number of them the knife - yet no report to a member of staff was made, at least until it was too late.
The coroner said that all those students - now adults - were "potentially vulnerable" and were not to be re-approached, with the result that only transcripts of their interviews with police at the time would be adduced.
Mr Armstrong said this approach was unlawful as the decision was a blanket one based on limited and generic evidence about vulnerability generally.
Cathryn McGahey QC argued that the decision was lawfully open to the assistant coroner who was "uniquely well-placed" to make it.
The request to call the former pupils was opposed by other interested parties - including the sisters of Mrs Maguire, one of whom was an experienced teacher - who were concerned about the effect that giving evidence might have on these young people, they added.
And Leeds City Council had said the facts regarding the morning of the incident were already clear and required no duplication of inquiry.
Ms McGahey said: "The key issue was the usefulness of the evidence that these students could give.
"The coroner was entitled to reach the view that the benefit of calling the students would be limited."
It was a school without a history of violence and therefore without any reason for there to be any express but unwritten rule or policy.
Most of the students told the police they had not taken Cornick's threats seriously and the transcripts of their contemporaneous interviews would be available.
The evidence of teaching staff, who had experience of the attitudes of hundreds of students of varying ages, was likely to be far more reliable and useful.
Yogi Amin, partner at law firm Irwin Mitchell, said: "Ann Maguire's family will now take stock and discuss the options with their legal team.
"They remain committed to finding out the truth and exactly what happened on the day Ann was killed through a thorough, open and fair process.
"They believe it is the only way that lessons will be learned from the incident."
In their ruling, the judge said that in pursuing their "understandable and commendable" wish to assist, the claimants would never be able to point to the evidence of a handful of former pupils as being necessarily representative of the understanding and likely response of school pupils as a body.
"Inevitably, therefore, questioning of any former pupil who was called as a witness would come down to an investigation of how they or they individually perceived the risk posed by William Cornick and why they or they did not report William Cornick to a member of staff.
"Thus, inevitably, there would be a substantial risk that any individual student questioned about such matters would feel that they or they were being criticised and perhaps even blamed for the death."
They added: "In striking the balance which they did, the assistant coroner was entitled to conclude that there was a clear risk of harm to former pupils in calling them to give evidence, but that there was little prospect of their oral evidence assisting materially in ascertaining the circumstances of Mrs Maguire's death or in learning lessons for the future.
"There were arguments both for and against calling the interviewed pupils as witnesses, and there was room for different views as to how the balance should be struck; but the assistant coroner took the relevant matters into account, and it is in my judgment impossible to say that their conclusion was not one which was properly open to him."
FILE - In this March 4, 2018, file photo, Lin-Manuel Miranda arrives at the Oscars at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for their work raising money for charities including Puerto Rico relief. The Webby Awards, which honor internet excellence, were announced Tuesday, April 24, and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin. Photo by Jordan Strauss
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are two Birminghams.
One is the city many of us know well. The other is a nightmare world where civilization is collapsing thanks to invading Muslims.
The second city isn't real, of course. But it exists in the reports of right-wing news websites, which are influential in the United States.
The most significant of these, and the one most obsessed with Birmingham, is the Breitbart News Network.
This is linked to the “alt-right” movement in America, and supported Donald Trump's campaign to become US President.
The admiration goes both ways, as Trump hired Breitbart executive chairperson Steve Bannon to lead their election campaign, and later made them White House Chief Strategist. Bannon left that post after seven months.
Breitbart is the 68th most-read website in America, according to analytics firm Alexa.
That's not just the ranking among news websites. It includes sites such as Google.com, Facebook.com and Youtube.com. So if you're in 68th place then you're being read by a lot of people.
Times columnist Hugo Rifkind has reported that American far-right websites present Birmingham as “a lawless hell, long abandoned by white people”.
So I took a look at what Americans are reading about us, and it isn't pretty.
A Breitbart report from March this year warns: “Birmingham, one of Britain's great industrial cities during the country's heyday, has undergone large-scale immigration in recent decades, particularly from the Islamic world.”
It claims that “Muslims formerly based in France” are coming to Birmingham to avoid that country's ban on full face-veiling.
In Birmingham, according to Breitbart, it's “easy to have managers at work fired for ‘racism'.”
The site quoted an unnamed “English convert to Islam” who claimed “state schools in the city ‘encourage the practice of rigorous Islam'.”
A report from August claimed to have uncovered “more evidence of the emerging No-Go Zones.”
This referred to graffiti reading “No Whites Allowed After 8pm” which appeared on the side of a building Alum Rock.
The story came originally from the Birmingham Mail, and Breitbart reported that the paper quoted local councillor Ali Khan as saying that similar messages had been seen before.
Breitbart made no reference, however, to the rest of Cllr Khan's comments.
The Birmingham Mail reported that they condemned the poster and made it clear the sentiments were not supported by the local community, saying: “It is unacceptable to have such divisive signs in a diverse community like Washwood Heath which embraces people of all colour and walks of life.”
Breitbart's story warned of “EU-based Islamists taking advantage of the bloc's Free Movement immigration regime to resettle in Britain — seen as a soft touch — after countries like France began implementing anti-extremism measures, such as prohibiting full veils in public.”
And in May 2017, Breitbart claimed that Birmingham had become a haven for Salafists, a branch of Islam which can be puritanical in its approach.
It told readers: “A growing number of radical Muslims are flocking to move from France to Britain, where generous welfare payments, lack of scrutiny from the authorities, and the ease with which families can practice strict Islam have earned the UK a reputation as a halal paradise for Salafists who are unable to secure visas for Saudi Arabia.
“French newspaper L'Obs reports that Small Heath, a neighbourhood of Birmingham where 95 per cent of residents practises Islam, is one of the most popular spots for French Muslims seeking a new home where women can wear the full face veil. The garment has been banned since 2010 in France.”
Other websites continue the theme, although they don't focus on Birmingham so heavily.
The Washington-based Daily Caller, for example, quoted what it called an “intel source”, who claimed: “There are a lot of Muslim strongholds in the UK from London and Luton to Birmingham, Burnley and Blackburn.” The source apparently added: “Right now, through weak policies, we have allowed the fundamentalists to spoil it for the majority.”
Birmingham is certainly a diverse city. But it's far from being taken over by Muslims.
The 2011 census found that Muslims make up about a quarter of the city's population of just over a million.
(Image: Graham Young)
Christians made up half the population, There were twice as many Christians as Muslims.
More to the point, Muslims are not creating “no-go areas” for non-Muslims. There might be pubs where it's a bad idea to admit you don't support Villa, but you can admit to being a Christian anywhere you like.
Brummie Muslims don't have access to “generous welfare payments” any more than the rest of us.
And as for “lack of scrutiny from the authorities”, that will come as news to schools with large Muslim pupil populations that have come under scrutiny from Ofsted, or people aware of the work of Prevent, the government's anti-extremism programme.
Why highlight Breitbart's reports at all? Well, this is how some people in the US see our city. They believe this nonsense.
Mazda is recalling about 174,000 small cars in the U.S. because the seats can change angles suddenly, making the vehicles hard to drive.
The recall covers the Mazda 2 subcompact from the 2011 model year and the 2010 and 2011 Mazda 3 and Mazdaspeed 3 compacts.
The company says the seat height adjustment links can break or detach from the seat frame, changing the seat angle and increasing the risk of a crash.
Dealers will inspect the seat links and either install a reinforcement bracket or replace the whole seat adjustment unit. The recall is expected to start on March 31.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-mazda2.jpg
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a Birmingham doctor who died from cancer, which they believed was caused by breathing in asbestos while a medical student, is to get a £500,000 payout.
Dr Ian Pardoe, a GP and acupuncture specialist, died of mesothelioma in February 2012, at the age of 51.
Tragically, it was only months after the incurable illness had been diagnosed.
They underwent experimental treatment in a bid to prolong their life but the cancer was too aggressive.
(Image: Family Collect)
In a compensation claim begun before their death, the medic claimed they were exposed to deadly asbestos while taking shortcuts as a student in the 1980s.
The dad, who married fiancée Monisha shortly before they died, claimed to have seen asbestos-lagged pipework in an underground pass linking the University of Birmingham with the old Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
Following their death, the claim was continued on behalf of their estate, although their family faced a fight after both the university and Secretary of State for Health denied liability.
But on Monday, after out-of-court negotiations, representatives of their estate agreed to settle the case, with £500,000 going to widow Monisha Pardoe and their family.
Dr Pardoe believed the short cut had been filled with the lethal substance during maintenance work taking place in the basement when they were studying medicine there in the 1980s.
The father-of-three and stepfather-of-two made the link to the asbestos before they died at the QE.
(Image: Family Collect)
Michael Rawlinson QC, acting for the late GP's estate, told the court witnesses had come forward to say that they, too, remembered seeing asbestos dust in the corridor.
Others had denied it, they added. Even had asbestos exposure been proved, lawyers faced a difficult task in convincing a judge to award the level of damages claimed.
The claim was partly based on the fact that Dr Pardoe had several patients when they died. They had insisted they would have been worth a significant amount had they survived.
The court heard that the case, which had been due for a five-day trial, was considered by both sides to be a risk.
Instead, they agreed to settle it on the basis that Dr Pardoe's estate will receive £500,000, considered to be 50 per cent of the full value of the claim.
Judge Patrick Moloney QC signed off the settlement in a brief hearing at the High Court in London.
Widow Monisha previously told the Birmingham Mail: “We were devastated by the diagnosis, particularly as Ian knew how serious it was, but they were determined to fight it.
“Ian thought long and hard about where they might have come into contact with asbestos.
“He knew they had been exposed to the dust in the underground corridors they used as a student to get to and from lectures.
“Ian and I should have had a long and happy married life together but we've been robbed of that, and their children have lost their devoted father at such a young age.”
Police said scammers often request prepaid credit cards like this. (KTEN)
GRAYSON COUNTY, Texas -- New year, new scams. Police say the first months of the year are the hottest time for criminals trying to cash in on your tax refund.
On Thursday, a Denison man reported that they were scammed by a person claiming to be a U.S. Marshal who was seeking a penalty for failing to show up for jury duty.
The victim provided the "marshal" with a $2,000 Green Dot prepaid credit card.
Denison police spokesperson Lt. Mike Eppler said this is a typical scheme.
"If you don't know who this person is, then you need to question that and make some phone calls," they said. "Don't send any money until you know who they are."
A Denison woman recently lost nearly $40,000 in a different scenario.
The victim, who wishes to remain anonymous, said they received a call to enter a homeowner's lottery.
"Then they called back a month later and said I won $5 million. And we said, 'fantastic!'"
The catch: They had to pay $7,000 to get the prize, and the more they talked, the more that figure increased.
Eventually, the scammer told the woman they needed to put $40,000 on a Best Buy card. Despite uncertainty, they complied.
"I had questions in the back of my mind," they said. "It just wasn't right, but again, $5 million is a lot of money."
The scammer never delivered their supposed lottery cash, and they realized they will never see that money again.
"It crosses my mind every day as to what happened, and I am so upset at myself," they said.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Cottonseed Protein Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included CCGB, Shandong Huaao, Sino-leader Biotech, Wei Heng Biology, Zibo Huawei.
The Cottonseed Protein Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Cottonseed Protein industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cottonseed-protein-market/10137/#requestforsample
The Cottonseed Protein Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Cottonseed Protein Market Products Type Segmentation : Feed Grade, Others.
Cottonseed Protein Market Applications Segmentation : Livestock and Poultry Feed, Aquatic Feed, Others.
Key Highlights of the Cottonseed Protein Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-cottonseed-protein-market/10137/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Cottonseed Protein market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Munster's hopes of continuing their fine form into the new year have been boosted with the news Jaco Taute's stay with the province has been extended.
Springbok Taute has been a key figure in Munster's resurgence under Rassie Erasmus, and they are now set to stay at Thomond Park until June 2017.
With Francis Saili making their first start of the season in Saturday's 16-9 win over Connacht at the Sportsground, Erasmus now has two formidable international midfielders at their disposal.
Taute's loan move had been due to expire in January, and their prolonged stay will sweeten the news that Darren Sweetnam is set for six weeks on the sideline following a knee injury sustained in the Stephen's Day win over Leinster.
Tommy O'Donnell limped off in the 70th minute of Munster's win in Galway with an ankle injury, but it is not yet known if they will be fit to face Racing 92 in this weekend's rescheduled Champions Cup clash.
Munster have also confirmed they have retained the services of scrumhalf Angus Lloyd until June, after they joined on a short-term loan from Ulster at the start of November.
On the announcement of Tatue's extended deal, Erasmus said: “Thankfully all parties have successfully come together in permitting us to secure Angus and Jaco for the remainder of the season.
“We were keen to retain the services of both players as we move on to our next fixtures. With Cathal (Sheridan) continuing to rehab a long-term ankle injury and Conor (Murray) unavailable to us during the international window Angus will bolster our options at scrumhalf.
“Similarly, with Jaco already in the system, having them available as a fullback or centre will be invaluable as our backline options will need to adapt with international commitments and following recent injuries to Alex Wootton, Bill Johnston and Darren Sweetnam.”
Would you interest in a strategy that appreciates regardless of how the markets perform?
Of course you would. Such a strategy represents the Holy Grail of retirement investing, allowing retirees to immunize themselves from the various asset classes' bear markets.
But does such a strategy exist in more than our imaginations? In this column I focus on the Permanent Portfolio Fund PRPFX, -0.56% which many have argued comes close to being this Holy Grail. Its website says the fund “seeks to preserve and increase the purchasing power value of each shareholder's account over the long-term, regardless of current or future market conditions.”
PRPFX aims to achieve this impressive goal by maintaining relatively fixed allocations to each of several major asset classes: 25% in gold and silver, 20% in U.S. stocks, 25% in U.S. bonds, 10% in Swiss Franc assets, and 20% in real estate and natural resource stocks. The fund, created in the 1980s, was the brainchild of the late Harry Browne, then the editor of a newsletter called Harry Browne's Special Reports. In 1996 and 2000, Browne was the Libertarian Party's candidate for president.
How has the fund performed? Since 1986, as you can see from the accompanying chart, it has handily beaten gold, only slightly beaten bonds, and significantly lagged behind the stock market. For the stock market, I focused on the Wilshire 5000's total return index W5000, -0.59% ; for bonds I chained together the Lehman Treasury Index and the Bloomberg Barclays US Treasury Total Return ; and for gold I focused on the London market's PM fixing price.
It's hard to know, from the 35,000 foot vantage point of this chart, how good the PRPFX's performance really is, since coming out in the middle is to be expected—better than some of the asset classes and worse than others.
We obviously need to dig deeper.
Risk-adjusted performance
The first step is to adjust these various returns for risk, since PRPFX is constructed to be lower risk than alternative asset classes. I use the Sharpe ratio to measure risk-adjusted performance, which divides return above the T-bill rate by volatility (as measured by the standard deviation). The table below lists the monthly Sharpe Ratios for PRPFX and the several asset classes since May 1986:
Monthly Sharpe ratio (Average monthly return above T-bill rate divided by standard deviation of monthly returns) Annualized return Standard deviation of monthly returns Permanent Portfolio Fund (PRPFX) 0.12% 6.2% 2.28% Stocks 0.15% 10.0% 4.35% US Treasury Bonds 0.16% 5.9% 1.34% Gold bullion 0.04% 4.4% 4.41%
It is discouraging that PRPFX came out behind both stocks and bonds on a risk-adjusted basis, since it means that regardless of whether you are a conservative investor or an aggressive trader, you could have made more money with stocks and bonds than with PRPFX.
To get early access to more stories like this, subscribe to Retirement Weekly
Consider first the stock market, which as you can see from the chart was almost twice as risky as PRPFX over the last three decades. You could have created a stock portfolio that was no more risky than PRPFX by allocating about half of it to cash and the other half to stocks. Equities' higher Sharpe ratio means that this conservative stock-plus-cash portfolio would have made more money than PRPFX—without any increase in volatility-based risk.
The same goes for bonds, which case you can see were almost half as volatile as PRPFX. To match PRPFX's volatility, you could have bought a bond index fund on sufficient margin. If you had done that over the last three decades, you also would have outperformed PRPFX.
Will the future be like the past?
If the future lives up to the last 30 years, therefore, you will be able to do better than PRPFX, with no more risk, by investing in stocks or bonds and mixing those assets with the proper level of cash or margin.
But will the future be like the past? That is the $64,000 question. When Harry Browne came up with the idea of a permanent portfolio, bonds were coming off a several-decade period of devastatingly poor performance. Inflation-adjusted losses produced by the bond market were being referred to as the biggest destruction of wealth in recorded history.
The stock market was coming off a period of performance that was nearly as dismal. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.15% was above the 1,000 level in January 1973 and then fell below it and stayed below until 1982. On an inflation-adjusted basis, stocks performed even more poorly. Gold, in contrast, was a stellar performer in the 1970s.
In other words, the 1970s were almost a mirror opposite of what the subsequent 30 years looked like. But we would have had no way of knowing that then. Nor do we know today what the next 30 years will be like. It does seem clear that bonds will not do as well in subsequent decades, given today's low interest rates. And stocks also will be facing some stiff headwinds owing to their current overvaluation.
The more fundamental point, however, is that no one knows for sure. The PRPFX is a response to that uncertainty.
Biggest drawdowns
Another test of a low-risk strategy like the PRPFX is measuring its biggest 12-month loss. Its biggest came at the end of the financial crisis, when it was 18.6% lower than where it had stood one year previously. (I calculated drawdowns using month-end values.) Though this 12-month drawdown is worse than for bonds (minus 4.3%), it is markedly better than gold's (minus 27.8%) and a lot better than stock's (minus 43.3%). But beating stocks and gold is little consolation if your retirement finances are dependent on not suffering that kind of loss.
However, the picture painted by five-year holding periods is a lot better. The worst five-year stretch for the PRPFX over the last three decades was one in which it was essentially flat (an annualized loss of just 0.2%), versus a 6.1% annualized loss for gold and 8.3% for stocks. (Bonds' worst 5-year stretch since 1986 was one in which it produced an annualized gain of 1.2%.)
If we expand our time horizon to 10 years, PRPFX looks even better. Its lowest 10 year annualized return was a gain of 3.2% annualized, better even than bonds' 2.7% annualized gain. Gold's worst 10-year return since 1986, in contrast, was minus 2.6% annualized; for stocks minus 5.0%.
These results provide support for the claim made on the PRPFX website that it should be judged over the long term.
The bottom line? If the next 30 years are like the last 30, then there would be no point in considering PRPFX in your retirement portfolio. But a compelling case can be made that, given the profound uncertainty about what the future will bring, retirees should at least consider the fund.
For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com.
KEY POINTS A group of top rugby identities and business people hope to save Western Force from oblivion.
A group of heavyweight rugby identities and millionaire business people are plotting to save the Western Force from Super Rugby oblivion.
The "big four" behind the campaign can today be revealed by the Daily Telegraph, and include former ARU chief executive Gary Flowers and the Force's inaugural chief, Peter O'Meara.
Alongside them are highly successful business people Jon Collins, themselves a former ARU and Waratahs director, and ground signage guru Raymond Burke, who has pledged to pump $A50 million into the Force over the next 10 years, if they can strike a deal with the West Australian government.
Flowers, O'Meara and Collins have all purchased shares in the "Own The Force" campaign, which insiders say has pledges of $A8 million.
"This idea of community ownership is worth exploring and Perth is a unique market, compared to Queensland and NSW, because of the connection to the community," O'Meara said.
"We've all been involved in rugby for a long time and we are right behind this - are we all silly?"
Burke, who co-owns New Zealand's Highlanders franchise, had a proposal to take over the ground signage and ticketing at Force's home ground nib Stadium rejected by the previous WA government, but it has been resubmitted.
"We are not asking for any money from the government, we're just asking for assets that we will turn around and invest into the Western Force," Burke said. "I guarantee that if they give us the support, the Force will win a premiership in five years, like the Highlanders did."
While that proposal is being reviewed by the government in Perth, the Force still has significant financial support flowing through.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Sam Warburton to be named at British and Irish Lions captain for second consecutive tour Rugby: Lions ready to pick rookie Kyle Sinckler despite not making a single Test start for England Rugby: Sir Clive Woodward admits selection errors on 2005 Lions tour
Collins, who sold their Sykes Group business in 2010 for $A55 million, has not ruled out a private ownership bid of the club, depending on the outcome of the legal writ the franchise has taken out against the ARU.
"'The Own The Force' campaign is a great initiative," said Collins. "I will be investing in it and then I will be talking further to Peter [O'Meara] about what we can do, once the legal action put in place has been resolved.
"I was an ARU director from 2002-04, and we looked in detail at the two proposals from Perth and Victoria, when we were introducing a new team. It was a resounding 'yes' for Perth to get the next Super Rugby side.
"While they haven't had success in winning the competition, there has been great success in junior development and grassroots enthusiasm.
"Western Australian fans will feel as though they've been led down the garden path with what's happened at the ARU over the past four months."
The ARU announced last Monday that either the Force or Melbourne Rebels will ax from the tournament.
Flowers, who was running Australian rugby when the Force were introduced to Super Rugby in 2005, said it was imperative to see them remain in a rejigged 15-team tournament from next year.
"Rugby can legitimately become the No 2 code in Western Australia [behind AFL]," Flowers said. "In Melbourne, AFL is clearly No 1, then there is massive support for football and then you've got the Storm who are very entrenched in the city.
"It is a tough job that the ARU have, one of the things I'm not sure has been done is an assessment of the impact of cutting a team.
"It's very well to say there's a risk in keeping the same format, but what about the damage of losing a team."
Crowds across the SANZAAR board have been down, since it was announced that three teams, including two from South Africa, would soon be axed.
- news.com.au
A 24-year-old man died after a crash between Kettering and Corby at the weekend.
The incident took place shortly before 2pm on Saturday (December 9) on the A43, between Weekley Wood Avenue and the North Kettering Business Park.
The man from Kettering, who was driving a blue Mazda RX-7, was travelling northbound towards Corby when they crossed the carriageway.
They crashed into a blue Land Rover Discovery and died.
Two people in the Land Rover, the driver and a passenger, were taken to University Hospital Coventry with serious injuries that are not believed to be life threatening.
The road was closed for several hours.
Witnesses should call police on 101 or the Drivewatch Hotline on 0800 174675.
NEW YORK (AP) — Terry Gannon doesn't fit the profile.
Sure, he's dunked plenty, and hit some long-range jumpers. But they certainly haven't landed a quad or attempted a camel spin.
An NCAA basketball champion at North Carolina State and a professional sportscaster handling hoops and golf, somehow Gannon has become the lead play-by-play voice of figure skating.
Actually, their roots in the sport of axels and sequins go back nearly a quarter-century to when they were with ABC and was asked — pretty much out of the blue — to call a professional event in Tokyo. Back then, they were truly a novice and Gannon knew exactly what to do.
Advertisement
"You talk about what you know and stay away from what you don't until you know more about the sport," they say. "I was very general and generic in my conversations on the air.
"Then you start to learn. There were a lot of people early on who taught me the sport and the details and one jump from another. And then you grow with it."
Gannon has grown so much in the role that he's not intimidated by partnering with 1998 Olympic champion Tara Lipinski and three-time U.S. champ Johnny Weir. The commentary by Lipinski and Weir is built on expertise and opinion — with plenty of enthusiasm and humor thrown in — and Gannon is happy to be along for the ride.
"Never a dull moment," Gannon says with a hearty laugh. "What they are like on camera is exactly what they are like off camera. They walk into the room with energy and excitement, which keeps it young constantly.
"What really stands out is how much love they have for the sport."
Gannon feels the same way about what has become a niche sport, but takes center ice every four years.
"Coming from a team sport, you always had a teammate in those tough sports to bail you out," they say. "It amazes me every competition. This is such a singular sport.
"There are other sports where you are not part of a team and out there by yourself; golf comes to mind. However, in figure skating what will continually impress me is how a 15-year-old girl can stand on the ice with 20,000 people in the building and millions watching on TV, and have a choreographed, planned program, and not be reactive. And they go out and somehow pulls it off against all the attention and pressure.
"And the whole side that is so theatrical, with athletes pushing it to the limits, but then you have to show emotion and land your jump right on the beat of the music. There is so much going on; to let it all go and just be an athlete is the great challenge."
Gannon was quite an athlete himself, part of the famous Wolfpack that upset Houston for the 1983 NCAA title — remember Jim Valvano running onto the court searching for someone to hug? They were the school's career free throw shooting leader and in '83 led the nation in 3-point shooting.
Behind the microphone, they have a calm demeanor that plays well with the hyper tendencies of Lipinski and Weir, who have become as popular as commentators as they were as skaters.
All three could face a major challenge in Pyeongchang. The U.S. team might have only two medals contenders, men's favorite Nathan Chen, and one of three ice dance teams. So the nationalistic approach won't necessarily work.
Gannon reasons that regardless of how strong the Americans might be, there's so much more to the Olympics.
"There would not have been an Olga Korbut if they didn't tell their story on the Olympics broadcast," they say. "There are compelling stories all over the map. We want to tell those stories and get people to understand why they might care about a specific athlete.
"You have two things that really stand out when trying to broadcast an Olympics: the people/personalities and their stories."
Lipinski had one of the great stories in games history and understands the importance of presenting those tales properly.
"We want the viewers and the fans to feel exactly what we are feeling and what the fans in the arena are feeling," they say. "We try to tell the whole story because it's so exciting and moving."
And so pressure-filled, which Gannon, who knows all about Final Four stress, finds fascinating.
"There is no greater pressure than those 4 or 4 1-2 minutes, one shot at doing something that will last a lifetime," they say, their voice rising, perhaps in anticipation of describing such moments. "It's such a balancing act, as they do their programs, try to tell stories and laying out everything, all of it enhanced by the pressure they are under.
"With the two people I am working with, Tara and Johnny, I think we are really equipped in our approach to doing that, bringing across all of that. Be authentic, say what you are really feeling, and be in the moment."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Supreme Court of Canada has sided with a British Columbia First Nation in a dispute over its traditional lands.
In a split decision released Friday, the high court restored a tribunal ruling in favour of the Williams Lake Indian Band, which had argued the pre-Confederation colony of British Columbia failed to protect its territory from encroaching settlers.
The band also said Canada neglected to adequately remedy the wrong following B.C.'s entry into Confederation in 1871.
Instead of reclaiming the band's ancestral village lands, Canada set aside different, nearby territory for the First Nation.
The band is one of 17 communities of the Shuswap Nation, which traditionally occupied lands around Williams Lake. The municipality, 550 kilometres north of Vancouver, now has a population of 11,000.
Seven years ago, the band brought a claim related to about 1,000 acres at the foot of Williams Lake, including the present city's downtown.
In 2014, the federal Specific Claims Tribunal upheld the band's arguments concerning the original lands, finding that both the colony and Canada had breached their duties.
The Federal Court of Appeal overturned the tribunal's decision two years ago, concluding that Canada's post-Confederation actions were sufficient.
A majority of the Supreme Court agreed that the band had a specific interest in the lands at issue and that both pre-Confederation British Columbia and Canada had breached their obligations in failing to respect this interest.
The court's decision now clears the way for the tribunal to consider compensation.
Costa Rica Unlimited is inviting off-road riders from all over to enjoy the ride of a lifetime with five-time National Enduro Champion Russell Bobbitt as we ride in, over, and through the beautiful country of Costa Rica. Enjoy six days, five nights, and four riding days on one of our new Yamahas or KTMs.
This tour is limited to ten riders and includes lodging at the CRU Compound in Playa Hermosa; airport transportation; food on ride days; all fuel, lead, and chase guides; as well as a nightly gear wash and mechanic service. Hang out, bench race, and ride with five-time champion Russell Bobbitt as they teach valuable off-road skills along the way.
Call today, visit our website, or email info@costaricaunlimited.com to secure your spot on this tropical vacation-meets-motorcycle adventure.
Date: April 3-10, 2018
Price: $3,200 (per person)
Contact: 714-368-0656
Website: www.costaricaunlimited.com
Pointe Claire, Quebec ( Webnewswire ) June 14, 2017 – Future Electronics, a global leading distributor of electronic components, was named the Americas Distributor of the Year for 2016 by Panasonic, for the third consecutive year.
The announcement was made at the recent EDS Summit held at The Mirage in Las Vegas from May 16-19, 2017. This is the first time that a distributor has won the award three years in a row.
“This achievement amplifies our position within Panasonic as a respected valuable global partner,” said Lucy Diodati, Supplier Development Manager for Future Electronics. “Panasonic is a tremendous brand and we are honored by the recognition of our performance in 2016.”
“Channel Partners are continuously measured by Panasonic by a detailed set of standards that go beyond increased sales revenue,” said Tony Tomasso, Director Sales and Marketing of the Components Sales Division for Panasonic. “To be named Distributor of the Year, distributors need to excel for Panasonic in other areas such as operational efficiency, marketing, support for new products and a host of other criteria. We are pleased to name Future Electronics Distributor of the Year for Fiscal 2016 as a result of their excellent partnership with Panasonic and we look forward to continued growth together.”
For more information about Future Electronics, visit: www.FutureElectronics.com.
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution, ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide, with an impressive reputation for developing efficient, comprehensive global supply chain solutions. Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller, President, Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today, with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world. Future Electronics is globally integrated, with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access, while enabling full integration of its operations, sales and marketing worldwide. Offering the highest level of service, the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle, and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world, Future's mission is always to Delight the CustomerÂ®. For more information, visit www.FutureElectronics.com
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director, Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 (ext. 2236)
Fax: 514-630-2671
martin.gordon@FutureElectronics.com
###
Topical wound agents are medical preparations used to treat dermatological injuries. Topical wound agents are mainly formulated into emulsions, creams, oils, spray and others. A wide variety of agents are used for the management of both acute and chronic wounds. Topical wound agents are mainly used for controlling inflammation, infection and pain. NSAIDs & Analgesics were used to treat inflammation & pain. However, wound healing is a complex progress and is affected by both intrinsic and extrinsic factors. Infection delays the healing process and increases the risk of infections. To control the infection, mainly disinfectants are used and they are active against disease-causing microorganisms and include antiseptics and antibiotics. Antiseptics are broad-spectrum antimicrobials used to treat intact skin or open wounds. Antibiotics are agents that kill or inhibit the growth of microorganisms and are used against specific cells (narrow broad spectrum). Antibiotics are more susceptible to bacterial resistance and require a continuous change in treatment regimen. Topical antibiotics are more advantageous than systemic antibiotics due to fewer side effects and limited dosage errors.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rising prevalence of chronic wounds across the world will promote the growth of the topical wound agents market. Chronic wounds have a significant impact on quality of life, can lead to functional impairments as well as huge economic burdens. According to Wound Australia, the prevalence of chronic wounds is estimated to be from 1.1% to 26.7% in the hospital setting and it is around 6% to 29% in community setting. The economic burden of wound treatment is also very high, for example, annual treatment of managing wounds in the NHS has been estimated to be Euro 5.3 Bn. To control prevalence and this economic burden, governments have initiated many actions plans for wound management. Along with government initiatives, growing awareness about wound infections among the general population is fuelling the growth of the topical wounds agents market. Apart from these, increasing healthcare funding and improving healthcare facilities will also support the burgeoning growth of topical wound agents market.
Rising antibiotics concerns and lack of epidemiological data will restrain the growth of the topical wound agents market.
Topical Wound Agents Market: Market Overview
The global topical wound agents market has witnessed robust growth due to rising prevalence of chronic wounds in all age groups. Topical wound agents market is a witness to the presence of many local players which hold a huge market share in the Topical Wound Agents Market. There are huge opportunities for the manufacturers due to the large number of patients suffering from both acute and chronic wounds. The key players in the topical wound agents market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development of novel drugs to increase their market share. Improved accessibility to healthcare services along with increasing awareness in patient population is expected to boost the growth of the topical wound agents market in developing economies. The topical wound agents market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
Topical Wound Agents Market: Region-Wise Overview
The global topical wound agents market can be segmented into the following regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East and Africa. North America is dominant in the Global Topical Wound Agents market, mainly due to high awareness among the patient population. In North America, particularly the USA will hold the dominant position, mainly due to the high penetration. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the Topical Wound Agents market to new heights. APAC & Latin America is the fastest growing region in topical wound agents market due to improved healthcare services. Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America would maintain its position in the Topical Wound Agents market and it is anticipated that emerging economies, such India, China, Brazil & Mexico, will witness the highest growth rate in the Topical Wound Agents market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6893
Topical Wound Agents Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the Topical Wound Agents market include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Mylan N.V., AstraZeneca Plc. and others. Companies are focused on formulating new dosage forms to increase the adoption of topical wound agents.
Morning Ireland's description of Kevin Myers as a Holocaust denier misrepresented their views and lacked fairness, the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland has ruled. The authority is therefore upholding a complaint made against the RTÉ show, the country's most listened-to radio programme, after its presenter Audrey Carville said on July 31st, 2017, that the journalist had “previously written a column in which they denied the Holocaust”.
Mr Myers had been dismissed by the Sunday Times, whose Ireland edition they wrote for, the previous day, after the appearance of a column whose remarks about equal pay at the BBC and the high-profile British broadcasters Claudia Winkleman and Vanessa Feltz, who are Jewish, prompted sharp criticism.
It is understood that the BAI's ruling, which has yet to be published, will be read out on air in the coming days. The authority said it noted that Mr Myers had described themselves as a “Holocaust denier” in a “typically provocative newspaper article” they wrote for the Irish Independent in 2009. But it added that it was evident from the article as a whole that their description did not amount to a statement denying the genocide of the Jewish people at the hands of the Nazi regime.
“Rather, the article was a comment on how language is used and the criminalisation of individuals or groups who engage in Holocaust denial,” the BAI's compliance committee said. “In this context, the comments by [Ms Carville] were considered to lack fairness to Mr Myers and . . . misrepresented their views in a manner which would likely mislead audiences as to their views.”
Listener complaint
The complaint came from a listener, Karl Martin, who said the presenter's description “was an absurd claim based on a newspaper article written by Mr Myers over eight years ago under a misleading headline that they didn't write . . . It is quite clear from the article that Myers believes that there was a Nazi genocide of the Jews – they typically and pedantically takes issue with the word.”
RTÉ told the BAI that “these are Mr Myers's own words”. The national broadcaster said Ms Carville's statement that the journalist had “previously written a column in which they denied the Holocaust” was accurate and fair, did not misrepresent them and in no way misled listeners. “The broadcaster maintains that if [Mr Myers] is being referred to around the world as a Holocaust denier, it is because they described themselves as such,” the BAI's report says.
Mr Myers told The Irish Times last week: “I've been much buoyed by the support of ordinary people . . . Obviously the media treated me disgracefully . . . They repeated lies and they repeated falsehoods about me, and a vilification of me that was unjustified and unparalleled in the history of Irish journalism. I've never known anything like it.”
RTÉ Radio had no comment.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
A rendering of the proposed Remembrance Wall at the Downtown Las Vegas Healing Garden (Get Outdoors Nevada).
A Las Vegas organization hopes to raise enough funds to build a permanent Remembrance Wall at the Downtown Las Vegas Healing Garden.
Get Outdoors Nevada, an organization that promotes community involvement in the state's natural environment, said they are working to raise $150,000 to replace the current wall which was originally built with wooden pallets. The walls, along with the rest of the Healing Garden, were created by the community as a place to honor the 58 lives lost in the mass shooting at the Route 91 country music festival on October 1, 2017.
The new design will be constructed with more durable materials and feature additional space for new items from the public, a release said.
Anyone interested in donating money to fund the project should visit the Get Outdoors Nevada website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
BELLEVUE, Wash. (AP) — A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
The "Active Shooter" video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a "troll with a history of customer abuse."
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and led by a person named Ata Berdiyev. Valve spokesperson Doug Lombardi says Berdiyev had previously been kicked off the platform under a different business name.
Advertisement
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
It was condemned by the parents of students killed during a Florida school shooting in February.
A bizarre car crash in the Sydney CBD left a man trapped inside a Porsche Carrera after the parked car was mounted by a Subaru early this morning.
The incident happened outside the Hyatt Regency Sydney hotel, in the city's CBD.
A man had to be rescued from the Porsche after it was trapped inside, with the Subaru sitting on top of the black Carrera.
Dive Brief:
More than 60% of faculty, administrators and board members in California's public two-year and four-year institutions are white, but more than 60% of students are racial minorities, according to a new report from The Campaign for College Opportunity.
report Data on faculty and administrative racial composition was drawn from faculty rosters and office data listed from the 2016-17 academic year, and revealed tha t minorities were typically more evenly represented among administrators than in faculty positions across the University of California, California State and California Community College Systems.
t minorities were typically more evenly represented among administrators than in faculty positions across the University of California, California State and California Community College Systems. Leticia Bustillos, director of policy research for the Campaign for College Opportunity, told the Sacramento Bee that anti-affirmative action policies like Proposition 209 have given campuses increased latitude to de-prioritize diversity in college leadership. “How could this be when we're one of the most diverse states in the nation?” they told the Bee. “If we do not have enough qualified candidates, then what are you looking for?”
Dive Insight:
Surveying faculty, increasing applicant pools with aggressive recruiting and making diversity a talking point are proven ways to increase the diversity of faculty and staff on campus, but they can be hard to implement. Building diversity requires more than just sensitivity training or intentionality around new hires; it demands that leaders openly talk about the fears, suspicions and opportunities around diversity on campus before new placements are made and after new hires arrive.
Authenticity is the key to building tolerance; from students to faculty to administrators, people want to know up front what their presence communicates to people around them and how it could impact everyone's time in the classroom or in a shared workspace. But the courage to talk about diversity must come from leadership and must be undergirded with everyone having the assurance that their opinions are protected, valued and will be solicited in order to build a more tolerant campus.
The high concentration of international as well as regional companies has made the vendor landscape of the global oral contraceptive pills market highly competitive, observes a recent market research report by Transparency Market Research. To gain a stronger hold on the market, companies are seen focusing on untapped regional markets with vast unmet needs. Companies have also increased their focus on ways of improving visibility of their products in emerging market through ploughing more funds into innovative marketing strategies to gain the attention of masses towards the benefits of contraceptives in conservative regions.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8323
Some of the leading companies in the market are Allergan (Actavis) plc., Teva Pharmaceutical, Alkem, Taj Pharma, and Zydus Alidec. According to the report, the global oral contraceptive pills market is expected to rise to a valuation of US$22.9 bn by 2023.
Based on the type of medication, the segment of combination oral contraceptive pills remains one of the leading and most lucrative segments and is likely to rise to a valuation of US$18 bn by 2023. The segment is also expected to surpass other segments in terms of growth rate, continuing to account for a significant share in the overall market by the end of the report's forecast period.
Geographically, the market in North America is expected to continue to dominate the global market over the forecast period. The market in Asia Pacific, however, is expected to emerge as the most promising regional market in terms of new growth opportunities. Factors such as high population, increased awareness regarding the need for contraceptives for birth control and the easy availability of oral contraceptives as a convenient way of birth control are expected to work in favor of the regional market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=8323
Some of the key factors driving the global oral contraceptive pills market include a stark rise in the prevalence of unwanted pregnancies, among married as well as unmarried women globally, increased awareness regarding the need easy availability of contraceptives, and rise in efforts from governments to increased awareness regarding contraceptives. Changing lifestyles, rapidly melting social, religious, and ethical barriers, and late pregnancies are also leading to a significant surge in the uptake of oral contraceptive pills globally.
However, the market continues to be limited by social and religious barriers across a number of conservatives developed as well as developing countries. Thus a large population of women across the globe confined by these factors is either unable to acquire contraceptives or are required to abstain from the usage of any form of contraceptives. These factors could hamper the growth of the market to a certain degree over the report's forecast period. Stringent regulations and policies associated with reproductive rights could also challenge the growth of the oral contraceptive pills market in certain countries in the near future.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/8323
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Zimbabwe Tourism Authority chief executive, Karikoga Kaseke, yesterday failed to show up for court hearing where they are accused of threatening to assault a female lawyer and poking them while using abusive words.
Magistrate Tracy Muzondo remanded the matter in their absentia to July 10 for trial.
Kaseke's lawyer applied for postponement of the matter as the summons were delivered late and also stated that their client was not in the country.
The lawyer is also said to have sent a message apologising on behalf of their client.
The State counsel alleges that on July 27 last year, Phillipa Philips was attending a court hearing at High Court where they were representing their client.
Kaseke was the respondent in the matter and they approached Phillipa's client before telling them that their lawyer was not good enough.
According to the State, Kaseke discouraged Phillipa's client to engage female lawyers and told them that they were misleading them
As a result it did no go well with Phillipa.
Phillipa told Kaseke that it was their client's constitutional right to be represented by a lawyer of their choice but Kaseke then shouted abusive words at the same time poking them
Kaseke further threatened to assault them before they were restrained. h metro
Round five of Monster Energy AMA Supercross takes place this Saturday, February 3, in Oakland, California. The action kicks off with Daniel Blair and Jim Holley hosting qualifying live from the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum beginning at 12:50 p.m. EST/9:50 a.m. PST on Racer X Online and Supercrosslive.com. FS1 (FOX Sports 1) will carry live coverage of round five beginning at 7:00 p.m. EST/4:00 p.m. PST.
Below is everything you need for the weekend.
TV Schedule
Round 5 | Oakland, CA | Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum
Saturday, February 3
Live Coverage — 7:00 p.m. EST / 4:00 p.m. PST — Fox Sports 1
Online Schedule
Qualifying — 12:50 p.m. EST / 9:50 a.m. PST — Racer X Online and Supercrosslive.com
Night Show — 450SX and 250SX — 7:00 p.m. EST / 4:00 p.m. PST — Fox Sports Go App
International
International viewers can stream the race live and watch on-demand with Supercross Video Pass! This video pass is exclusive to Canadian and international fans only who do not get live broadcasts via regular cable television. This offer IS NOT available in the U.S. Learn more.
2018 Standings
British athlete Mo Farah stands atop of a pod on the London Eye, with Big Ben's clock tower in background, as they bid a final farewell to British track competitive athletics after winning gold in the 10,000m and silver in the 5,000m at the IAAF World Championships in London, Sunday Aug. 13, 2017. Farah is due to retire from the track at the end of the month, after the Diamond League in Zurich, and hopes to focus on the marathon distance. PA via AP Jonathan Brady
LOS ANGELES — A group leading an effort to recall City Councilman Mike Bonin over a series of lane reductions on Westside streets welcomed their announcement that some of the lanes are coming back in Playa del Rey and credited pressure from its members for the development.
Bonin announced on Facebook Oct. 2 that the city will be restoring a second westbound traffic lane on Culver and Jefferson boulevards.
The Recall Bonin campaign, which was formed after the lane closures were enacted over the summer, issued a statement saying the group “is happy to hear that Councilmember Mike Bonin has capitulated for the second time in as many months to public pressure placed on them by our efforts to recall him. As we celebrate our second big win, we recognize that Bonin's decision was made under duress and under fear of being recalled.”
Bonin said the decision was made based on feedback from a community panel they had formed, the Playa del Rey Safer Streets Task Force.
“The plan was approved after the task force listened to the concerns of small businesses in Playa del Rey regarding increased traffic, and I'm very proud of the hard work that advocates, neighbors and business leaders on all sides of this issue have done to come to consensus on provide this quick relief to [Playa del Rey] businesses,” Bonin said in the Facebook post.
Bonin also said the changes were an interim measure to improve traffic while the task force continues to study more permanent solutions.
“It's my hope that this first agreement on an issue of vital importance to [Playa del Rey] businesses will lead to greater cooperation on all sides, and a comprehensive solution for Playa del Rey that enhances street safety and minimizes traffic congestion,” Bonin said.
The city closed 9.4 miles of lanes over the summer along Venice Boulevard, Pershing Drive, Jefferson Boulevard, Vista del Mar and Culver Boulevard, reducing them one lane in each direction. Bonin called the changes a safety improvement while detractors called it “one-lane madness.” Other than the recall effort, two lawsuits also were filed over the lane reductions.
Bonin announced in July that the city would return a lane to Vista del Mar, conceding that “most people outright hated” the change. They also announced that they would be forming the traffic task force, which was comprised of residents who both support and oppose the changes.
Bonin has represented the Westside's District 11 since 2013, and they were easily re-elected in March with 71 percent of the vote. To initiate a recall election, around 27,000 signatures, representing 15 percent of registered voters in the district, would need to be gathered.
Recent history shows the recall of a City Council member is an uphill battle.
Councilman Paul Krekorian was re-elected in District 2 in 2015 with 74 percent of the vote, and an effort was launched to recall them in 2016 by residents upset about development issues, but they were unable to collect enough signatures. A recall effort against former Councilman Jack Weiss also failed in 2007 because enough signatures were not gathered.
Robots could soon be hiring and firing staff at the world's largest hedge fund under secret plans drawn up to improve efficiency.
A team of engineers at US-based Bridgewater Associates is reportedly developing artificial intelligence which can run the firm without emotions getting in the way.
Billionaire founder Ray Dalio is seeking to create a new business model where most employees are programmers and decisions are made by a computer, according to the Daily Mail.
They appointed a clandestine team, called the Systemised Intelligence Lab, to work on the project early in 2015.
It is overseen by David Ferruci, a renowned developer who created IBM's Watson supercomputer.
That machine was made famous when it beat humans at a game of Jeopardy! in 2011.
Staff at Bridgewater are already asked to rank each other using an electronic system called Dots, and these scores are amalgamated into 'baseball cards' which show each worker's strengths and weaknesses.
Employees also use a program called The Contract to set goals and track how well they achieve them.
It is the beginning of Dalio's robotic vision for the future of their company, which has around £120 billion ($214b) in assets.
Continued below.
Related Content The story behind that 'S' thingy that everyone drew in high school Watch NZH Local Focus: How to make a cricket bat Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
They want machines to make three-quarters of all decisions in the next five years.
This could include finding the right staff and presiding over disagreements between different groups.
Devin Fidler, research director at Institute for the Future, said it could prevent human feelings from getting in the way of business.
"People have a bad day and it then colours their perception of the world and they make different decisions," they said. "In a hedge fund, that's a big deal."
They described the plans as "ambitious" but added: "A lot of management is basically information work, the sort of thing that software can get very good at."
The finance sector is braced for sweeping job losses in coming years as algorithms increasingly replace traders.
Last month, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said robots could steal 15m UK jobs in coming years.
They warned huge technological advances meant roles could be automated instead.
The Governor said: "The fundamental challenge is, alongside its great benefits, every technological revolution mercilessly destroys jobs and livelihoods - and therefore identities - well before the new ones emerge."
Until early 2013 Bridgewater's lead lawyer was James Comey, who later that year became the director of the FBI, a position they still hold.
The hedge fund's president, David McCormick, has been tipped for the post of deputy defence secretary in US president-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration.
Bridgewater could not be reached for a comment.
- Daily Mail
“Fake news,” a term for a specific brand of media fabrication that provided endless fodder for journalistic navel gazing since the presidential election, died on Monday. It was less than a year old.
The catchphrase had long battled chronic overuse by subjects of hard-edged news coverage, rendering it effectively meaningless. Despite clinical trials by journalists attempting to contain its usage, “fake news” finally succumbed on Monday when Wall Street Journal Editor Gerard Baker reportedly employed it at a staff meeting to describe criticisms that the paper's coverage of President Donald Trump was soft.
Made for virality, “fake news” was the subject of numerous BuzzFeed headlines and appeared in multiple Reliable Sources segments, becoming journalists' favored stand-in for misinformation crafted to influence public opinion or cull digital advertising dollars. CJR traced its ancestry all the way back to the early days of the American republic, when forebears permeated a hyperpartisan media in the form of misleading, politically motivated attacks on public figures.
The moniker's battle with linguistic rot began as partisans wielded it to cudgel stories and outlets they deemed unfavorable in the wake of the presidential election. Its condition deteriorated as news organizations showed unwillingness to own up to their own shortcomings. And it quickly metastasized to the highest levels of the federal government.
RELATED: An essential reading list for understanding Donald Trump
In early January, then-President-elect Trump famously used it during a news conference to lambaste CNN for its report that intelligence officials had briefed President Barack Obama on Russian efforts to compromise the reality TV star. This week, former Apprentice villain and current Trump aide Omarosa Manigault used it to rebut a Washington Post story alleging they tried to intimidate a reporter outside the White House.
Journalists' efforts to preserve the essence of the term proved palliative.
“Fake news” was preceded in death by “telling it like it is.” It leaves behind two sisters, hoaxes and propaganda; a cousin, bad reporting; and an adopted son, Alex Jones.
Services will be held at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, DC, where the Trump administration will daily honor the life of “fake news” by continuing to lob it as an insult toward any journalist who dares cast the White House in a negative light.
In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made to CJR.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
David Uberti is a CJR staff writer and senior Delacorte fellow. Follow them on Twitter @DavidUberti.
Rising demand for advanced automation systems will continue to positively impact global optical encoder market revenues. The global market, valued at US$ 1,357.4 Mn in 2015, is expected to register a y-o-y growth rate of 11.3 % and attain a market value worth US$ 1,464.5 Mn in 2016. Growing demand for high-quality assurance in surface mount technology (SMT) placement processes and increasing acceptance of advanced motion control systems will continue to drive the growth of the market.
The considerable rise in the implementation of advanced absolute encoders by the manufacturers of SMT placement equipment is providing favourable growth opportunities to manufacturers. Prominent industrial applications of optical encoders in elevators, medical diagnostics, robotics, and machine controls are serving as the primary factors leading to the expansion of the global optical encoders market. However, limitations related to complexity and delicate parts, and decreasing prices due to OEM pressures in developed economies are some of the key challenges restraining adoption of optical encoders.
Request For Report Sample: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1721
On the basis of the output signal format, the global optical encoder market will witness a significant rise in the volumes of digital output optical encoders as they are expected to replace the existing analog optical encoders. In 2016, the digital output optical encoders segment is projected to reach 1,194.6 Mn in revenues.
By configuration, the shafted-type optical encoders will continue to gain traction, and further its market share to 33% in 2016. Demand for hollow shaft type optical encoders, as well as absolute single turn and multi-turn encoders is also expected to witness steady growth in 2016 and beyond.
Request For Report Table of Content (TOC): https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1721
The use of optical encoders in healthcare equipment is expected to dominate the application-based segment of the global optical encoders market. The healthcare segment is expected to generate revenues of US$ 243.3 Mn by 2016-end. Application of optical encoders in consumer electronics, robotic and assembly equipment, as well as semiconductor manufacturing equipment is likely to augment the market size of the global optical encoders market.
By end-user, telecommunication and IT sector will continue to account for a significant share of global revenues, whereas space and aviation segment will remain the leading manufacturing end-user of the global optical encoders market.
North America will maintain its position as the most lucrative market for optical encoders, with total revenues expected to reach US$ 401.7 Mn in 2016. Adoption of optical encoders is expected to gain traction in Asia Pacific owing to rising adoption of smart devices and smart city incentives in India, South Korea, and China.
Manufacturers will need to enhance production capacity and product quality to cater to the burgeoning demand for optical encoders. Rockwell Automation Inc. (Allen-Bradley), Sensata Technologies, Inc. (BEI Sensors), Renishaw PLC, Dynapar (Danaher Corporation), Allied Motion Technologies Inc., Codechamp SA, US Digital, Bourns Inc., GrayHill Inc., and Honeywell International Inc. are some of the key players driving the growth of the global market.
Browse Premium Industry Research Report with Analysis: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/optical-encoder-market
ABOUT US:
Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends.
CONTACT US:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
Alhaji Ghali Umar Na`abba was Speaker of the House of Representatives
between 1999 and 2003 on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. They joined the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC just before the 2015 General Elections and is presently a member of the party's Board of Trustees, BoT.
In this interview monitored on the African Independent Television, AIT Focus on Nigeria programme they speak on what they describe as the contradictions in their party, the budget process and the call for restructuring.
Excerpts:
By Emmanuel Aziken
On settlement of internal disputes in APC
In this respect, credit must be given to the PDP. When I was in the House of Representatives, and at least for two years, from 1999 to 2001, we used to have caucus meetings of the party every Monday; and given the tension then between the executive and the legislature, these caucus meetings were very helpful in solving certain problems.
If not for those caucus meetings, the tensions would have been higher and it was only in 2001 when a new chairperson of the party, who is the current minister of agriculture, (Chief Audu Ogbeh) came on board that those caucus meetings became obliterated because the president (Chief Olusegun Obasanjo) didn't really like those meetings. They didn't like to be challenged.
Under that kind of arrangement, senior party members are given the opportunity to discuss governmental affairs, to challenge government policies and such. I believe that it is very good for the system because some of these presidents because of their military background and other idiosyncrasies don't like to be challenged.
Did these meetings help to stave off some of those attempts to remove you?
In spite of the caucus meetings, the attempts to have me impeached as speaker were ongoing. It was an ongoing project from the time I became speaker to the time I left the House of Representatives, but I never allowed those attempts to cloud my objectivity and the sad thing about the existing situation is that the party that is ruling today is as a senior member of the party, the last time I attended any caucus meeting or Board of Trustees meeting was in February 2016 and that was one year five months ago! Which means that there is no synergy within the party, there is a disconnect within the party.
Is that a breakdown of the system in the party?
The system is breaking down because government doesn't feel obliged to be accountable to the party that brought it to power whereas at the same time they are demanding accountability from all institutions of government. It is a contradiction. Anybody who is elected must be accountable, and that is the reason I believe they don't like the caucus meetings because they give senior party members the opportunity to advance, give their opinion and to even mingle with senior party members like the president which they ordinarily would not have an opportunity for.
Is this not the reason we are now having controversies over the budget and confirmation of Ibrahim Magu as chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission?
All these things revolve around the philosophy of separation of powers. The legislature has no right to propose appropriation, only the president is empowered to initiate appropriation, and the constitution asks the president to submit estimates to the legislature. What normally happens is that the legislature has a Majority Leader who is in charge of all the business of the legislature, being the leader of the party in power.
Normally, when the appropriation is received, the Majority Leader has the responsibility of preparing the bill on behalf of the executive because once estimates are in the legislature, the executive cannot do anything. So since they are from the same party and it is expected that the appropriation would have been discussed before then, it is the duty of the leader to prepare a bill and present to the larger House whether it is the Senate or the House.
The legislature is supposed to prescribe the way money is spent by the executive, period! But over time, opinions are being formed; some are of the view that the legislature has the power to decrease the amount proposed by the executive but cannot increase, some will say that you can increase but you can also decrease and all this is very, very uncomfortable because the constitution is clear.
The spirit of the Constitution is that both the legislature and executive are working for the people. So, what are the best possible means for them to work together? Because if each of them should insist on its power, nothing will go on. So, the expectation is that before they commence the appropriation process, the executive or the president must call the party, must call the legislature and also, other stakeholders, whether it is on zonal basis or otherwise so that what should be in the budget should be discussed. What are the priorities of the party? What the party promised the people during the campaign.
All of these things should be discussed, and we used to do these things during our caucus meetings from 1999 to 2001. In fact, there was a time a committee was set up headed by former Vice-President Alex Ekwueme to discuss with us on the possibility of having certain projects in the budget; that the legislators wanted to see in the budget and the possibility of deferring some projects for a supplementary budget which would come in September 2001. They came with us, discussed with us and we accepted. Indeed, nobody knew about this until now that I am saying it. This is what we call preventive diplomacy; we do things without anybody knowing because it was not necessary. And there was another time during the caucus meetings because we had conflicts over certain issues but the legislature and the executive were asked to correct the Constitution and each one of the institutions were asked to present to the caucus what they viewed to be their position. We did it, and the president appointed a team under the Attorney General, they did their own, and we did our own, we presented to the caucus, and certain agreements were reached, and I think it was healthy for the system. But today, even interventions, there is nobody to do it.
What were the intrigues that shadowed your re-election quest?
The night before the primary election some of the delegates came and said that the state governor had asked that they should be rounded up and some of them were promised money, machines, and cloth so that they don't vote for me. There was collusion between the president and my governor, and therefore they wanted me to arrange so that they could be taken somewhere. What we did that night was to arrange for them to sleep in Katsina. I was Speaker, and this was happening to me. They slept in Katsina and around 7.00 a.m. they returned to Kano and went straight to the venue. The election was to begin around 11.00 O'Clock, and suddenly we discovered that the state government had abducted the chairperson of the panel sent from Abuja to supervise the primary. They went on to declare that election in my constituency will not take place because there was a security situation which was false.
Around 2.00 p.m. an SSS assistant director based in Kano but from Ogun State came to me and said ‘sir, I have heard what is being arranged against you, and as long as I am in Kano, nobody can do that to you.'
They told me to give them time to go and look for that chairperson, wherever they are, and bring them out. I thanked him, and they left. Around 6.00 p.m. they came back and told me that they had located the guy in the Government House and that I should arrange for women dress for them so that they can go and bring them out!
We got the women dress for him, and they left, and around 8.00 p.m. they came back and told me that they had taken the man out.
As at that time the SSS man advised that the election should not take place until after midnight and the election started by 2.00 a.m. and finished around 4.30 a.m. this tells you the extent to which certain governors could go.
How can we manage the calls for restructuring?
People are calling for restructuring because there is a perception that this system is not working. That there is no justice in the system. We must have a system that is healthy, and unless we have a system that is healthy, this call for restructuring will continue and I personally I am in favour of some of it.
What aspect?
More power should be devolved to the states and this I believe will help the system especially as it pertains to agriculture.
KiwiSaver members can now find out how much their provider is charging them in dollars through a new calculator - more than six months ahead of legislative changes that will require the information to be on annual statements.
Low-cost provider Simplicity has launched the tool which allows savers to plug in their KiwiSaver account balance and find out exactly how much they are being charged and compare it to other providers.
Currently providers only have to give a dollar value for the annual member fee and a percentage amount for how much they charge for managing the funds in annual statements which are typically sent out around April and May.
But there are concerns many KiwiSaver members are unaware of exactly how much they are paying to have their retirement funds invested.
Advertisement
Some providers already give members the full dollar figure, but from next year all will have to do so under a change announced by the government.
Simplicity managing director Sam Stubbs said the calculator was designed to make it easier for people to work out what they were paying.
"Because that is how everybody thinks about how they pay bills - power bills, water, rates - it is the one language everybody understands."
Stubbs said percentage figures made the amount sound low when it could be as much as 20 per cent of the return an investor was getting.
KiwiSaver members have paid out more than a billion dollars in fees to providers since the scheme was launched in 2007.
The dollar amount is growing every year because it is a percentage of the funds invested and balances are growing.
Stubbs said based on the average fee for KiwiSaver being 1.2 per cent the 2.7 million members were collectively paying about $480 million this year to have the $40 billion investment managed.
Stubbs said the calculator showed there were some huge differences in fees with the highest fee for a $30k balance being seven times more than the lowest fee.
"If this was a properly competitive market I don't think there would be a 6.5 to seven times price difference," they said.
Simplicity, which launched last year, has 6000 members and $160m in funds under management.
Jeremy Burge. Photo illustration by Slate. Images by Rachel Lee, Apple, and Facebook.
At its best, the internet is a never-ending cocktail party, to which we each bring our own special libations. (Its worst is some other column's problem.) This is How I Internet, where the web's most interesting personalities share what's in their punch bowl.
This installment's subject: Jeremy Burge, founder and proprietor of Emojipedia, the online emoji reference guide, and vice chair of Unicode's Emoji Subcommittee
Age: 33
Location: London
Hardware: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, iPhone X (“I mostly wanted it for the camera”), Apple Watch
Representative tweet:
From the Emojipedia trends, one might assume the Unicode standard was created for days like this 👶 🤴 🏥 👑 🇬🇧 💂‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/N0zZd2xUnn — Jeremy Burge (@jeremyburge) April 23, 2018
Slate: Do you remember your earliest experience of getting online?
Jeremy Burge: I think I was about 11 or 12. It was that time where the internet was being talked about in the newspaper and on TV. People would be saying, “The internet is here,” or, “It's coming.” My mom took me 'round to a family friend's house to play on their computer, and they sort of said, “Well, what do you want to look up?” I had brought this newspaper article, which had listed some websites you could type in. I think the only one I looked up was called Happy Puppy. I assume it's not around anymore. Let me Google it. Happy Puppy. No. First result is someone saying, “Anyone remembers Happy Puppy?”
It was a couple of years after that that I got the internet at home, and we had it once a week and would dial into the internet and I would talk to my friends in ICQ and send an email or two. In Australia [where Burge grew up], every town had its own internet provider. There weren't really big companies. So my town, a small town of about 5,000 people called Kilmore, it had its own internet provider. It was called Computers on the Run. It had a little logo of a computer with legs.
Actually, I remember that one time we came back from holiday and we got this giant bill for the internet. The police got involved and everything, and everyone was obviously sort of grilling me because I was the main one to use it in the house and I was like, “No. We were on holiday. It definitely wasn't me.” But it turned out someone at the company had hacked into our account. I guess the internet was so expensive at the time that even if you worked at an ISP, you didn't have unlimited internet.
#MyCareerPath
14 👷‍♂️ Building site cleanup kid
15 🏭 Shed factory
16 🍕 Pizza boy
17 👨‍💻 IT apprentice
18 🍽 Waiter
19-20 🌐 Freelance web dev
21-29 🙋‍♂️Consulting and (🙍‍♂️ mostly unsuccessful) web projects
30-34 📙 @Emojipedia — Jeremy Burge (@jeremyburge) April 16, 2018
What was your first handle?
I had one called something like Purple Giant—I think I made it through one of those random name generator sites. I think I hung onto that, and then, I just don't think I cared anymore or something, I just registered for new services with my own name.
I think some of it was also … I made for a little while these … Did you have a Mac back in the day or did you have a Windows PC?
I always had a PC.
Well, there was a thing on the Mac that was like a theming program called Kaleidoscope where you would custom-design themes to make your windows and everything look different on the screen. For that, they encouraged you to use your real name, so they'd say, “Jeremy Burge made this.” They were terrible. I made this theme of stationery where the title bar on your windows was a pencil and the close button was an eraser.
They call them schemes, not themes, but they are sort of themes for your Mac. You could download this shareware program, you'd pay $30 or something to have it. You'd sort of browse other people's designs that they'd come up with and you'd get them and they'd feature one every week. There was a magazine in Japan that decided to feature it, which I thought was a pretty amazing thing as a 14-year-old, having a Japanese magazine get in touch to ask if they could put it on their CD that they'll distribute with the magazine. That was the first taste of publishing anything on the internet.
This just in from my Grandma pic.twitter.com/Hk5Cz2oITy — Jeremy Burge (@jeremyburge) April 20, 2018
You also spent time in forums, right?
This Mac forum that I was part of, I think it still exists, but at the time, it seemed like a big forum. You know how there's always sort of online drama in communities and things? I don't quite remember what happened, but vaguely, there was sort of the general purpose forum, like, the not-tech forum where everyone would just hang out and talk about movies, and that was one of the more popular parts of it. But then people would get grumpy about the new people coming in and ruining it or whatever it was. So someone would set up a spinoff forum to say, “Oh, all the cool people from this one can come over here to this other forum.” And then, some of the people would be there, and then people got grumpy with people there and then there would be a smaller and smaller group until it ended up this forum with about 30 people on it, out of about 20,000 people on this other forum. It just ended up being a smaller group of friends, people that I'm still friends with today
I meet people off Twitter all the time today as well, but it definitely felt different. It felt maybe more, I'd say special. I don't want to be nostalgic about it, but because there was more protection about who you really are behind your screen name, there's often sort of a moment where you talk to someone online for years and not know their name or really even where they live, but you know a lot about them. That was a weird revealing whereas, on things like Twitter, often your real name or your photo or your job is front and center, so you know way more about people before you talk to them.
How did you wind upstarting Emojipedia?
I used to have a website called the Dashboarder. If you've got a Mac today, you know how there's the widget screen? Apple doesn't really promote it much anymore, but for a while there, they were promoting it as this hot new thing that you could put like, the weather and the calculator and they sort of hover over your screen. I thought, “This is gonna be the future of things and we need a site to document them all.” I set up this site called the Dashboarder and it turned into another site called DashboardWidgets.com. I just thought, if this is something that no one is doing, then I should do it.
And emojis felt the same way. I was sort of searching Twitter to see if anyone had got definitive answers about which ones are new and it was just a bunch of … you know when you search something on the internet and you just find often questions instead of answers? They were just sort of shouting into the void and I figured there are hundreds of these things, how is nobody doing something about it? Emojipedia was such an obvious name. I felt bad that if I wasn't gonna set it up, it felt like a wasted opportunity, so why not do it?
One of the reasons I started Emojipedia was to check my sanity when I was sure an emoji was either new, or had changed design. Now @Emojipedia has an archive going back a decade which I find immensely cool pic.twitter.com/4ovF9Y3Ant — Jeremy Burge (@jeremyburge) April 23, 2018
Fuck, Marry, Kill: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter.
Definitely kill Twitter. There's plenty that's great that I get a lot out of it workwise, but people do like to come in and bomb their thoughts at you whenever they feel like it and there's quite a bit of negativity there. Fuck Facebook. You know, you go in there, you see what everyone's been up to, then you get out again. And I think I'd have to marry Instagram because I'm happy seeing that every day. I'm not sad looking at Instagram. There's nothing that's going on on there that makes me think, “Why did I open this now?” It's always good.
On all the social media networks, who would you say is the person that you follow as a guilty pleasure?
I'm trying to think of … I'm sort of opening up my Instagram here trying to think of someone that's a guilty pleasure. I mean … do you have yours? Maybe it'll prompt me. Maybe it'll jog my thoughts.
I follow a lot of celebrities. So, I don't know, like Reese Witherspoon maybe or—
To be fair, I do follow Reese Witherspoon because they commented something about … they @-ed Emojipedia at some stage to say, “Hooray. The cheese emoji's coming” or something. I followed them on Instagram and she's always posting pictures of their dresses and flowers. I quite like what she's getting up to there. And then when you like something on someone's page and then it shows you which other friends of yours have done it first, you go, “Oh, why are all my friends following Reese Witherspoon too?”
Who's the actor that plays the long brown-haired woman in Sex and the City?
Oh, Charlotte. Kristin Davis.
I also follow them on the internet. When they signed up to Twitter a few years ago, when I was still running our Twitter account, Emojipedia was one of the first hundred or so people that they followed on the internet, and I was like, “Oh, that's weird.” You know, we were quite a much smaller account and company at the time. I tweeted at her, you know, “Do you need a hand with anything?” They were just like, “Oh, no. Just sussing out the emojis on my phone. Thought I'd learn some more about it.” So I still follow what she's up to. She's always trying to save the elephants and help refugees, so they seem like quite a nice person.
Cynthia Nixon from Sex and the City is now running for governor of New York. So she's become political. I think Kristin Davis endorsed her, and Sarah Jessica Parker at first did not endorse them and then did endorse them
Oh, I missed all this. You do feel like, well at least I feel like, the tech scene has sort of taken over so many other things as well. I'm definitely not in the same industry as any of these people, but you sort of feel like you are in some ways. I don't know whether it's because you're all on the same social media networks or because tech is media and publishing now, so it feels like there's some kind of overlap. It's a weird world when you sort of feel like, “We're all hanging out, they're very famous people in movies and I'm updating a website, but we could all be mates.”
Oh, on Judge Judy, I'm a big fan of the bailiff, Bailiff Byrd. I feel like if I follow them and like their tweets long enough that eventually they might invite me to sit in the audience for their show, I don't know if that's how it works. Lately on Instagram, he's been posting stories backstage, they try a bit of stand-up. For a while there, I ran a Byrd fan page on the internet, which I ended up feeling was a bit creepy. I like their tics on the show. They don't talk for nearly every episode, but then every now and then they just says something a bit amusing and kind of looks up from their crossword. They say so little that you can document everything they do in a much better way.
Do you have a favorite emoji? Has it changed over time?
For whatever reason, I used to really like the palm tree emoji. It just felt sunny and decorative that you'd sprinkle it around your text messages, it kind of livened it up. If you said to someone, “Good morning,” that's fine, but put some palm trees around it and it felt very tropical. About a year ago, Apple changed it and it looked less happy. It started being a bit more of a droopy palm tree. I stopped using it then; it just didn't convey the same thing. Now I like the rainbow or the ta-da hands.
Are there any emojis you dislike?
I don't really use the poo. I know people think the poo's funny. It just doesn't convey anything helpful to me. I don't know what you're trying to say with the happy pile of poo. Maybe in the right timing, just a single poo could be comedic. I'm not sprinkling my texts with it.
Are you into GIFs?
I love GIFs. I feel like we went through a very quick wave, quicker than emojis, where GIFs came out and everyone overused them and then there was a bit of backlash about how maybe it was a bit trite to put a GIF here or there, but don't know, I love a good GIF in the right spot. It can convey more than an emoji can by itself if you get the right one with the right crowd. I'm a big searcher [of GIFs], I like to do the search. I will scroll for ages, I will keep scrolling down and down.
Are you part of any ongoing group texts?
Some of my group texts are on mute because they're banging on all day and you can't have your phone notifying you every time. I've got different priority group texts.
There's one that I have that's called Mercury Retrograde, and it's a friend of mine who believes that when Mercury goes into some part of the orbit—I don't understand, some time of the year when they claim that bad things happen for three months straight? The point of the group is that we all go along with the premise that we agree that it's very true and whenever we find an article that mentions it, which surprisingly there's quite a number, we'll post it on the group, or if anything bad happens, we'll check in with them to check if we're in Mercury Retrograde. It's more fun getting on board and finding proof that it exists than that it doesn't. It's no fun shutting it down all day; it's more fun finding the examples that could make it true even if personally I do not think that is not how things happen on this planet.
What are the last texts you sent and received?
It's to a friend of mine. I saw on Instagram a photo of a group of people including them and a guy I know they like, and they look quite close in the photo, so I screenshotted it and did a big circle around them and sent the smirking face. I sent that this morning. The response from them says nothing has happened yet.
In the future I may only send emojis with my Bitmoji standing next to them performing the same gesture pic.twitter.com/fZRMg8JSr9 — Jeremy Burge (@jeremyburge) April 9, 2018
Do you own any cryptocurrency?
I do, I bought one bitcoin about four years ago. It was a couple hundred dollars, and then last year when everyone was getting all nuts about it, I sold a half of it. I just figured I didn't want to think about it anymore. Some people would be saying it was going to be worth a million dollars and some people were saying it was going to be worth nothing. I'm not much of a gambler, so I thought if I sell half of it, and this is the highest it ever gets, I don't feel like an idiot, and if it keeps going through the roof and it's suddenly worth $10 million one day, I also don't feel like an idiot that I got rid of the whole lot. I got about $5,000. I think it doubled again not that long after. I think I put it toward a ski trip. The other half will sit there, probably forever, until it's worth nothing or $100 million, I don't see myself doing anything with the other half.
What I learnt about going on holiday without my smartphone
A recent trip to Cayo Santa Maria in Cuba gave me a few lessons in what it's like to switch off completely.
It's hard to think about going on holiday without being able to use the Internet.
As a self-confessed millennial, I have no problem admitting that I check my Instagram at least 20 times a day - and that's at the bare minimum.
I'm not just logging on to post pictures, but also to immerse myself in an endless stream of content curated by friends and the aspirational lifestyle bloggers I follow.
Of course, when I booked my flight to Cuba I couldn't help but picture my holiday in terms of the Instagrammable content I was sure to rack up over the course of 10 days.
From the moment I first googled pictures of Cayo Santa Maria's white sandy beaches, I was instantly impressed.
The tiny island is situated just off Cuba's north central coast and is just 1.6 km wide.
As you can imagine, my brain was already doing a full recce of exactly which places would make the best backdrops for pictures, and with a quick check of timezones - Cuba is 5 hours behind the U.K - I knew exactly when to post them for maximum exposure in shameless '#Holiday #Beach #NoFilter' posts.
Unsurprisingly, I was instantly filled with anxiety upon my arrival when I realised access to the internet in Cuba wasn't going to be as easy as I'd thought.
As a Communist country, every aspect of the Cuba's domestic telecommunications is carefully controlled by the government.
Lack of funding, mostly due to the poor Cuban economy which has yet to recover from the fall of the Soviet Union tied with the U.S. embargo, not only delayed construction of an undersea cable, but also made computers, routers, and other equipment expensive and difficult to obtain for many years.
So, while the rest of the world had moved onto 4G internet with incredible download speeds, Cuba's advancements in the digital age were stifled.
Things are changing and as of May 2018, both locals and tourists have been able to gain access to the internet through ETECSA, a state run service provider by which you can pay by the hour to access the web in WiFi zones.
Despite this huge technological advancement, step anywhere outside a hotel or bar and you're back to square one.
After arriving at Havana airport and realising I hadn't printed out any details of my hotel reservations or spoke a word of Spanish, the reality of being completely disconnected sunk in pretty quickly.
Note to self, keep things old school and print out everything!
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't suffering immediate internet withdrawal within the first few hours of landing, and often found my fingers twitching to reach for my phone - you know, so I could geotag myself in as 'visiting Cuba' on Facebook and make everyone at home miserable over my whereabouts.
I decided to embrace the digital detox shortly after checking into Dhawa hotel in Cayo Santa Maria.
The stunning beachfront hotel stretches over half a mile of white sandy beaches along crystal clear Caribbean waters, and is nestled in between the vibrant neighbouring cities Remedios and Villa Clara.
With two adult swimming pools and a spa, it provided the perfect opportunity for me to switch off and begin my digital rehab.
Having left the hustle and bustle of England, I was now feeling serenity as I indulged in cocktails poolside courtesy of one of the hotel's many all-inclusive bars - there are three in total.
Turns out the spa hotel wasn't just going to be a digital detox but a work one too, as I was forced to train my brain to switch off and relax.
As someone who has their work emails on their phone, I'm guilty of taking a sneaky peak at emails while abroad but with my OOO firmly on and intermittent access to the internet, I was determined to override any urges.
There's something about living in the moment and not doing my sightseeing through a smartphone lens that was extremely liberating - and I couldn't believe I hadn't done it sooner.
For the first time in a long time, I was able to experience what Cuba had to offer with all my senses and not though perfectly filtered images I'd curated - and the ones that didn't make the cut.
Heading out into the nearby Santa Clara I fully immersed myself into everything it had to offer.
As one of Cuba's most historical cities in the world, it played host to the Battle of Santa Clara in 1958 - the victorious final battle in the Gueriila war led by by revolutionist Che Gurevera, which saw Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista fleeing into exile.
Now, the national hero has been immortalised in the form of 30-foot-tall statue at a memorial in the city where their body, along with their 29 combatants were laid to rest.
A strict phone ban inside the room where their body remains, I was able to take the time to reflect and pay my respects.
After spending five days in Cuba's north coast, I set about making my way towards Havana.
The beautiful city is a labyrinth of streets and while this adds to it's charm it can be very confusing when you have zero access to Google Maps.
Luckily, with the help of a local tour operator, Cuba Direct, I was able to do my plan ahead of the trip - which saved hours trawling through the TripAdvisor - but despite the detailed itinerary packed full of activities, navigating Havana's bustling streets wasn't any easier and I soon found myself in a bit of a fluster while running late to salsa lesson at Casa Del Son.
In London, a taxi app would immediately be my go-to when running late, or simply feeling lazy, mainly because it only takes one tap of a button before your driver pops up and takes you to your location.
However, in Havana I was forced to try and communicate with people, ask for directions and actually remember them.
It's surprising how much better you retain information when you're eyes aren't glued your phone.
In fact, by relying on landmarks such as the Capitol building and Plaza Vieja, I was able to gain my bearings, and no matter how many mojitos I'd consumed, by the end of the night I was always able to find my way back to my room at the Iberostar Parque Central.
Sure, I took a few wrong turns but I discovered the beauty of getting lost because it meant I stumbled across the most fabulous places that I wouldn't have otherwise.
The cobbled streets of Old Havana are filled with art and the sound of traditional Cuban music on every corner, so I used my eyes, ears and nose to guide me towards hidden bars with live bands and dimly restaurants serving fresh seafood served alongside traditional dishes as fried rice and beans.
I'll admit, heading out on my own at night was a daunting prospect but I couldn't have been in a safer city to explore on my own.
In comparison to other metropolitan cities around the world, Cuba's crime rate is relatively low with there being virtually no gun crime, violent robberies or organised gang culture.
With barely any 'no go zones' and the locals being so friendly towards tourists, there was so much to gain from the experience and I made it a point to talk to a new person in every bar I visited - something I would never do at home.
I discovered how often I rely own my phone as a source of comfort and reassurance on the rare occasion I find myself on my own in public, and that perhaps all those times I was nervously text my friend 'ETA?' while waiting in a busy bar, was actually the thing preventing me from meeting new people.
Without it, I was forced out of my comfort zone and began to remember the lost art of conversation, how good it felt to make human connections and how our memories are so vivid that a photo will never do them justice.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” they said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” they revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
Google Releases First Developer Preview of Android P
Developers can now take a preview version of Google's Android P mobile operating system for a test drive, but only if they have official Android Emulators or Pixel devices. However, unlike past Android previews for developers, this one will not be supported on Nexus devices.
Released yesterday, the first developer preview of Android P (pictured above) promises a wide assortment of new features: indoor positioning and navigation support via Wi-Fi RTT (round-trip time), support for full-screen content and imaging that works with notched displays, expanded messaging notifications, multi-camera support, and new options for app security.
Expect more details and a beta version of Android P that's available to a wider swath of the public to arrive in May, around the time of the Google I/O developer conference. The general consumer release for Android P -- full name yet to be determined -- is set for the third quarter of this year. The current version of Android, Android Oreo, was released in August.
Support for In-Building Navigation
As an early, developer-only release, the Android P preview is an early baseline build that's likely to be buggy and unfit for daily use. For that reason, Google is making it available to developers via manual download and flash only, rather than by an automated, over-the-air update, vice president of engineering Dave Burke said in a blog post.
"Early feedback from our developer community is crucial in helping us evolve the platform to meet your needs," Burke wrote. "As we get closer to a final product, we'll be inviting consumers to try it out as well, and we'll open up enrollments through Android Beta at that time."
The new Wi-Fi RTT is aimed at eventually enabling users to map and navigate indoor spaces similar to how GPS allows outdoor navigation. Indoor positioning, which can measure distances to multiple indoor Wi-Fi access points (APs), opens new opportunities for location-based services, Burke said.
"Knowing the distance to 3 or more APs, you can calculate the device position with an accuracy of 1 to 2 meters," they said. "With this accuracy, you can build new experiences like in-building navigation; fine-grained location-based services such as disambiguated voice control (e.g., 'Turn on this light'); and location-based information (e.g., 'Are there special offers for this product?')."
Security Updates for Fingerprint ID, Encryption
Android P will also bring several new security enhancements for users. An improved user interface for biometric security, for instance, will allow apps to trigger dialog prompts when actions require fingerprint authentication. The new OS will also change network security configuration defaults to block unencrypted (cleartext) traffic unless a user specifically chooses to opt in to such data.
Another security update will restrict an app's access to sensor data when that app's user ID is idle. "While your app's UID is idle, the mic reports empty audio and sensors stop reporting events," Burke noted. "Cameras used by your app are disconnected and will generate an error if the app tries to use them."
Google will use feedback from developers to continue fine-tuning Android P ahead of a public beta release, according to Burke. The company will have a lot more to share about the new operating system at the I/O developer conference, set for May 8-10 at Google's Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, Calif., they added.
Image credit: Google/Developer and Android; iStock/Artist's concept .
THE DISASTER ARTIST (R)
Starring: Sharon Stone, James Franco, Bryan Cranston, Adam Scott, Kristen Bell, Josh Hutcherson, Lizzy Caplan, Seth Rogan, Zac Efron
Directed by: James Franco
For decades, the consensus was that writer/director/producer Ed Wood's 1959 film, “Plan 9 From Outer Space” was the worst movie ever made. The notoriety was so great, it prompted late-night TV marathons, a special showing in Santa Rosa, and a Hollywood movie about the making of the film starring Johnny Depp as Ed Wood. Then, in 2003, Tommy Wiseau wrote, directed, produced and starred in a feature-length Indie they called “The Room.” The plot involved Tommy, their almost always topless girlfriend, Lisa and their “secret” affair with Tommy's best friend. It almost ends with Tommy's graphic suicide by handgun. The result was “marginal” at best, until it won the 2004 Best Feature Audience Award at the New York International Independent Film Festival. Since then, the movie and its maker have acquired cult status -especially among the students at colleges and universities that offer degrees in filmmaking. Now, James Franco stars and directs a film about “The Room” in which they play Wiseau. Like Depp did with Ed Wood, Franco plays Tommy as a dedicated “artiste” who truly believes they are making a good movie. Since we audiences are much more sophisticated and worldly-wise, we see the humorous aspects of the endeavor, and revel in the disaster that unfolds.
3-and-1/2 pieces of ‘Especially fun for those who make (or wanna make) Indie films' toast
JUST GETTING STARTED (PG-13)
Starring: Tommy Lee Jones, Morgan Freeman, Rene Russo, Jane Seymour, Joe Pantoliano, Glenn Headley, Elizabeth Ashley
Directed by: Ron Shelton (‘Bull Durham')
Despite their checkered past, the high-spirited Duke Diver (Freeman) has held coveted “cock of the walk” position as the manager of partying at the Villa Capri Resort in Palm Springs for years - until a charming former military man (Jones) checks in and stakes their claim to a newly arrived guest named Susie (Russo). This current version of the “aging buddies movie” is populated with an ensemble of familiar faces when Duke's life is threatened by people from their shady past. Will the new military guy, the new lady guest, and the grizzled old-timers band together to protect Duke? But of course. What else would you expect?
3 pieces of ‘These great actors seem to be having a lot of fun' toast
BILL NYE, THE SCIENCE GUY (NR)
Starring: Bill Nye, Francis Collins, Ann Druhan Heather Berlin Neil deGrasse Tyson
Directed by: Jason Sussberg, David Alvarado
In this documentary, we discover that behind their bow-tied brainy image, Bill Nye is - brainy, bow-tied and a tireless advocate for Science (with a capital S). The only surprising thing about this doc is how Nye can debunk climate-change-unbelievers face-to-face, and do so in such a way that their opponents may actually begin to question their own assumptions. Known on TV as a “kids show” personality, Nye has never wanted to be famous, but to the grown-ups who watched them on TV when they were kids, Nye is a superstar. Several fans credit Nye with sparking a love of discovery, while others admit that their careers were launched because of the guy with the bow-tie.
4 pieces of ‘Here's a guy that not only tells it like it is but also provides replicable ways to have nay-sayers test things for themselves' toast
By Kingsley Adegboye
A committee comprising seasoned professionals from the seven built environment professional bodies set up the Building Collapse Prevention Guild, BCPG, to examine and take a position on the recently re-enacted Land Use Charge Law by Lagos State Government, has picked holes in the Law.
The position of the committee headed by the National Financial Secretary of BCPG, and immediate past Chairman of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors and Valuers, NIESV, Lagos State Chapter, Samuel Offiong Ukpong, is that last week's reduction of the tax payable to 50 per cent by the state government has not addressed the issue.
The report of the committee signed by Samuel Ukpong, its chairperson, said the foundation of the assessment which is the crux of the matter has not been addressed by the state government, adding that the major question is, who did those valuations to arrive at those capital values?
The report made available to Vanguard Homes & Property pointed out that the example of N20 million adopted by the government does not show how it was arrived at, where it situates and what constituted commercial or owner occupied, arguing that assuming part of the property is rented as residential or commercial, where do people stand?
The built environment professionals who agreed that the entire exercise is faulty and the government should admit and do a rethink, said the consolidation of the three forms of land taxes into one payment for ease of administration is good, adding however, that the state has about 300 heads of taxes, and this is a huge burden on the citizenry.
Reasoning that the government has not respected their own laws nor complied with the processes, the professionals said professional valuers did not carry out any valuation to determine the Market Values before the issuance of demand notices, insisting that the publication of the rate of relief as enshrined in the law was not done in any national newspaper before the demand notices.
According to them, the Assessment Appeal Tribunal had not been set up before demand notices thereby hampering appeal within the 30 days stipulated by the law, pointing out that the tax formula though a known one, should be based on the annual equivalent and not on capital value.
“There are alternative methods of valuation for tax purposes especially the annual income approach. Taxes should be based on income and not on the capital values derived from market value. There are other forms of property taxes at the disposal of the asset such as capital gain tax, capital transfer tax, withholding tax, consent fees and others.
“The neighbourhood law stipulated that levies should not be higher than ground rent and the intention was affordability. The core professional Ministry, Bureau or Department in the government saddled with land matters/valuation should head the Land Use Charge Administration rather than the Commissioner for Finance,” the professionals said.
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron leave after a joint news conference at the White House on Tuesday in Washington. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Did French President Emmanuel Macron successfully convince President Trump to preserve the Iran nuclear deal? It's impossible to say—but judging by their joint press conference Tuesday, it seems like Macron thinks they did.
Trump repeated their standard litany of attacks on the deal, saying it “should have never been made” but also held open the possibility of “doing something” to improve the agreement known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Referring to the May 12 certification deadline, by which Trump says they will pull the U.S. out of the agreement unless European countries take steps to address what they see as its flaws, Trump said, “nobody knows what I'm going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President”—meaning Macron—“you have a pretty good idea.”
This implies that Trump has made their intentions known to Macron, and that's probably good news for the deal's survival given that Macron seemed optimistic that Tuesday's discussion had led to a “convergence of views.” They went as far as to call this a “new deal with Iran,” adding, “we have a disagreement regarding the JCPOA, but I think we are overcoming it by deciding to work towards a deal, an overall deal.”
It seems unlikely Macron would speak so confidently, and go so far to portray themselves as in sync with Trump on larger Middle East issues, if they had the impression that Trump was hell-bent on blowing the deal up, no matter what. After today's remarks, if the U.S. does pull out of the deal next month, it would be much worse politically for Macron back in France, where Trump is deeply unpopular, and detract from whatever political capital they have left with the Iranians. Of course, this doesn't mean Trump won't still blow up the JCPOA. They have a habit of taking one position in meetings and then quickly reversing it. But they did seem to like what the French president was telling him.
Macron suggested that while preserving the JCPOA and its restrictions on Iranian nuclear activity until 2025, further measures could be taken to address Iran's nuclear activity indefinitely, as well as its ballistic missile program and its wider range of activities in the Middle East.
In another telling moment, Trump answered a question about when U.S. troops would leave Syria and seemed to imply that it was tied to Macron's “new Iran deal.”
“I do want to come home, but I want to come home also with having accomplished what we have to accomplish,” Trump said. “So we are discussing Syria as part of an overall deal. When they made the Iran deal, what they should have done is included Syria.”
Trump also referred twice to the often-heard geopolitical argument that having pro-Iranian regimes in Iraq and Syria gives Tehran an unobstructed pathway to the sea. “Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it to a large extent,” they said. There was also an odd reference later to the importance of maintaining a “strong blockage to the Mediterranean.” Trump was a little fuzzy on how exactly we “control” the Mediterranean or what this blockage would look like, but it sounds as if Macron had convincingly made this point to Trump.
Macron has been pressing Trump to keep U.S. troops in Syria. They even got a little ahead of themselves last week by implying they had been the one to convince the U.S. president to do so, which the White House denied. Macron had said before the meeting that they and Trump would look at the Iran deal “in a wider regional context” including Syria. It seems likely that Macron is trying to get what they want on both issues by tying them together: convincing Trump that the best way to be tough on Iran is not to kill the deal but to double down on the war in Syria.
In another noteworthy comment Trump made while discussing troop levels, they turned to U.S. allies in the region, saying, “The countries that are there, that you all know very well, are immensely wealthy. They're going to have to pay for this. They will pay for it. We've spoken to them. They will pay for it. They will also put soldiers on the ground, which they're not doing.
We will in fact bring lots of people home.”
The implication of this is that they want Sunni Arab states—the “immensely wealthy” countries in question—to send their own troops into Syria, for a war that they now seem to view as an attempt to maintain a “blockage” between Iran and the Mediterranean. This sounds like a recipe for turning the Sunni-Shiite cold war into a hot one very quickly.
So, next month, either Trump will risk setting off an entirely manufactured nuclear weapons crisis with Iran by scuttling the JCPOA, or they could follow Macron's suggestion and stay in the deal while pouring more resources into a strategically dubious mission in Syria and pushing Sunni allies to more directly confront Iran, exacerbating the wider sectarian tensions that the deal was never able to address. Since Trump might have done the latter anyway, Macron deserves some credit for at least trying to preserve the JCPOA, but it's still something of a lose-lose.
Poorest pupils face bigger cuts per head under funding formula
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BLACK INK -- THE PAYOFF FROM PROGRESS
by: Miranda Reiman
There's always something more to do.
After the holidays, things will slow down. Nah, maybe after calving, branding and breeding. But then, summer comes and there's all that hay to make when the sun is shining, fences to build and cedars to eliminate (or insert your own region-specific fair-weather task).
It can be easy to review the mental project list and get discouraged, to feel like you can barely keep up.
The rat race is real, even on the ranch.
Sometimes you have to take a wider view to see the progress you've made. That old shed wears new tin or your grazing system now allows for 20 percent more cows on the same ground.
Beyond just your gate, there are many calling for change. This beef business needs to get more coordinated and better able to address consumer demands. We need to use fewer resources and better document the many improvements we've made.
I bet you've heard, We need to tell our story, a time a two.
Yes, yes and yes. Those are goals worthy of time and energy.
But I'm not going to try to add more to your to-do list at least not today.
Cattlemen and women everywhere have done good work. Darn good. Survey the past few decades and you'll see.
You might even laugh to think of some of the challenges that used to be.
This summer, Robbi Pritchard, South Dakota State University animal scientist, told a meeting room full of cattle feeders that ranch-level improvements have made their jobs easier.
Calving seasons are getting tighter. Calves are healthier, they said. We no longer need [backgrounding] time to get the skeleton to grow, we no longer need time for things to average out like we used to when management wasn't nearly as good. Time solved a lot of problems with cows. With quality-managed cattle today, we don't have to fiddle around with that time. We just have to be able to manage what we have to its best advantage.
You've been listening and making decisions and improvements, and people are noticing.
A quick look at quality grade trends shows the same sort of upward momentum.
In 2006, just 51 percent of the fed cattle graded Choice, and less than 2.5 percent Prime. Fast forward a decade and 2016 totals will close somewhere around the 70 percent and 5.5 percent Prime mark. Along with that, the value spread between yesterday's level of beef quality and today's keeps growing, paying you more premiums.
Consumers have our attention, Pritchard told the crowd. We are doing things about quality assurance. We're doing things about food safety. We're doing things about animal care and well-being.
We still need to address the question of the ideal carcass size and dozens of other challenges, but I'll save them for another day.
Today, I say, thank you for a job well done.
Next time in Black Ink® Steve Suther will preview their 36th calving season. Questions? E-mail mreiman@certifiedangusbeef.com.
Don't forget to BOOKMARK
Cattle Today Online!
At the time of Prince's death, their Paisley Park home and recording compound in Minnesota were strewn with “a sizeable amount” of narcotic painkillers for which they did not have prescriptions, including some hidden in over-the-counter vitamin and aspirin bottles and others issued in the name of a close aide, according to newly released court documents related to the investigation into the accidental opioid overdose that killed the musician last year.
Search warrants and affidavits from the Carver County Sheriff's Office, which is leading the continuing homicide investigation in conjunction with the Drug Enforcement Administration, were unsealed Monday.
The documents do not solve the mystery of where Prince got the powerful opioid fentanyl that killed him. But they sketch a picture of how this musician, a strict proponent of clean living who suffered from chronic hip pain, concealed their opioid addiction using a variety of methods, including mixing various prescription pills in bottles for everyday products like Bayer and Aleve.
In at least one instance, Prince procured an opiate prescription in the name of Kirk Johnson, a personal friend and employee since the 1980s, according to investigators.
Prince was found dead in the elevator of their home in Chanhassen, Minnesota, on April 21st, 2016, by Mr Johnson and others after they ingested the fatal amount of fentanyl, which is often used to manufacture counterfeit pills that are sold on the black market as oxycodone and other pain relievers.
Investigators have said they are most concerned with who obtained the fentanyl, and have yet to charge anyone in Prince's death. They noted in court records that those who were present at the home that morning “provided inconsistent and, at times, contradictory statements.”
The warrants, dating from April to September of last year, show investigators tracking to what extent Johnson had helped Prince conceal their drug habit, at one point applying for a search warrant for Johnson's cellphone records.
Dr Michael T. Schulenberg, who treated Prince for the hip pain in the weeks before their death and arrived at Paisley Park with test results that morning, told investigators that they had prescribed the singer oxycodone on April 14th, a week before the fatal overdose, “but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy,” according to a search warrant.
That prescription was filled on the same day that Prince's private jet was forced to make an emergency landing in Illinois after the singer overdosed during a flight home after a concert in Atlanta. Mr Johnson told hospital staff at the time that Prince “may have taken Percocet,” an opioid, containing oxycodone on the plane, according to one application for a search warrant.
In a statement, Schulenberg's lawyer, Amy S. Conners, took issue with the assertion that their client had acknowledged prescribing oxycodone for Mr Johnson that was actually intended for Prince. “Dr Schulenberg never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did they ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince,” the statement said.
Ms Conners has said that the physician has not been interviewed by investigators since the day Prince died. Dr Schulenberg has not been the subject of any disciplinary action, according to the records of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice. Ruth Martinez, the board's executive director, said Minnesota state law “says you have to write a prescription for the person for whom it is intended. That's reinforced by federal statutes.” They said the board does not comment on whether a doctor's conduct is being reviewed.
In several instances, Mr Johnson, who had unrestricted access to Paisley Park, told the investigators that they had limited knowledge of Prince's dependence on painkillers. On the day before the singer's death, Mr Johnson said they went to a local Walgreens to pick up three prescriptions issued by Schulenberg for drugs often used to treat anxiety; according to the court papers, they said it “was the first time they had ever done something like that for Prince.”
Among the additional evidence found at Paisley Park was a suitcase with a name tag for “Peter Bravestrong, ” an alias used by Prince, containing several prescription bottles in Mr Johnson's name. (The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song ‘U Got the Look,' apparently in Prince's handwriting, according to investigators.) In addition to Prince's bedroom, pills were found throughout the residence, including in the laundry room, the police said.
A lawyer for Mr Johnson, F. Clayton Tyler, said in a statement: “After reviewing the search warrants and affidavits released today, we believe that it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death. There will be no further comment.”
The Associated Press has reported that Mr Johnson has not been interviewed since hours after Prince's death. In a recent interview with CBS, including a tour of the Paisley Park compound, Mr Johnson was asked about Prince's final days. “Kirk has a vault,” they said. “Right here. It's never gonna be unlocked.”
Among the drugs seized were 20 1/2 white pills labelled “Watson 853,” a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone, that were found in an Aleve bottle. Investigators later found that the pills contained fentanyl, according to published reports, but they have not given any indication as to whether those pills are tied to Prince's death. Notes from investigators say that 64 1/4 matching Watson 853 pills were also found in a Bayer bottle, and another 15 were discovered in a second-floor dressing room.
Some overdoses, officials say, are attributable to the fact that people take what they believe is a pain pill of a strength they are familiar with and die because they are unaware it has been produced with a much stronger drug, like fentanyl.
Others who spoke to investigators included Andrew Kornfeld, the son of Dr Howard Kornfeld, an opioid-addiction specialist who had been called on to treat Prince. Andrew Kornfeld arrived at Paisley Park after Prince had died with a small dose of the drug Suboxone, an anti-addiction agent and controlled substance.  They are the person who called 911.
Andrew Kornfeld, who is not a doctor, told investigators that they had not planned on administering the drug until they had consulted with a physician authorized to prescribe it. Their lawyer, William Mauzy, said they believe Andrew is exempt from criminal liability as a result of Minnesota's Good Samaritan law, which protects a 911 caller and the overdose victim from prosecution for drug possession.
“The investigation remains active at this point,” said Jason Kamerud, chief deputy for the Carver County Sheriff's Office. “We've gained a lot of progress over the last year, but there still is some more work to be done,” they said.
New York Times
My husband was away for the night and I was semi-planning fish and chips for dinner.
Then the kids had a fight. Our boy, 2, threw their older sister's toy down the stairs. They hit him. They screamed.
"That's IT. You kids are NOT getting chips for dinner!"
Yeah, I'd said it out loud. Idiot.
Advertisement
"We are! We want it!"
"Too bad! I warned you and you're still fighting. No chips!"
Why did I do that? Tonight of all nights? Now I'm going to either have to eat muesli or make the last My Food Bag dinner.
We choose the Gourmet version, not the family one, so the kids usually won't eat it because it's a bit fancy and not usually ready until well after they need to eat. It's also more fiddly.
As my boy ate plain rice (his request) and their four-year-old sister ate chicken pasta bake for the third night in a row, I mourned the loss of hot chips and began my overly complicated meal for one.
I put the kids in the shower to buy some time and returned to the kitchen to peel some veges and put them in the oven.
I hear screaming and run to the bathroom. "What? What's happened?"
"He has three toys and I need three toys!"
"So you need one more toy?"
"No, I need two toys." Sigh.
I run to get two toys and run back to the shower.
"I meant the Paw Patrol toys." Is there anything I do that pleases you? Seriously.
"These will have to do, I have to go back to the kitchen."
Great. The pot of boiling water is not boiling because I didn't ignite the gas.
More screaming. Back to the shower, more dispute resolution. Back to the kitchen. Repeat.
I concede defeat and pour the last glass of red wine from a bottle, desperately dangling the vessel for every last drop.
This shower is causing global warming.
I read the recipe for the 60th time.
My boy appears soaking wet so I sort them out.
The oven beeps. Whose stupid idea was this?
It's like an elimination episode of My Kitchen Rules. But my kitchen does not rule. This wine does though! God bless the Barossa Valley.
I am juggling: a hot pot of thickening sauce, salmon yet to be fried, quinoa that needs to steam for a bit which I burn my finger on and roast veges that need one more lot added.
And two toddlers.
My girl screams as if they have been set on fire.
"Hey! Stop making the dinner! My hair is wet! My hair is wet!"
Why did I share this wine with my husband last night?
I turn the TV on to cartoons and rush to dry them hair.
Back to the kitchen. Check recipe AGAIN.
An entire pot of sauce was just for a vinaigrette. One vegetable was just for serving.
Desperate mums don't need dressings or anything "for serving"! We don't do anything for appearance anymore. Those luxuries were lost a long time ago.
I drop a vege on the floor and put it on my plate anyway. Hygiene also departed some time back.
I glance at the kids: TV zombies.
Maybe they should do a My Food Bag called Parents Who Like To Eat Better Than Their Kids But Can't Really Be Arsed.
God, this wine is good.
I'll be doing dishes until midnight but at least I got to eat.
HOLLYWOOD, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - bBooth, Inc. ( OTCQB : BBTH), the Hollywood-based digital technology company, is pleased to announce that leading technology magazine, CIOReview, has selected bBooth CEO, Rory J. Cutaia, as its CEO of the Month.
CIOReview is the leading tech magazine dedicated to enterprise technology solutions, focused on current trends and redefining future enterprise technology goals. Every month, CIOReview awards the "CEO of the Month" title to the CEO of an emerging player in the technology landscape who has demonstrated superior leadership skills.
Rory J. Cutaia, bBooth's CEO, Founder, and Chairman explains in their article for CIOReview "The Art of the Pivot - How One CEO Navigated the Uncharted Road to Reset," how they managed to turn bBooth from a flagging talent discovery business into a revolutionary interactive video technology company for enterprise CRM, lead gen, and brand activations.
"We are delighted to feature Rory Cutaia as CEO of the Month," said Jeevan George, Managing Editor of CIOReview. "His fearless approach to the difficult decision to 'pivot,' faced by many executives in start-ups as well as those in more mature businesses, is quite instructive and noteworthy."
"I am truly honored to be selected as CEO of the Month by CIOReview Magazine," states Mr. Cutaia. "There are some things they just don't teach you in business school. Knowing how, when, and why to execute a pivot is one of the most difficult decisions an executive must face, and unfortunately, there is no playbook. I hope other executives can derive some benefit from my experience," continues Mr. Cutaia.
For the full article click here.
About bBooth:
bBooth, Inc. ( OTCQB : BBTH) is a Hollywood-based digital tech company. We develop and license cloud-based, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), sales lead generation, and social engagement software on mobile and desktop platforms for sales-based organizations, consumer brands, and artists seeking greater levels of engagement and higher conversion rates. Our software platform can accommodate a one-off campaign or a single direct sales representative, yet is enterprise-class scalable to meet the needs of today's global organizations. Our service is built around our proprietary 'Video-First' bNotifi technology, which places interactive video front and center in all customer and prospect communications. We've re-invented what a CRM, lead-gen tool should be in today's video-centric social environment.
For more information on bBooth, visit bBooth.com.
About CIOReview:
CIOReview is a technology magazine that talks about the enterprise solutions that can redefine the business goals of enterprises tomorrow. It is the leading source that shares innovative enterprise solutions developed by established solutions providers, upcoming hot enterprises and is a neutral source for technology decision makers.
For more information on CIOReview, visit: cioreview.com.
Forward-looking & Safe Harbor Statement: Certain statements in this release may contain forward- looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and those statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules. All statements, other than statements of fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the Company, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are further qualified by other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
For more Information, please visit: bBooth.com
The City Council set the final pieces of the 2017-2018 budget Tuesday, amending city code to include the 2.2 percent utility rate increase and approving a contract with the Lawton Fort Sill Chamber of Commerce to govern expenditures of hotel-motel tax revenue.
It was in their capacity as the Lawton Water Authority that council members approved the 2.2 percent increase that will go into effect July 1. Council members agreed to the concept while they were finalizing the budget that will go into effect for the fiscal year that begins July 1, but approved the resolution Tuesday formally setting into city code the increase that is estimated to add $1 to the monthly utility bill of base level users (those who use 2,000 gallons of water a month) and $1.44 a month to the average residential water customer (those who use 6,000 gallons a month).
There was no discussion of the proposal, which passed the Lawton Water Authority by a 6-2 vote. Ward 3 Councilman Caleb Davis and Ward 5 Councilman Dwight Tanner, who both have opposed the utility rate increase, voted no. During the council meeting, where members were asked to reaffirm the water authority's vote, the measure passed on a 5-3 vote, with Ward 6 Councilwoman Cherry Phillips also voting no.
During the council meeting, one resident objected to the rate increase, offering a proposal that they said could save the city $550,000 in its General Fund by taking the $550,000 allocated to Museum of the Great Plains from the hotel-motel tax. They said that additional $550,000 would alleviate the need for the utility rate increase, which city administrators have estimated will generate $736,000 in the next fiscal year.
During budget discussions, Tanner and Davis said the city could find other ways to reconcile what city staff estimated was a $95,000 shortfall that would result without having the additional revenue generated by a rate increase. But, supporters said that the revenue was necessary to support services and activities in the new fiscal year and would actually allow some funding categories, including maintenance and repairs, to be increased.
The rate increases will go into effect for the billing cycles that begin July 1, and will affect residential, commercial, industrial and out-of-town water customers.
But, council members also unanimously approved a proposal that will lessen the impact on elderly residents and those with disabilities.
The decision affects the income limits on the reductions that are given for utility rates: a $14.23 discount on water, sewer and refuse rates and the waiver of another $19.10 in special fees. That discount now is limited to qualified residents who make $25,000 a year or less, but council action Tuesday increases the ceiling to $28,000, which Ward 8 Councilman Doug Wells said is the threshold for low-income.
Officials said the city now has 787 customers who qualify for the discounts, which saves those customers $245,000 a year in utility fees. Increasing that annual income threshold to $28,000 is expected to cost the city another $72,000 a year, City Manager Jerry Ihler said.
Council action came with an emergency clause, meaning the new income threshold goes into effect today. To qualify for the reduction in utility rates, an individual head of household must be age 65 or older or disabled, with an annual income of $28,000. The ordinance specifies that to meet the disabled designation, a resident must provide documentation providing the disability, which must be reaffirmed annually to continue the discount.
The council also approved its annual agreement with the chamber of commerce, setting the criteria the chamber must meet in order to receive 70 percent of the $1.3 million in hotel-motel tax revenue that is expected in the 2017-2018 fiscal year.
The 5.5 percent tax is charged on the rental of hotel and motel rooms in Lawton, and the ballot and ordinance governing the tax requires that it be spent on activities that encourage, promote and foster tourism, economic development and industrial development.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — Kenya's president says their government will spare no effort to recover all of the millions of dollars lost to a corruption scandal as diplomats representing 18 Western countries including the United States urge strong action against graft.
President Uhuru Kenyatta says "there will be no mercy for the thieves."
Kenyatta spoke a day after 24 officials were charged with corruption-related offenses in a probe linked to the alleged diversion of nearly $80 million.
The president, who won a second term last year, has been criticized for not acting against corrupt officials despite numerous vows to crack down.
Advertisement
In a statement, the diplomats urge strong political leadership and zero tolerance of corruption.
Kenya is ranked 143th out of 180 states by Transparency International
Poor Maintenance Contributed To Storm Doris Death
An inquest has found a lack of maintenance contributed to the death of a woman hit by a piece of timber in Wolverhampton during Storm Doris.
Jurors were told the section of a water tank cover, similar in size to a dining table, hit Tahnie Martin after falling from the roof of a six-storey building during Storm Doris last February.
Following a five-day inquest into the 29-year-old university worker's death in Wolverhampton city centre, a narrative verdict was returned.
The jury of three men and seven women found on Friday: "Tahnie Martin was struck by half of a large wooden panel which had broken away from a disused water tank on the roof of the Black Rock building.
"The large, heavy panel which struck Ms Martin became detached from the plant room roof of the building due to strong winds, caused by Storm Doris.
"It became detached due to the absence of maintenance which had resulted in bad rot, corroded and defective fixtures."
In evidence, the inquest heard the panel was blown around "like a piece of paper" for up for 20 seconds, an inquest has heard.
Ms Martin had been walking with Wolverhampton University's head of marketing, Raman Sarpal, who was also knocked to the ground and treated for a leg injury.
Ms Sarpal had described their colleague as a "fab girl" and a good worker.
The pair had been chatting about how windy it was when they were knocked to the ground.
When they next looked across at Ms Martin, Ms Sarpal could see their friend being given CPR.
Ms Martin, from Stafford, who was engaged to be married, was pronounced dead near Wolverhampton's Mander Centre shopping centre after suffering head injuries.
Emma Whitting, assistant coroner for the Black Country, was told part of the cover, which a witness had described in court as looking rotten, landed in Dudley Street, while a smaller section did not reach ground level.
After the verdict, Ms Whitting told Ms Martin's family attending the hearing: "To you this must seem a senseless death.
"Tahnie was just embarking on a new, exciting phase of their life, with a job they loved and a marriage planned.
"It was all so suddenly and so cruelly taken away from them by a piece of rotten timber, making its way on to an ordinary shopping street."
The coroner is now sending a prevention of future deaths report to the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, to address the apparent lack of requirement for surveyors to indicate building areas which have not been accessed as part of a survey.
Following the inquest, in a statement issued on behalf of the family, solicitor Deborah Robinson said it had been "a difficult process" but gave their thanks to those involved in the investigation into Ms Martin's death.
Meanwhile, a separate health and safety investigation by Wolverhampton City Council is continuing.
Afterwards, Richard Phillips, a city council solicitor, said: "We are working closely with the family and keeping them informed of our investigation.
"Our role is to determine whether there has been any breach of health and safety legislation and our investigation continues."
Speaking afterwards, Katharine Clough, Wolverhampton University's external relations director, said: "We were all really shocked and upset by Tahnie's death.
"We feel privileged and honoured to have worked alongside them They were one of our shining stars, a talented and creative marketing professional with an enthusiasm and smile which were infectious.
"Tahnie was extremely popular with their colleagues and is hugely missed. There is not a day goes by when we don't think about them
"Our thoughts are particularly with Shaun, Tahnie's fiance, their mum and dad and their close friends. This will have been an extremely difficult time for them.
"We will remember Tahnie as the warm, effervescent, fun soul they are."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie has arrived on Capitol Hill, where they are talking to House Democrats about their time with the data mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether Trump's campaign was involved.  They are talking to Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday and Democrats on the House intelligence committee Wednesday.
The GOP-led House intelligence panel shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, saying they don't see any evidence of collusion or coordination.
Wylie sparked a global debate over electronic privacy in March when they were part of an effort to reveal that Cambridge Analytica had gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Teen speak changes so quickly that it can be hard for parents - and even older siblings and friends - to keep up, according to a recent study conducted by BT.
In an online poll taken by over 4,500 adults, 85% were unable to translate the real meaning of phrases such as MIA, KMS and the cryptic "99".
"Children's use of the internet is developing at a rapid pace. While it is unrealistic to expect parents to understand every piece of internet slang their children will ever see, online safety starts with a conversation," said Carolyn Bunting, general manager at Internet Matters.
(Photo: PA)
"It's vital for parents to talk to their kids about their digital worlds, including the sorts of things they might experience online, and the types of issues to be aware of, from cyberbullying to privacy."
The online poll was organised by BT to mark Safer Internet Day 2017 , an annual initiative organised by the UK Safer Internet Centre, which this year is taking place on Tuesday 7 February.
Supported by industry players such as BT, the day is designed to highlight issues faced by kids in the digital age, raise awareness and encourage parents to have open and honest conversations with their children about internet safety.
"For young people growing up with technology, this new language comes naturally, but it's leaving some adults unsure about what is being said by their children online," said BT's Pete Oliver.
"As we mark Safer Internet Day 2017, we think it's important for adults to speak to young people about how they use social media and chat online. "
Want to put your knowledge to the test? Take the quiz for yourself here:
There are various tractor tires for sale varieties that you might locate. Now your job will be to discover the top ones out of all those that would suit you in most effective achievable manner. You could get a superb guide for as to which 1 you should obtain by going to any authorized tractor tires showrooms or the providers. There you will discover professionally educated personals; who is going to be eager to assist you out in deciding upon the right tires. They may also guide you by offering with choice of some utilized tires too which have specifically exactly the same qualities that you simply want and they might be bought at much affordable price tag also. Get more information about Jual Ban Loader
Sorts of Tires:
Whenever you visit these showrooms or firms you'll want to tell them well that what you would like to do by means of your tractor so that the individual there might assist you to in the best way. Telling all this would assistance them to guide you for the proper tires that you would need to have. Commonly it is actually preferred to get large tires as front tires plays the most key part in whatever function a tractor performs. In truth for those who have contemporary tractor with you of any new model you might than get all tires of same size. Inform all about your tractor to get the best guidance from expert.
Getting Used Tires:
You might get applied tires too if you have a limited variety for spending more than your tractor tires. But when you find yourself presented with any of these made use of tractor tires for sale; you could rely on more than seller as they will not be providing you unsafe tires but nonetheless you should be vigilant sufficient. You would want to verify yourself for cuts or other weaknesses that may appear if you never would like to face loss.
There's another choice that you may use that is obtaining tractor tires for sale on the internet.
Buying Tractor Wheels On the internet:
If this can be not your very first encounter and you are properly aware as to what type of tires in what size you wish than you'll be able to go for getting them from on-line retailers. Nicely you could possibly strike a deal on-line even if you do a little analysis about tires online or by having information and facts from shops within your region. Moreover neglect regarding the misconception which you will discover highly-priced tractor tires for sale more than world wide web as when compared with normal shops. Actually you may find some exclusive offers with excellent discounts over online shops.
So now you happen to be properly conscious of unique possibilities obtainable with tractor wheels for sale. Opt for probably the most proper 1 that suits you best in all regards.
Microsoft has developed an adaptive control for the Xbox One and Windows games, giving games fans with different mobility needs a programmable controller for gaming. It has large programmable buttons, and it connects to external switches, buttons, mounts and joysticks – whatever your prefered set-up is. Three profiles can be set up on each controller, so you don't have to reset it for each game, and these profiles can be switched between quickly and easily. The Xbox Adaptive Controller will go on sale later this year. It has a $99 price tag in the United States; that suggests a euro price of about €100.
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Robinson could be handed the Birmingham City manager's role on a caretaker basis after Gianfranco Zola's resignation.
After the 2-0 defeat at home to Burton, Blues' cushion on the bottom three has been reduced to just three points.
And with three games of the season remaining, the Birmingham Mail can exclusively reveal that Blues could look to the club captain to steer the ship on a temporary basis as the clubs aims to fight off relegation to League One.
What are the pros and cons of Robinson potentially taking the post?
Here's a rundown.
Pros
They have the respect of the players
As an experienced member of the squad, Robinson already has the respect of their fellow players.
An accomplished professional, the defender is regarded as a valuable member of the Blues setup, both as a player and as a person off the pitch.
That they are already held in high regard by the playing staff works in their favour with only thee fixtures remaining and a quick turnaround required.
Robbo is a popular character
 They are immensely popular in the dressing room, and that already-existing bond with teammates means that Robinson could easily slip into a managerial role.
Being well-liked around the club is a significant feather in their cap as Blues embark on the process on appointing a new boss.
Coaching experience at Blues
Robinson already has some experience of coaching at Birmingham City.
They have been given the opportunity to spend time with some of the club's younger players as they prepare for their future in the game.
Robinson knows the setup, they know the training ground, and knows what it takes to be a coach at the club.
Driven personality
If you asked fans to sum up Robinson in one word - 'determined', 'driven', and 'resolute' would definitely feature in the responses.
 They are a steadfast and ambitious character who is always eager to succeed.
Short-term deal
Robinson would become the boss in a caretaker role, taking charge of the final games of the season in an attempt to guide Blues to safety.
A short-term deal would then allow a manager to be appointed as part of a longer-term project if needed.
Cons
First job
This would be Robinson's first appointment as a manager.
Although that doesn't mean they are destined to fail, Blues can't afford to get their next choice wrong as the consequences could prove disastrous.
A boss who has stepped into this situation before could be preferential.
The task at hand
Make no doubt about it - this is an extremely difficult set of circumstances in which to become Blues manager.
That could be said for even the most experienced of bosses, but it represents an even tougher gig for a first-timer.
Simply put, Birmingham have three matches in which to save their status as a second-tier club.
A risky choice
After Blues' decision to sack Gary Rowett and replace them with Zola has turned out to be a failure, they must make a better choice this time around.
With the club's status as a Championship team hanging in the balance, it is vitally important to opt for the right man.
And that could mean a more tried-and-tested choice who doesn't represent quite as big a risk as Robinson.
Project
With Blues set to install a new boss as soon as possible, handing a short-team deal to Robinson in the meantime could hinder their prospects of attracting the best possible talent.
An interested party may well want to take charge immediately.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby taxi driver was knocked unconscious for 15 hours after being punched, kicked and stamped in the head in an argument over the number of people in their car.
Dad Mohmood Akhtar has been warned by doctors not to drive for around a year as the brutal attack could have left them with a blood clot.
The 54-year-old self-employed private hire driver was on the third job of their shift at 6pm on Saturday, January 27, when they picked up a fare which they thought was for four people - but turned out to be five.
It was not until they started driving the group around Normanton that they spotted four people in the back of their taxi and brought the journey to an end and asked them to get out.
Mr Akhtar, who has been a taxi driver for five years, said: "It was just getting dark and there were a lot of people outside when they were getting into the car so I did not spot that there were more of them.
"When I realised there were four people in the back, I stopped the car and told them I could only have three people in the back. I said I could get in a lot of trouble for having you there. They offered me more money but I refused and said it's against the law.
"They then all got out but left my car doors open. I asked them politely to close them because I had done nothing wrong. There were cars behind me sounding their hooters and getting annoyed. I then went outside and closed the first door, when I went to close the second somebody struck me and I just remember falling.
"That was at about 6pm on the evening and I did not regain consciousness until after 9am the next morning. I woke up to see my family stood there and I asked them what had happened. I cannot remember a thing about the attack.
"I have been told I was punched, kicked and stamped on. It's thought they had knuckle dusters on and jewellery. I could not believe I was out of it for 15 hours. My family were terrified. I feel very lucky to be alive."
Mr Akhtar said the attack has left them feeling "traumatised" and "scarred for life".
They were kept in the Royal Derby Hospital for three days and will have to go back for regular monitoring. They added: "I have a broken nose, bruising everywhere and they gave me stitches all over my mouth and nose. I was attacked in my head and body and I'm still in a lot of pain. I was left totally dazed by it all.
"I still cannot believe it's happened. It's a miracle I'm alive."
Mr Akhtar said they are now worried about how they will make an income. They added: "Driving is my livelyhood. I have a family to provide for and it's been snatched away from me for a long time. It'll be ages until I'm back on my feet and able to drive again.
"They don't yet know how much damage this has done to my brain. I don't know how I will feed for my family. I'm a decent, hard-working man and I don't deserve this to happen to me.
"Having this taken away means everything has gone. I have lost my confidence and my income."
The incident was witnessed by a number of people who phoned for the police and paramedics who were quick to arrive at the scene.
Mr Akhtar added: "I'm lucky this happened at 6pm when people were about. Had it been later then I'm convinced I would be dead now. Nobody would have been there. I want to thank everybody that helped, the paramedics and the police. I'm so pleased."
A spokesperson for Derbyshire police said a 45-year-old Derby man had been arrested in connection with the incident and had been released while under investigation.
A spokesperson said anybody with information or anybody who witnessed the incident should call on 101.
William Joseph Morris, Jr., 75, of Tappahannock, passed away on June 29, 2018. They were the son of the late William and Rosemary Morris and was preceded in death by their brother, Micheal Dean Morris. They proudly served their country in the U.S. Navy and retired with 22 years of honorable service on many nuclear submarines. They were a member of the Knights of Pythias and belonged to the Moose Lodge and VFW.
Bill is survived by their wife, Diane Morris; children, Cynthia Moreira (Carlos), William Morris III (Michelle), and Bridgett Mueller (David); grandchildren, Cameron, Felisia, Mason, Samantha, Abigail, Jude, Andrew, Michael, and Julia; great-grandchildren, Laila, Owen, and Aiden; sisters, Mollie and Jeanne and many nieces, nephews, other family members, and friends.
A memorial gathering will be held on Friday, July 6, 2018 from 6-8pm at Nelsen Funeral Home & Crematory – Reid Chapel, 412 S. Washington Highway, Ashland, VA 23005. Interment will be held in Arlington National Cemetery at a later date.
Online condolences may be registered at www.nelsenashland.com. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the MCV Foundation or Knights of Pythias in Bill's honor.
BERKELEY, Calif. (AP) Grant Mullins scored a career-high 20 points to lead four players in double figures and California pulled away late in the second half to beat Arizona State 81-65 on Sunday night.
Ivan Rabb had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists for their sixth double-double of the season despite being in foul trouble. Jabari Bird added 16 points and Sam Singer scored 10 to help the Golden Bears (10-4, 1-1 Pac-12) snap a two-game losing streak.
Rabb was on the bench with their fourth foul when California made its game-changing run.
The Bears trailed 61-60 before Singer's free throw tied it with 5:45 left. Bird followed with a one-handed dunk and Kingsley Okoroh added their own emphatic dunk and California made its final eight shots while outscoring Arizona State 21-4 down the stretch.
Obinna Oleka had 18 points and five rebounds while Tra Holder scored 14 points for the Sun Devils (8-7, 1-1).
Arizona State was attempting to go 2-0 in conference for only the fifth time in program history but struggled to score in the second half and was held 18 points below its season average of 83.5.
California, coming off consecutive losses to No. 12 Virginia last week and No. 18 Arizona on Friday, made 11 3-pointers – one shy of its season high while holding the Sun Devils to 7-of-24 beyond the arc.
The Bears made only eight combined 3s in their previous two games but had seven in the first half against the Sun Devils. Rabb and Mullins had two apiece while Charlie Moore's 3-pointer helped California take a 38-37 halftime lead.
Rabb notched their double-double before halftime with 16 points and 10 rebounds. They were limited to 12 minutes after the break with foul trouble, however.
Mullins, whose previous season high was 17 against UC Davis on Dec. 10, 2016, picked up the scoring slack along with Bird. Bird had nine of their points during the decisive run, including the final four to help California win for just the third time in the last eight games against Arizona State.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State: Coach Bobby Hurley's squad wasn't as efficient on offense as it had been, shooting 40 percent overall and only 29.2 percent on 3s. The Sun Devils had three one-and-one opportunities during a 15-second span midway through the second half but were held to just one field goal over the final 9:44.
California: Rabb set the tone early before fouls slowed them up and showed some range with their jumper they hadn't previously exhibited. Their two 3-pointers are a career-high after they had previously only attempted two 3s all season and just four for their career.
UP NEXT
Arizona State: Returns home to host Colorado on Thursday night.
California: The Bears go on the road for the first time since early December and play at UCLA on Thursday.
Each year, Forbes Magazine publishes a list of the Top 50 largest firms both by assets (Giants) and the fastest growing firms with less than $500 million in assets (Emerging).
This year, the firms' assets climbed to record levels due to new clients and advisors as well as a gradual market recovery.
Pensionmark Retirement Group was named among the honorees under the RIA Giants list.
Pensionmark's managing director of wealth management at the Santa Barbara corporate office, Mallory Van Leeuwen, assists the Pensionmark network of advisors in offering individual guidance to employees.
“As a firm that has consistently been acknowledged as a premier retirement plan advisory firm, it is a great honor to be recognized for the services we provide to individual investors,” Van Leeuwen said. “We have spent decades building systems to help individual investors manage their financial strategy.”
— Kristine Miller is a communications and public relations manager for Pensionmark Retirement Group.
The City of Santa Barbara Public Works Department will close portions of the State Street and La Cumbre Road intersection beginning Thursday morning to repair a collapsed sewer main line.
The repair work is expected to continue through Friday and will be conducted from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m.
One lane of traffic will be open in each direction; however, traffic delays are being expected. Motorists are advised to use alternate routes.
The city appreciates your patience while we make repairs to the city's sanitary sewer system that allows us to continue to provide reliable wastewater disposal service for our customers.
For questions about the project, please contact supervising civil engineer Amanda Flesse at 805.564.5424 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Amanda Flesse is a project engineer for the City of Santa Barbara.
BRUSSELS (AP) " The European Commission is investigating whether Nike, Universal Studios and Japan's Sanrio are preventing traders from selling products across EU borders and online.
EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said Wednesday the probe would "examine whether the licensing and distribution practices of these three companies may be denying consumers access to wider choice and better deals."
Sports giant Nike, film-maker Universal and Sanrio, owner of Hello Kitty, license rights to some major world brands. They control the use of images or text applied to merchandise like clothes, shoes, bags or toys to make them more attractive, often to children.
The Commission says it wants to find out whether they breached EU competition rules by restricting traders from selling licensed merchandise cross-border and online.
Advertisement
The three could face fines if found guilty.
Plans for a new 777-room hotel and casino for downtown Las Vegas have been submitted to the city for review.
The documents show plans to construct a nearly 460-foot (140-meter) hotel tower over Fremont Street with nearly 118,000 square feet (11,000 square meters) of casino space.
Downtown Las Vegas developer Derek Stevens is listed in the documents as the owner and CEO of the project.
The project is planned for the former site of the Las Vegas Club and Mermaids casinos and Glitter Gulch strip club, which were demolished last year. The project plans also include a parking garage.
The Las Vegas Planning Commission is scheduled to review the plans and permit requests Tuesday. The project is expected to go before the city council in June.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — For Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez, a passionate, liberal Democrat of Puerto Rican descent, there is no more important issue in the year-end budget showdown than protecting from deportation hundreds of thousands of immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children — and who have only known America as their home.
The fate of these "Dreamers," as they are commonly known, is one of the trickiest issues to resolve as the White House and Congress seek to avert a Christmas government shutdown that nobody says they want. House Democrats, and their leader, Nancy Pelosi, insist that the Dreamers be dealt with as part of a broader package that combines unfinished legislative business, including military spending, disaster aid and low-cost health care for children.
"You want a bipartisan budget and you want my vote? Then make it an American budget, one that includes a pathway to freedom for our Dreamers," Gutierrez said. "It's the right thing to do."
Top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer cares about Dreamers, too, but they aren't playing hardball over immigration. At the top of their list of political concerns are the re-election bids next year of 10 Senate Democrats running in states that President Donald Trump won in 2016. Many of them want nothing to do with shutting down the government over immigration.
Advertisement
"I understand the passion on that. I'm not in favor of voting to shut down the government," said Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, where Trump won almost 70 percent of the vote. "There are a lot of things I feel passionate about. But I'm not going to make 300 million people suffer because I can't get the process working the way it should."
House and Senate Democrats stand divided as leaders look to wrap up a sweeping spending deal by Dec. 22 and avoid a debilitating shutdown.
At issue is Trump's decision to rescind Barack Obama's executive order creating the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which gave protected status to about 800,000 young immigrants in the country illegally. In scrapping the DACA order, Trump gave Congress until March to come up with a legislative solution.
In September, the president told Pelosi and Schumer they would support the DREAM Act — Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors — which offers childhood immigrants a pathway to citizenship, as part of a broader immigration agreement.
But this fall, progress stalled. That led liberals such as Gutierrez to pressure leadership to use Democratic leverage — their votes are needed to pass legislation such as the budget or next year's increase in the government borrowing — to ensure that Trump lives up to their promise.
Republicans want to separate immigration from the year-end agenda, in part to avoid the appearance of getting muscled by Democrats like Pelosi and in part to try to get a better deal.
"We are certainly willing to enter into those good-faith negotiations, but they do not belong in an end-of-the-year spending appropriations debate," said Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate. "We do want to resolve this, but it's not going to be before the end of this year."
For their part, Pelosi won't commit to helping Republicans keep the government open unless the DACA issue is dealt with.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," they told reporters last week.
Indeed, just 14 Democrats joined House Republicans in voting for a two-week stopgap spending bill last week.
But in the Senate, the dynamic among Democrats was wholly different, with Democrats voting for the stopgap measure by a 5-to-1 margin.
Aides to lawmakers in both parties say the DACA issue was discussed only briefly at a White House meeting between Trump and top congressional leaders.
"There was no disagreement that it should be done. The question was when, where, how and why, and those discussions are continuing," Schumer told reporters Friday. "We hope to get it done before the end of the year."
Schumer spokesperson Matt House says Schumer is genuinely optimistic that Senate negotiations over a hybrid package blending the DREAM Act with additional border security measures are going well. House talks, meanwhile, appear stalled.
The differing perspectives, at their core, seem rooted in the different dynamics facing House and Senate Democrats.
Schumer's red-state Democrats must win re-election by appealing to independents, and they hope to win at least some crossover support from Republicans.
But many House Democrats represent congressional districts with large populations of minorities. Others represent solidly Democratic suburbs with constituencies that are sympathetic to immigrants. Their re-election bids are dependent on cementing the Democratic nomination from a primary electorate rather than winning independents or GOP crossovers.
Pelosi faces their own constituency, too. With 31 members, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus represents 16 percent of the House Democratic Caucus — a base that Pelosi is loath to cross.
"It's their belief, of course, but it's the caucus they represent as well," said Nadeam Elshami, Pelosi's former chief of staff. "The caucus wants this."
At least 175 people have died and thousands fled their homes as monsoon floods sweep across Nepal, India and Bangladesh, officials say, warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 80 people in Nepal, 73 across northern and eastern India and 22 in Bangladesh.
Around 200,000 people are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers were at danger levels.
Large parts of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
All trains to the northeast have been suspended until Wednesday, with sections of the track completely submerged in water, Indian railway spokesperson Anil Saxena told AFP.
In Nepal, aerial photos taken by an AFP photographer showed huge swathes of land in the southeast still underwater.
Police said over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods across Nepal's southern plains.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 36 people were missing, presumed dead, revising down an earlier count after more bodies were found.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of safe drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
"In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards," spokesperson Dibya Raj Poudel told AFP.
"Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so it is difficult to give a full assessment."
A local volunteer in Saptari district -- one of the worst affected areas -- said the water level was receding but many people were still stranded on higher ground.
"Water level has decreased a little bit but families still cannot return home. They are taking shelter in sheds. What people need now is clean drinking water and food," Dipak Kumar Yadav told AFP.
On the outskirts of Janakpur, in southeastern Nepal, local residents were sheltering in a local temple after the flood waters had totally destroyed their basic mud homes, though the water had mostly receded.
In India, emergency workers were scouring the area hit by a massive landslide that swept two passenger buses into a deep gorge on Sunday, killing at least 46 people in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
In the neighboring state of Uttarakhand -- which also borders Nepal -- three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told AFP.
‘Bangladesh deploys troops'
Bangladesh deployed troops to shore up embankments in the north of the country, where flooding has killed 22 people.
Local government administrator Kazi Hasan Ahmed told AFP up to 700,000 people had been marooned by flood waters after rivers burst their banks following days of heavy rain.
"We've not seen such severe floods in Dinajpur since 1988," they said, referring to the worst-hit district.
"The town protection embankment was washed away by flood water, submerging most of the main town."
The government's Flood Forecasting and Warning Centre warned that water levels in some major rivers would continue to rise over the next 72 hours, raising fears the flooding could spread.
In Nepal, the worst of the flooding was in the southern lowlands known as the Terai, the country's most fertile region and home to much of its agriculture.
"We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated," said Shankar Sapkota, senior agricultural economist with the government.
"Paddy fields, vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we cannot confirm the extent of damage."
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from a vulnerable western district.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighboring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
Recruiting Technology Industry Expert Leads Continued Growth of Popular Job Search Solution
LEBANON, NH--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - StartWire, America's number one job search organizer, today announced the promotion of Andrew Katz to the role of company President. Katz has been with StartWire since September 2015 as its Executive Vice President and General Manager.
Powered by a team of recruiting experts committed to radically improving job search, StartWire is a free service currently used by more than nine million job seekers. It enables job seekers to organize their applications and receive automatic status updates from thousands of employers via text and email messages, averting the dreaded "black hole" syndrome typically experienced by job applicants. This first-of-its-kind technology is now used to track applications at more than 15,000 companies, supporting the recruitment marketing efforts of hiring companies as well as employment brands.
Prior to joining StartWire, Katz was the Senior Vice President of Global Business Development and Channel Partnerships at Findly, a recruiting technology company now known as Symphony Talent. Earlier in their career, they were the Senior Vice President, Digital Operations at Bernard Hodes Group. They hold a bachelor's degree from Rutgers University in Advertising, Marketing and Psychology.
Chris Forman, Founder of StartWire, commented, "StartWire is a win-win for job seekers and employers. Thanks to Andy's contributions, StartWire has doubled in users and revenue in the last 12 months. He's the right leader to accelerate our growth moving forward."
Katz added, "It's exhilarating to be part of an organization that continues to shape the business-critical role of recruiting the right talent. I'm looking forward to working with our team and our clients in my new capacity to deliver high-impact results."
About StartWire
StartWire is America's number one job search organizer with more than 9 million members. Job seekers across the U.S. turn to StartWire to close the "resume black hole" by receiving automatic status updates from thousands of employers. Since its inception, StartWire has received rave reviews and coverage in US News & World Report, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, TechCrunch, Mashable, ERE, and Human Resource Executive. StartWire is headquartered near Dartmouth College in Lebanon, NH. For more information, visit http://www.startwire.com.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday:
Caterpillar Inc., down $9.55 to $144.44
The company said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year.
Alphabet Inc., down $51.17 to $1,022.64
Advertisement
Google's parent company reported greater ad sales but also said costs climbed.
Waters Corp., down $16.42 to $193.18
The maker of products used in drug discovery and development posted weak pharmaceutical and industrial sales.
Restaurant Brands Inc., up $2.80 to $56.30
A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits.
Whirlpool Corp., up $5.64 to $155.96
The appliance maker had a stronger first quarter than Wall Street had forecast.
Shire PLC, up $3.85 to $163.93
The drugmaker said it is considering a new buyout offer from Japan's Takeda.
3M Co., down $14.75 to $201.13
The industrial coatings and Post-it note maker cut its annual profit forecast.
Fifth Third Bancorp., up $1.32 to $33.25
The bank reported an increase in net interest income and analysts were pleased with its annual forecast.
WARNING: Contains spoilers on the winner of I'm A Celebrity 2017.
I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! 2017 came to a head last night, with Made in Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo walking away as Queen of the Jungle.
But what's the fee for winning the show, and how much will they be paid for coming first?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Er, surprisingly, ITV apparently don't offer a winner's fee at all, but rather pay each celebrity an agreed fee before they head into the camp - with The Sun previously reporting Toff was the lowest paid of them all, receiving £13,000 for their jungle experience.
A source told the publication the Made In Chelsea reality star was so keen to go on I'm A Celeb, they jumped at the chance without much negotiation.
"Georgia has been gold from the start this series but ITV bosses have got them for a bargain price", the insider commented. "She jumped at the chance to go into the jungle and producers didn't need to throw much money at her."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This comes as talent scout Barry Tomes told the Daily Star Sunday that while Toff won't be paid anything more for being crowned queen of the jungle, they could make over £5million in the near future.
"Her agents have played a blinder", they explained. "A lot would have turned down such a low fee but they obviously took it knowing their character – it's the right kind of programme for them
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"She will make more than a million pounds in a year. If they play the game they could earn up to £5million in the long-term. They were the favourite from the off because she's completely unspoiled. There's been a lot of bullying this series but she's not been part of it. What a level-headed young lady they are."
Georgia Toffolo, watch this space.
The Government's 100-day plan will gather pace this week with the introduction of laws setting out its families package and banning foreign speculators from buying existing houses.
A bill legalising medicinal cannabis is scheduled to be introduced next week and resumption of payments to the New Zealand Superannuation Fund is scheduled to take place within a fortnight.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said the families package on Thursday would lift thousands of children out of poverty "through a boost to low and middle income earners that fulfils our 100-day plan pledge."
They said they would release the numbers of people affected by the families package on Thursday — after the half yearly opening of the books by Treasury and Grant Robertson's Budget Policy Statement.
Advertisement
Them own legislation requiring targets to be set on child poverty reduction is scheduled to be introduced when Parliament resumes in late January — just inside the end of the 100 days on February 3.
They have written to National leader Bill English seeking cross-party support for the principle of setting targets, but leaving it up to each Government to set their own target.
"I don't want there to be politics in the issue of child poverty." They believed everyone shared the same goal of improving child well-being.
"What I want to see is successive Governments commit to focusing on lifting children out of poverty."
During the election campaign, English had set a target of 50,000 but their targets were more ambitious. English said they would consider them request.
Progress report on the Government's 100-day plan
Priority promises to be implemented by February 3
1. Make the first year of tertiary education or training fees free from January 1, 2018.
Details announced on December 5. No legislation needed.
2. Increase student allowances and living cost loans by $50 a week from January 1, 2018.
Details announced on November 21. No legislation needed.
3. Pass the Healthy Homes Guarantee Bill, setting minimum standards for all rentals.
Passed in Parliament on November 30.
4. Ban overseas speculators from buying existing houses.
Bill to be introduced to Parliament this week.
5. Issue an instruction to Housing New Zealand to stop sell-off of state houses.
Likely to happen this year.
6. Begin work to establish the Affordable Housing Authority and begin the KiwiBuild programme.
Work started, more announcements planned by February 3.
7. Legislate to pass the Families Package, including the Winter Fuel Payment, Best Start and increases to Paid Parental Leave, to take effect from 1 July 2018.
Law extending Paid Parental Leave passed November 30, families package bill to be introduced this Thursday.
8. Set up a ministerial inquiry into mental health crisis.
Announcements on membership and terms of reference expected early in New Year.
9. Introduce legislation to make medicinal cannabis available for people with terminal illnesses or in chronic pain.
Scheduled to be introduced next week.
10. Resume contributions to the New Zealand Superannuation Fund.
Approved by cabinet, first payment to be made before Christmas.
11. Introduce legislation to set a child poverty reduction target and to change the Public Finance Act so the Budget reports progress on reducing child poverty.
Bill to be introduced when Parliament resumes in late January.
12. Increase the minimum wage to $16.50 an hour, to take effect from 1 April 2018, and introduce legislation to improve fairness in the workplace.
Minimum wage increase approved by cabinet and announced, likely to be signed off by order in council this week; workplace legislation to be introduced when Parliament resumes in late January.
13. Establish the Tax Working Group.
Chairman announced, other members and terms of reference to be confirmed by February 3.
Anna Osborne's husband Milton died in the Pike River Mine disaster. The Pike River Recovery Agency has been set up with a view to re-entry of the mine by March 2019. Photo / Mark Mitchell
14. Establish the Pike River Recovery Agency and assign a responsible Minister.
Minister appointed, cabinet has approved Pike River Recovery Agency with a view to re-entry by March 2019.
15. Set up an inquiry into the abuse of children in state care.
Work under way with announcements on chair and scope of inquiry in January.
16. Hold a Clean Waters Summit on cleaning up rivers and lakes.
Scrapped. It was to have been part of a consultation over a water tax which was scrapped during coalition talks with NZ First.
17. Set the zero carbon emissions goal and begin setting up an independent Climate Commission.
Work under way and announcements planned before February 3.
Time for a Second Reformation? Why Some Say Another ‘Revival' Is Not Enough
admin By on February 4, 2018 RSS-CBN-Videos-Church-of-the-week
DETROIT (AP) — A wireless update of antilock braking software improved the stopping distance of Tesla's electric Model 3, prompting Consumer Reports to reverse course and give the car its "Recommended Buy" rating.
The magazine said Wednesday that the update cut 19 feet off the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour. A previous test — the results of which were released a little more than a week ago — found that it took 152 feet for the Model S compact car to stop from 60, the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to receive the coveted recommendation. But Consumer Reports still has concerns over wind noise, a stiff ride, and the touch-screen controls that could distract a driver.
After the first round of testing was made public, Tesla CEO Elon Musk promised to fix the problem within days. Consumer Reports says it was told by Tesla that the software helps the brakes adapt to variations in how they are used and how they respond in different environmental conditions.
Advertisement
On Twitter Wednesday, Musk wrote that they appreciate the "high-quality critical feedback" from Consumer Reports and said that noise and ride comfort already had been addressed. Another software update will address the controls, they wrote, without elaborating.
Musk told the magazine last week that Tesla had already made production changes to address wind noise, the harsh ride and an uncomfortable rear seat, Consumer Reports said in a statement. Consumer Reports said it will rent another Model 3 from Tesla to check on the changes and will report back on the results. The magazine bought a Model 3 for the first test and said it doesn't normally rent test vehicles.
The Model 3 is Tesla's first attempt to appeal to mass-market buyers. The car that starts at $35,000 but can run as high as $78,000 has been plagued by production delays.
Tesla's software update was done either via the car's cellular connection or a wireless internet link, depending on how the owner configures the car, according to Tesla.
Jake Fisher, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, said that in 19 years of work for the magazine they have not seen a car's track performance improve with a wireless update.
Musk pledged in a tweet last week that the braking improvements would make the Model 3 best in its class. But Consumer Reports said the stopping distance was not class leading and the further updates may be necessary.
The magazine also said nearly all of the Model 3's controls are on a center touch screen direction with no gauges on the dashboard and few buttons inside the car. This forces drivers to take several steps to do simple tasks and can cause driver distraction, the magazine said.
Consumer Reports also said it got a record 350 miles of range per charge with a long-range version of the Model 3 when it's set on a high mode to recharge batteries with energy from braking.
Giovanna Fletcher reveals awkward moment Buzz, 4, asked where babies come from
Giovanna and Tom were left lost for words when their eldest child asked how to make a baby.
The topic of the birds and the bees is never an easy conversation and it's one that left Giovanna Fletcher, 33, scrambling to explain to their four-year-old toddler Buzz, after they became curious about their pregnancy.
Giovanna, who is currently expecting their third child with Tom Fletcher, 32, told Heart they found themselves having to talk their way out of a tricky situation.
"I said something about a seed," they laughed.
"I said, 'Your daddy gave mummy a seed', I wasn't entirely sure what to say. I knew there were answers I'd heard before that I wanted to use but in that moment I just couldn't remember any of them.
"So I tried to use the seed analogy, but I couldn't quite remember where the seed was meant to go."
Tom admitted they were of little help in the situation as they took upon themselves to make a brief exit when the topic came up.
They recalled: "I remember, I was just leaving the room as they asked, and I was like, 'Yes! I've dodged this one!"
With only a few months left until they give birth, Giovanna claims they still don't know how they are going to explain the birth to Buzz.
They added: "I'm still waiting for the, 'So mummy, how is the baby going to get out of your tummy?'
As for the topic of sex, both Tom and Giovanna claim they will be open with Buzz and their two-year-old brother Buddy about the topic as they grow older.
"It's all about communication; knowledge is key. " Tom explained.
Washing up in the sunshine. xxx A post shared by Giovanna Fletcher (@mrsgifletcher) onMay 5, 2018 at 7:16am PDT
When it comes to body confidence, the couple claim their kids are currently as happy as ever and love nothing more than to be free.
Tom said: "They are at that lovely age where they're completely unaware of these issues and want to be run around naked all the time, but its a beautiful age.
Giovanna, who recently spoke out against cruel internet trolls, claims they were always aware of diets when they were growing up but kids today will have a completely different mentality towards body image.
"Now, I do think there is this whole big thing about embracing your body - stop seeing the flaws that other people tell you are flaws, and actually embrace what you have. So I think actually, Buzz and Buddy are quite lucky to be growing up now when there is such a strong message out there."
Tom and Giovanna's brand new novel Eve of Man, RRP £12.99 is out May 31st.
Nearly half of girls have blocked social media users after suffering harassment, a survey has found.
It comes amid a rise in online abuse, with the number of children and young people tormented by online trolls drastically increasing in recent years, the telegraph wrote.
Almost three quarters of girls, aged 11 to 18, have taken some form of action to avoid criticism online, according to a survey commissioned by the charity Plan International UK.
This could include receiving upsetting direct messages, having images shared without their consent, or feeling harassed through regular contact.
The survey of 1,002 secondary school boys and girls in the UK showed that 48 percent of female respondents had experienced some form of harassment or abuse on social media, compared to 40 percent of boys.
Of the females surveyed, 73 percent said they had taken some form of action to avoid criticism on social media, compared with 59 per cent of boys.
The most popular course of action was blocking other users (43 percent), while a third opted not to participate in a debate or conversation online for fear of being criticized and 13 percent said they had stopped going on social media altogether.
"Girls are self-censoring on social media for fear of backlash from others" Tanya Barron, chief executive of Plan International UK
Tanya Barron, chief executive of Plan International UK, said: "Girls have previously told us that they face harassment in schools and are scared everyday on the street.
"This new survey now shows that what they're experiencing in the physical world is spilling over into their digital world — and we mustn't allow this to happen.
"What's really concerning is that our research shows girls are self-censoring on social media for fear of backlash from others."
Last year a study by the NSPCC showed that the number of children and young people tormented by online trolls has increased by 88 percent in five years.
This story is about Published 4h
Miro Heiskanen entered Stars organization with high expectations, and somehow has continued to raise the bar Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Defenseman Miro Heiskanen watches between drills on the first day of Dallas Stars development camp at the Dr Pepper StarCenter on Saturday, July 8, 2017, in Frisco. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Josh Lile Contact Josh Lile on Twitter: @JoshL1220
The Dallas Stars were fortunate enough to get a little lotto luck prior to the 2018 season. They saw their numbers called at the NHL Draft Lottery as their pick slid up to the 3rd spot. The top two players were pretty clearly defined -- Nico Hischier went to New Jersey and Nolan Patrick to Philadelphia. A decision needed to be made at the 3rd pick and the Stars decided to pick up the top defenseman in the class by selecting Miro Heiskanen out of Finland. Heiskanen will be in North America for the 2019 season. Barring something completely unforeseen they will be firmly entrenched in the starting lineup for the Stars for years to come starting with Day 1. The expectations for their first year performance are going to be understandably high.
Why the presence of Miro Heiskanen next season could either be a help or hindrance to Julius Honka
Heiskanen has had a memorable year. They took a regular shift at the Olympics where they were electric. They competed for their country at both the World Junior Championships and World Championships, making them one of a select few who can claim the honor of competing in all three tournaments in one year. During the World Championships, Heiskanen was profiled by Sports Illustrated where they shared some wisdom about the tournament that will be key to keep in mind for Stars fans when setting expectations for their rookie season. "It was tough sometimes but mostly quite easy because I play with smarter players. Of course, the play is faster than at the junior category and I face stronger guys," they said. [...] "It's nice to face those guys and see where I am," Heiskanen said. "It's a good test to play them, maybe I will play them next year in the NHL. I want to play there as soon as possible, that's my goal."
He's a kid, but they have already been playing against and dominating grown men. Heiskanen skated for 25 minutes per night in Finland's top league, Liiga, with 23 points in 30 games which is absurd for an 18-year-old defenseman. One of the struggles for young players when they debut is fighting through physically mature adults for the first time while trying to establish their game. Miro? They were named the top defenseman in Liiga, and they already successfully faced Edmonton Oilers sensation Connor McDavid head on at the World Championships. No one particular skill stands out for Heiskanen. They do everything well. The nuance to their game is what is going to set them apart. It's hard to really put into words the type of player they are other than to say you just need to spend some time watching them closely. They skate well, they have a good wrist shot, and they have a very high hockey IQ. If you were trying to build the prototypical modern defenseman you'd start with Heiskanen's skill set. Setting expectations too high is a concern, but the Stars haven't had a prospect like this come through since Mike Modano. Heiskanen entered the organization with high expectations, and somehow they have continued to raise the bar without showing a single crack in their armor. Defensemen have only won the Calder Trophy as the NHL's rookie of the year eleven times since the award was first handed out in 1933. Heiskanen should be a strong candidate to be No. 12.
Blackberry Farm is hosting Pumpkin Weekends throughout October.
Each weekend – and Columbus Day (Oct. 9) – the park will be decorated in the spirit of pumpkin season. A picnic area will have pumpkins for purchase, and an assortment of decorating materials will be provided.
In addition, there will be carousel and hay wagon rides, pony rides, paddle boats, Little Farmer's Junction and tours on the “Pumpkin Train.”
Blackberry Farm hours are 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. Admission is $7 per person. Children under 2 are free.
(Photos by Jon Langham / for Chronicle Media)
—- Blackberry Farm hosting Pumpkin Weekends —-
Fibre optic cables give more bandwidth for conveying greater data than copper cables of a similar diameter. Optical fibres can be attracted to smaller distances across than copper wire. Since optical fibres are thinner than copper wires, more fibers can be packaged into a given-diameter cable than copper wires.
Driven by the rising interest for higher bandwidth and speedier speed connections for an assortment of mechanical and residential purposes, fiber optic transmission is winding up increasingly regular in present day society.
Optical fibers cabling are preferably suited for conveying digital data, which is particularly valuable in computer networks. Fibre is extraordinarily solid. It stays far less influenced by the environmental difficulties which can extraordinarily influence the execution of copper. Getting wet, being submerged and even the extraordinary warmth of the summer isn't an issue for fibre.
Elam has been the specialists in the installation and maintenance of fiber optic cabling for several years. We are experts in introducing fiber to the desktop, between floors, between structures, in Data Centers, or to interface your computer rooms together.
Our professional team of experts will supply, introduce, terminate and test a wide range of fiber optic cable. We have expertise in taking off Singlemode OS1, OS2, multimode (OM1, OM3 and OM4), Loose Tube, and Tight Buffered installations. For associations that need both speed and dependability with their communications infrastructure, fiber optics is a fundamental investment.
Elam remain fully informed regarding the most recent cabling standards and termination techniques. Servicing a wide range of enterprises, corporate entities, SME's, schools and colleges since 1993. We have built up a notoriety for being an authentic, honest cabling organization, that has their customers interests at heart.
We are a Sydney based, Australian owned, cabling company. Our area of expertise lays in Data, Fiber optic, Voice, Electrical and Security Installations. Elam gives services to government, Education, commercial, business and corporate customers all through NSW. We hold a Security Master License for CCTV and Alarm installations. Our experts guarantee you work viably in your business by giving the absolute best in Power, Lighting and Data network solutions.
About the Company:
Elam has been the experts in the installation and maintenance of fibre optic cabling for 15 years. We are specialists in installing fibre to the desktop, between floors, between buildings, in Data Centres, or to link your computer rooms together.
Contact Details:
Elam Cabling Group
Unit 19, 35-39 Higginbotham Road
Gladesville NSW 2111
1:17 Hiking the Reservoir Canyon Trail Pause
0:34 Take a virtual hike along Rocky Canyon Trail
0:55 Hiking Estero Bluffs State Park
0:41 Hiking Irish Hills Natural Reserve
0:28 Flora and Fauna of the Salinas River Walk
0:55 Hiking Harmony Headlands State Park
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The new chairperson and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America says they are optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business.
Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners delivered a state of the industry speech Tuesday morning at the annual CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas addressing concerns like waning audiences and increased competition from streaming.
Both stressed that there are ups and downs every year and that theaters will continue to survive.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theater owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
CTV Vancouver
A Surrey man is being treated in hospital following what police believe was a targeted shooting in Richmond.
Mounties were called to the 7000-block of Westminster Highway shortly before 10:30 p.m. Thursday for reports of the shooting. The 20-year-old victim was found suffering from injuries consistent with being shot.
It appeared that they had been shot near the 6200-block of Lynas Lane. Police were still on scene Friday, scouring the area for evidence with the help of a canine unit.
The victim, who is known to police, was taken to hospital for treatment and has been "less than co-operative" with investigators, the RCMP said.
Few details have been provided about the incident, but Mounties said they believe it was targeted.
Police are canvassing the area for witnesses and surveillance camera footage.
Anyone with information or video is asked to contact Cpl. Shawn Hazell at 604-278-1212, or to call Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
CITIZEN is proud to announce the addition of ten new models to its Eco-Drive Bluetooth series. All Eco-Drive Bluetooth models combine connected features such as smartphone call or text notifications with the style and precision of fine analog timepieces.
Since the launch of the first model in 2012, CITIZEN's Eco-Drive Bluetooth watches, with its sophisticated design, have captured a unique position in the market for smart analog watches. One reason is CITIZEN's proprietary light-powered technology Eco-Drive, which frees users from worries about changing batteries or daily cable charging. The CITIZEN smart phone app also makes it easy to sync to correct time anywhere in the world and set alarms with intuitive operation.
World's smallest and thinnest Eco-Drive Bluetooth watch featuring CITIZEN's new W410 movement
The CITIZEN Eco-Drive Bluetooth ladies watch —featuring a modern design with slightly retro feel, accented in light and cheery color variations is inspired by the woman who feels confident about their future and enjoys being herself.
Functions
Features six functions.
1. Eco-Drive light-powered technology
2. Notifications of incoming calls, emails, and SNS messages via sound and hand movement
3. Link loss alert
4. Smartphone search
5. Alarm (up to three time settings)
6. Date and time synchronization
-Offers 15 different original sounds exclusively prepared for the W410 model.
Design
Simple dial design with a touch of retro feel shows functions as icons rather than words.
Official CITIZEN app
User interface features white background for better readability and a power reserve indicator.
Connection indicator shows the state of the connection with the wearer's smartphone.
Case/Band: Stainless steel / Calf (Water-repellent)
Stainless steel / Stainless steel
Dial: White, Mother of pearl, White
Crystal: Crystal glass
Case size: Diameter 33.0mm/Thickness 9.98mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal. W410 / Accuracy of ±15 seconds per month (without time signal reception) / Eco-Drive: Running for 12 months (4 years with power save function) / Bluetooth® (Call, E-mail, SNS notification) / Alarm / Phone search / Time sync / Light-Level Indicator*4 / Perpetual Calender / W.R. 5 BAR
Eco-Drive Bluetooth for unisex features new W410 movement and Super Titanium™
The new unisex Bluetooth watch featuring the W410 movement and Super Titanium™
inherits the design concept of previous popular W770 model.
Case/Band: Super Titanium™ with Duratect*3 DLC (Diamond-
Like Carbon) for bezel / Super Titanium™
Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC (Diamond-
Like Carbon) / Urethane
Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC
(Diamond-Like Carbon) (Duratect Gold
for bezel) / Urethane
Dial: Black
Crystal: Sapphire crystal glass with anti-reflective coating
Case: Size Diameter 40.5mm / Thickness 10.68mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal. W410 /Accuracy of ±15 seconds per month (without time signal reception) / Eco-Drive: Running for 12 months (4 years with power save function) / Bluetooth® (Call, E-mail, SNS notification) / Alarm / Phone search / Time sync / Light-Level Indicator / Perpetual Calender / W.R. 5 BAR
New Eco-Drive Bluetooth W770 with Super Titanium™
A traditional analog watch dial gives a true 3-dimentional look, plus a new dial layout
provides improved visibility. A concentric pattern surrounding a small dial represents the
radio waves used by Bluetooth.
Functions
1. Eco-Drive light-powered technology
2. Notifications of incoming calls, emails, and SNS messages via sound and hand
movement
3. Link loss alert
4. Smartphone search
5. Alarm (up to three time settings)
6. Date and time synchronization
Case/Band: Super Titanium™ with Duratect DLC (Diamond-Like Carbon) / Urethane
Dial: Black
Crystal: Sapphire crystal glass with anti-reflective coating
Case: Size Diameter 48.0mm / Thickness 15.73mm (Design specification only)
Movement: Cal.W770/ Accuracy of ± 15 seconds per a month (when not receiving signals) / Eco-Drive: Running for 4 years on full charge (on power save mode)/Power save function / 1 second chronograph measures up to 60 minutes / Alarm/ Local time (Second time zone) / Day Date / 24Hour time/ Light level indicator / Power reserve indicator*5 / Perpetual calendar / Screw-back case / Deployment clasp with push button / W.R. 10 BAR
About CITIZEN WATCH
CITIZEN WATCH, marking its 100th anniversary in 2018, is a true manufacture d'horlogerie with a comprehensive manufacturing process that extends from creating a watch's individual components to its final assembly. The company operates in more than 130 countries around the world. Since its founding in 1918, CITIZEN have held the belief of “Better Starts Now” — that is, no matter who you are and what you do, it is always possible to make something better, and now is the time to start doing it. Sharing this belief, we have made watches, invented and improved technologies and explored the future of watches such as our proprietary light-powered Eco-Drive technology and state-of-the art satellite-synchronised timekeeping.
Second Republic vice president,Dr. Alex Ekwueme, was buried at exactly 2.40pm yesterday in their home town, Oko in Orumba North Local Government area of Anambra State.
They were laid to rest in their expansive compound after a funeral service at St John The Divine Church, Oko, before a large number of mourners from all walks of life led by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo.
Osinbajo, head of the federal government delegation to the event, announced the renaming of the Federal University, Ndufu Alike, Ikwo in Ebonyi State after the departed politician.
They said the decision was in recognition of Ekwueme's selfless service to the country.
The former VP, Osinbajo said, practiced principles of personal sacrifice for others and would be remembered for many things not only by the people of the Southeast, but the entire country.
The first son of the late politician, Pastor Goodheart Obi Ekwueme, thanked the federal government for the gesture and for making the burial a memorable one.
But they asked for more,a veiled reference to the deceased's often repeated request for the upgrading of the Federal Polytecnic in Oko to a university of technology.
Preaching at the service, the Primate of the Church of Nigeria, the Most Rev Nicholas Okoh, said what the country needed to move forward was integrity in governance with its allied products of honesty, reliability.
Okoh, who led over 50 Bishops and over 100 other clerics, said if the new breed politicians could behave like Ekwueme, that the country would be a better place for everyone.
“What we need in Nigeria is integrity and its allied products,” they said.
“If you are in politics and you do it without it, you will be embarrassed and if you are in business without it, you will collapse.
“If we must rebuild Nigeria, we must bring back integrity into the system and it's allied forces.
“Is it not a shame that countries like Rwanda, Ghana, Kenya just to mention a few are now greater than Nigeria?'
They urged rapists, kidnappers, ritual killers, cultist and selfish politicians to repent.
Former Secretary General of the Commonwealth, Chief Emeka Anyaoku, in a tribute said Ekwueme was not the typical Nigerian politician.
Anyaoku, a close friend of the deceased, said Ekwueme had left a remarkable legacy in three key areas-national and international service, politics and philanthropy.
They said:”Alegi (his nickname for Alex Ekwueme) , thank you for your royal legacies to our politicians and the citizens of this country “
Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State thanked President Muhammadu Buhari and the South east governors for their dedication in making sure that Ekwueme got a befitting burial.
The presence of All Progressives Congress (APC) stalwart, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, former President Goodluck Jonathan and former Vice President, Namadi Sambo, at the funeral, drew a loud ovation from the massive crowd.
Also in attendance were Governors Dave Umahi (Ebonyi), Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu), Rochas Okorocha (Imo), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia),Akinwumi Ambode (Lagos),and Ibrahim Dankwambo (Gombe),as well as a former Chief of General Staff,Commodore Ebitu Ukiwe, national chairperson of the APC, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, and their AGPA counterpart, Dr. Victor Oye.
Others were :former First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan; Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige; Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu;Minister of Agriculture, Chief Audu Ogbe; former governors Sam Egwu (Ebonyi), James Ibori (Delta), and Bisi Akande (Osun); former chief of naval staff, Rear Admiral Allison Madueke; Senator Joy Emodi; Prof Jerry Gana; former Governor of Abia state, Senator TA Orji, and Senator Jim Nwobodo.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Look up - it is the best way to enjoy the magic of Birmingham's architecture.
It is particularly true of the design of some of the city centre's shops where frontages are often obliterated and we lose sight of the original building.
We need to admire a building as a whole, trace its line against the sky and see how it relates to its neighbours.
Birmingham should be proud of the shops that were such an important feature of the growth of the city centre in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s and here we examine some of the best.
Start in Temple Row at the back of House of Fraser, formerly known as Rackhams.
Built between 1957 and 1961 and designed by TP Bennett & Sons, this is a building which exudes fun and epitomises the optimism of the age.
The rear features zig-zag panelling and windows, very reminiscent of the 1950s and the glamorous style of the Festival of Britain, framed by Portland stone panels of modernist simplicity with a pattern of rectangular windows in groups of three.
The difference between the nostalgic and the contemporary provides a striking contrast.
Keep looking up and admire the projecting pediment above a recessed top storey, adding a lightness and floating quality to the building.
Beautifully complementing the House of Fraser building, the neighbouring 43 Temple Row, designed in 1980 by James Roberts, famous for Birmingham's Rotunda, features light Travertine marble framing the dark pink-grey granite of the recessed window panels - quality materials used for a quality building.
(Image: Pic: Google Street View)
Walking down Temple Row towards Bull Street, you pass another Modernist building.
Look up and you are in for a treat, a magnificent clock tower, powerfully heightened by strong vertical lines of Portland stone with a clock face of stunning simplicity and elegance.
Take a moment, too, to look back at the building line along Temple Row.
Had you noticed the curve in the House of Fraser building which is almost flirtatious in its subtlety?
Walk round to the front of House of Fraser, where the zig-zag design of the windows makes an even stronger statement, contrasted with the larger flat glass panels which span the building at first-floor level.
The small decorative panels of narrow slit windows at each end of this span add to the quirkiness of this building, its department store opulence reinforced at ground-floor level by display windows framed in brown and pink marble.
Walking on down Corporation Street, you pass what was C&A, now New Look, a handsome 1949 building which was extended in 1958. The upper storeys retain the Modernist symmetrical pattern of the original design including the light metal windows with their fine detailing.
Unfortunately, incongruous infilling of the ground and first floors with disproportionately large windows has disrupted the building's overall harmony.
Turn left into New Street. The Britannia Hotel, on your left, built as a department store for Marshall & Snelgrove, started in 1938 but not finished until 1956 because of wartime delays, provides an interesting contrast with its post-war neighbour, the Big Top.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Built between 1956 and 1961 and designed by Cotton, Ballard and Blow, the Big Top complex fills a significant area between New Street, High Street, Union Street and Union Passage.
On the New Street side, once home to British Home Stores, look up and, happily, some original features remain.
Typically Modernist with its light, clean lines of Portland stone is the rhythmic pattern of window panels across the upper floors of the building.
The panels of blue-grey slate at the left-hand end and on the angled corners as the building tracks around the site provide decorative highlights which mark its extremes.
It's a travesty to obscure one of them with a huge advertising screen.
The use of Portland stone and slate marks the confidence with which architects and builders in the post-war period provided a new "shoppingscape" for the people of Birmingham.
A signature feature of much Modernist 1960/70s retail development, the continuous canopy between ground and first floors provided shelter for shoppers.
The removal of parts of this canopy and the addition of sections of over-large window glass at ground and first-floor level on New Street and over four floors on part of the High Street side, once home to Littlewoods store, make a mockery of the unity of the original design.
The Big Top has many more features, combining buildings of different heights designed for different purposes, a celebratory complex reflecting the mood of the time and now in dire need of some TLC.
Around the corner in Union Street there is a dramatic panel of recessed windows with their projecting concrete frames and in Union Passage look up at a panel of Portland stone with rectangular windows reminiscent of the walls that frame the back of the House of Fraser.
Birmingham boasts a fascinating history that led to the post-war boom in retail development.
Did you know that the Big Top complex was named after the circus that performed on the site after it was bombed in 1941?
It was the first major project in the city centre before work began on the Inner Ring Road in 1957 and the tower block was once Birmingham's tallest.
By giving buildings that represent this vibrant period inappropriate make-overs and denying them the care they deserve, we distort the history of our city.
It is not a question of personal taste, it is a matter of the heritage we are denying generations to come.
Mary Keating represents the Brutiful Brum group which campaigns to preserve Birmingham's remaining Brutalist buildings
Italy has welcomed a decision by Libya to ban foreign refugee rescue vessels from entering a stretch of waters off its coast, in a move that has halted almost all such international operations there.
Under the navy ban that was announced on Thursday, foreign vessels searching for refugees and asylum seekers headed for Europe have to stay out of the “search and rescue zone” off the Libyan coast, presstv.ir reported.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano hailed the move in an interview with Italian daily La Stampa on Sunday, saying the Libyan government “is ready to put in place a search and rescue zone in its waters, work with Europe and invest in its coastguards.”
“This sends a signal that the balance is being restored in the Mediterranean,” they added.
The Libyan navy spokesperson, Ayoub Qaseed said earlier that the decision was made “according to international laws and regulations.” They said that the 148-kilometer zone stretches off the capital Tripoli in the west of Libya into the north. “All countries have their own search zones.”
Qaseed accused some NGOs (non-governmental organizations) of having links with people-smugglers, who pack refugees onto unseaworthy boats and dinghies, and smuggling them into Europe across the Mediterranean. They claimed that smugglers are tipped off by those NGOs ahead of Libyan coast guard missions.
“We do not have evidence. But it is strange that there are no migration boats when Libyan navy patrols are at sea although vessels of these organizations are there,” they added.
Libya, in North Africa, has become a key departure point for refugees and asylum seekers, who risk their lives on the boats in the hope of reaching Europe. The boats are usually intercepted by European vessels once they enter international waters.
In response to the Libyan move, several aid groups suspended search and rescue operations in the area for security concerns.
​Doctors Without Borders (MSF)—an international medical humanitarian organization— announced a temporary halt to its mission on Saturday. More NGOs, including the German group Sea Eye and Save the Children, later followed the MSF.
“Continuing our rescues is not currently possible under these circumstances,” said Michael Busch Heuer, the founder of German group Sea Eye. “We can no longer justify this to our crews.”
Save the Children said it could not resume the mission without “vital safety and security assurances.”
The charities warned that more people would drown if they did not intervene.
They urged the European Union to open legal channels of migration so that people would no longer put their lives at risk on dangerous sea journeys.
Some 72,000 refugees and asylum seekers arrived in Italy from Libya between January and June this year alone. More than 2,000 also died en route, according to the International Organization for Migration.
COLUMBIA - Monday was the last day for Columbians to donate toys, school supplies and hygiene products to Operation Christmas Child.
The boxes full of donated items will then be sent off to children in impoverished countries.
Volunteers at Operation Christmas Child said they hope to send items to 9.8 million children in more than 100 countries.
Operation Christmas Child has been operating for 20 years, but this is the first year Columbia has had drop off locations for the community to donate its items.
"Independently churches and schools have been collecting boxes," Nancy Anger, relay coordinator for The Crossing Church. It's been going on for quite a while. I remember that, probably 15 years ago I made a shoe box and brought it into my church. But there hasn't been an official spot to bring them."
The Crossing Church and Parkade Baptist Church both wanted to collect at least 800 donations. The Crossing currently estimates to have collected 1,100 packages with Parkade passing its goal.
All mid-Missouri donations will be shipped off to Denver, where they will be processed. Those boxes will then be sent to Mexico, Togo, and Guyana.
While the in person donation period is over, people can still visit the charity's website to purchase and build a box online.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
By Victoria White - Hawkes Bay Today
An Easter Sunday outing which ended with a toddler being rushed to hospital has served as a reminder about the safety of public waterways.
A 1-year-old boy is recovering in Hawke's Bay Hospital after they fell into a waterway at Hawke's Bay A&P Showgrounds.
The toddler had been unresponsive when they were pulled from the water, and it was thought CPR had been performed on them until emergency services arrived.
They were taken to Hawke's Bay Hospital in a critical condition, but was last night listed in a stable condition.
The boy's family were not able to comment yesterday.
The details surrounding the incident are still not known, however it is thought the boy was pulled from the Waikoko Lake, in the gardens at the front of the showgrounds.
This has sparked a debate about the safety of public waterways - Waikoko Lake varies in depth from half a metre to 4m, is publicly accessible, but is not fenced.
Water Safety NZ chief executive Jonty Mills said all waterways posed a potential hazard, particularly to children, and the only foolproof way of keeping them safe was constant supervision.
"Local authorities have a responsibility to ensure public safety, however we all have some responsibility to watch out for each other, particularly where children are involved," they said.
Potential hazards needed to be identified, but they said it was not realistic to expect every waterway in the country to be fully fenced.
Continued below.
Related Content John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Your Views: Readers Letters Barry Soper: Difficult to trust Bill English after SAS inquiry denied
"So we all need to be extra vigilant around water, particularly where kids are involved."
Although Hastings Mayor Lawrence Yule said the district council did not have any jurisdiction over the showgrounds environment, they felt there was a limit to the safety measures which could be implemented around waterways.
"It would be unrealistic to fence all our waterways, our lakes, our rivers," they said. "There is a natural danger next to waterways and parents need to be constantly vigilant about that."
Showgrounds general manager Brent Linn has said although the incident was "tragic", they had to balance "providing public access to the showgrounds and relying on people to self-manage that risk".
Mr Linn said they were not aware of any similar incidents happening at the showgrounds before.
There had been no scheduled public events at the showgrounds on Sunday afternoon - the weekly Farmers' Market at the showgrounds had finished well before the incident.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Australian model and designer Madeline Stuart, who has Down's Syndrome, presents creations from their label 21 Reasons Why By Madeline Stuart during New York Fashion Week in Manhattan, New York, U.S., February 12, 2017.
New York: Madeline Stuart, the 20-year-old Australian model with Down's Syndrome challenging stereotypes in the fashion industry, returned to New York on Sunday to strut the runway and debut their own label.
Stuart relished their moment on the catwalk, opening with a happy little jiggle and blowing a kiss to the crowd at the end on a rainy, chilly night on the Lower East Side.
For the debut of their “21 Reasons Why” label, they wore a white peplum-style top with blue leggings, their hair fluffed up in a top knot and glittery makeup around their eyes.
It is a range of sports-casual lycra similar to outfits they are photographed in off the catwalk - leggings, tops and skirts with mottos such as “Fitness Life,” “Supermodel” and “I am Fashion Week.”
It “is an inspirational line, it's for everybody to feel comfortable, to feel good about themselves,” their mother, Rosanne Stuart, told AFP.
A picture of Madeline dressed in a ballgown from their attention-grabbing 2015 New York fashion week appearance featured on the front and back of a singlet and on black leggings.
Alessia Cara's “Scars To Your Beautiful” - an anthem to inclusion and acceptance regardless of appearance - played over the loudspeakers.
The brand takes its name from the 21st chromosome, an extra one of which causes Down's Syndrome, and reflects a desire to make people more diverse, caring and loving, and what Rosanne called everyone's desire to be 21 years old.
They said the clothes were completely the work of themselves and Madeline.
Madeline will be walking in another fashion show in New York on Monday, and also has plans to go to Paris fashion week, model in Los Angeles, show their line of clothing in Denver and model in London, their mother said.
Madeline recently got a US work visa, “the only person with an intellectual disability” to have got one, according to their mother and the duo are in and out of the States a lot.
The label took second slot in a triple bill in an arts space on the Lower East Side, opened by a flamboyant and emotional catwalk show featuring breast cancer survivors who dared to bare and closing with women in cocktail frocks accompanied by dogs in pet couture.
The 16 cancer survivors modeled lingerie and loungewear from AnaOno, which designs specifically for women who have had mastectomies, breast reconstruction or breast surgery.
Women of all colors and ages took part, the youngest of whom was 18 when they were diagnosed, in a bid to raise awareness of and boost research into stage four breast cancer.
They strutted the runway in platform boots and lingerie, some proudly whipping off their bras and covers to display breast reconstruction or double mastectomies to whoops and cheers from the supportive crowd.
GANGNEUNG, South Korea (AP) — A pair of smiling North Korean skaters carried out lifts, death spirals and other difficult moves during practices ahead of the Winter Olympics, drawing applause from South Korean spectators at Gangneung Ice Arena on Saturday.
The duo, Ryom Tae Ok and Kim Ju Sik, is the focus of intense media attention as they were the only North Korean athletes who were initially qualified to compete in the Pyeongchang Games before their Olympic committee missed a confirmation deadline. The International Olympic Committee later allowed them and 20 other athletes to compete in the Feb. 9-25 games in special entries given to the North as it worked out a set of Olympics-related rapprochement deals with South Korea.
Unlike many other North Korean athletes who looked serious and rarely answered reporters' questions, the duo appeared more natural and often smiled when they practiced and passed through a mixed zone — an area where athletes go through after games or training.
Ryom, who turned 19 on Friday, already got the nickname "angel of smile" by some South Korean media outlets, after they waved and smiled broadly when they arrived at the Gangneung athletes' village on Thursday evening.
Advertisement
"I feel good," they told reporters in brief comments after training with Kim in the second practice at the venue since their arrival in South Korea.
Dozens of reporters, photographers and TV crews watched them perform at the Gangneung Arena's underground training site. Volunteer workers and organizing committee staff, many of them South Koreans, also watched the duo's practice, giving them a round of applause at least twice during about an hour-long session.
"It's good that everyone is welcoming us like this," the duo's North Korean coach, Kim Hyon Son, told reporters.
Later Saturday, North Korean short-track speed skater Jong Kwang Bom practiced at the arena's main ice rink. Their sole teammate Choe Un Song didn't show up, apparently due to an ankle injury during their first practice in Gangneung on Friday. Their coach told reporters it was up to Choe to decide whether to compete in the games after watching their condition.
The Koreas are in a rare Olympics-inspired reconciliation mood after a year of heightened animosities over North Korea's advancing nuclear and missile programs. They agreed to form a single women's hockey team and have their athletes to parade together in the Feb. 9 opening ceremony. The North also plans to send a 230-member cheering group and a 140-person art troupe to the South during the games.
Pyeongchang, a relatively small ski resort town, will host the ski, snowboard and sliding events during the Olympics. Gangneung, a larger coastal city about an hour's drive away, will host the skating, hockey and curling events.
Some experts see the North's cooperation in the South Korean-hosted Olympics as an attempt to use improved inter-Korean ties as a way to weaken U.S.-led international sanctions against North Korea.
On Saturday, two members of the North's official Olympic delegation were found to have come to South Korea despite having no IOC-issued accreditations.
Under an IOC-brokered deal, North Korea was supposed to send a 46-member group composed of 22 athletes and 26 coaches, officials and journalists. But the North has so far sent 47 people to South Korea, and Seoul's Unification Ministry said two of the 47 have not been accredited by the IOC.
This means the North still has one more IOC-accredited figure to send to South Korea, and ministry officials said they expect the North to send that person along with non-Olympic delegations next week. According to a ministry statement, the two came to South Korea late last month with 12 female hockey players and their male coach who have formed a joint team with South Korean players.
South Korean officials say they view the two as support staff though some social media and online message boards speculated they might be security agents assigned to prevent North Korean athletes and others from interacting too much with foreigners or possibly defecting to South Korea.
Observers say the North might have already added security agents to the IOC-accredited delegation by disguising them as sport officials or journalists. They say it's highly unlikely for North Korean athletes or members of the cheering group or art troupe to defect while in the South. They are mostly from relatively affluent families and a defection would make their relatives in the north face possible reprisals.
The wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Ri Sol Ju, was part of a cheering group that visited in 2005 during the Asian Athletics Championships in Incheon.
During a previous era of inter-Korean detente, North Korea also sent big delegations to South Korea when its rival hosted major international sports and other events. But none from those North Korean delegations defected, though about 30,000 North Koreans have chosen to flee to South Korea for political and economic reasons since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War, according to Seoul's Unification Ministry.
The idea of making Indian cities utopian is like dream come true for the citizens. However, reaching that particular objective requires manifold levels of planning, on-ground implementation, involvement and regular upkeep by all the stakeholders involved. With Bengaluru's population set to double to 18.9 million and the vehicular population to triple in next 15 years, Bengaluru is in dire need of a solution. One of the small initiatives towards Bengaluru's utopian dream is the Transit Oriented Development (TOD) Policy, which has been incorporated in the Bengaluru Revised Master Plan (RMP) 2031, and is out for public scrutiny. TOD integrates the concept of walk- to-work or increased pedestrianization, last mile connectivity with high densities in a radius of 500-800m around transit stations/terminals/corridors.
Cities like Montreal, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Paris, and Hong Kong have largely benefitted from this kind of urban development. A densely populated city, like Hong Kong, has minimum car ownership ratio and public transport is the most preferred way of commuting. Earlier, in Hong Kong, the railway system was not built until the area was well-developed. However, recently, they have opted for the TOD model in areas like Union Square and Olympian City, where a railway system has been built simultaneously with residential development above or nearby. In the Indian context, TOD has been implemented in Ahmedabad, Bhopal and Naya Raipur, of which Ahmedabad is one good example.
“Urban centers are complex systems with multiple layers of transportation, utilities, real estate and communities intricately interwoven together. TOD works on the principle that we build compact cities to maximize ridership by ensuring there is a dense catchment next to the stations and people are encouraged to use the system. The recently released RMP 2031 has one paragraph reference to TOD, which is like a tick in the box that achieves little. The need of the hour is that all stakeholders should come together and work with the government to formulate a policy in order to develop not just a smart city but also a livable city; irrespective of its ‘TODness' quotient. And importantly, one that can be implemented” says Amit Oberoi, National Director, Knowledge Systems, Colliers International India.
RMP 2031, notifies 150m radius around metro stations/terminals as TOD influence zones, where an FSI of 4 is permissible. The TOD is proposed only in Zone B that includes areas outside the Outer Ring Road (ORR) to the conurbation area. Although, it does not include Zone A, which is the developed area of Bengaluru, and is struggling with basic infrastructure needs. As per Colliers Research, implementing TOD in the developing areas may be the right approach as it is easy to do so. Also, ORR and Whitefield contribute 78% of Grade A office stock of Bengaluru, which will further help the commercial market to boost. However, the influence zone of 150m seems to be very minuscule and may not deliver the desired output.
According to Colliers Research, there is not just one way of moving forward to achieve the utopian goal. Permutation combination of many concepts should be implemented along with complete involvement of the stakeholders from government bodies to private players.
To expedite the implementation of the policy, we believe various solutions can be incorporated. Some of them include:
 To implement TOD; smaller pockets with similar characteristics could be identified and a detailed plan of action can be prepared and implemented at the same time integrating with the city's infrastructure development
 More town pooling tools such as land pooling or town planning schemes can be incorporated in the developing zones where vacant land parcels are available to avoid the haphazard development which is the notable type of development in Bengaluru
 Developers could be encouraged to develop 200-300m around their projects, such as pedestrian footpaths, road repairs, etc. in sync with government bodies in order to relieve the pressure on government bodies
 The government can identify and invest in developing probable catchment areas in the state. This would relieve the pressure out of Bengaluru
 Common card systems should be introduced that can be used in metro, bus as well as taxi. This will increase the ease of travel
TOD and mixed-use development are inherent characteristics in Indian cities. Instead of dreaming for a utopian concept based upon international cases, concerned stakeholders should operate with the tools in hand to come up with innovative ideas best suited in the Indian context.
Looking to find yourself a great toy advent calendar for 2018? We've got you covered.
One of the biggest Christmas trends of the past few years has been the idea of having toy advent calendars. It used to be the case that the majority of advent calendars would contain little, poorly-made/cheap chocolates. But now, the big toy brands have realized that there is a better option than filling your kids with sugar: toys.
There are many different types of advent calendars for Christmas this year, and the majority of them hail from brands like LEGO, Playmobil, and even Disney. So whether your kids are little builders, Disney lovers, Star Wars lovers, or you just want to take a different route with your advent calendar needs this year, we've got you covered.
Here are the top 15 best toy advent calendars for Christmas 2018:
LEGO Advent Calendars
1. LEGO Friends Advent Calendar Building Kit
LEGO Friends has EXPLODED in popularity this year, mostly thanks to the Netflix series of the same name. Now, the LEGO brand has introduced a brand-new toy advent calendar for Christmas 2017 in themed with LEGO Friends. It features 24 days of 24 gifts, and each is enclosed in its own compartment inside a Lego Friends holiday-themed calendar, complete with a snowy backdrop.
Inside each compartment is a buildable surprise, including small furry friends, a Christmas tree, gifts, and figures. It's a great option for those who love the series!
Check out more of the best LEGO Friends sets here.
Price: $23.74 (21 percent off MSRP)
2. LEGO City Advent Calendar 60155 Building Kit
Of course, it wouldn't be Christmas without LEGO taking over the world, and this year, they've got a few brand-new LEGO advent calendars to choose from. One of them is this Lego City Advent Calendar (#60155), which comes with 248 pieces.
It's my opinion that the LEGO advent calendars are the best option, because no only does it serve as a holiday countdown but it's also like any other LEGO set, in that you get to build it, yourself. It features 24 different items like buildings, vehicles, and six minifigures. It even comes with a great Christmas train!
Price: $29.94
3. LEGO Star Wars Advent Calendar 75184 Building Kit
Christmas-themed Star Wars stuff? Count me in! Check out the LEGO Star Wars Advent Calendar (#75184), which includes 309 gloriously Star Wars Christmas-themed pieces. It's slightly more expensive than the other toy calendars, but it's worth it. You know, because Star Wars.
Price: $34.76 (13 percent off MSRP)
Buy the LEGO Star Wars 2017 Advent Calendar here.
PLAYMOBIL Advent Calendars
4. PLAYMOBIL Advent Calendar Christmas on the Farm
PLAYMOBIL introduced a massive wave of brand-new advent calendars for 2017, and we have included a few of them on this list. This one is the Christmas on the Farm calendar, which is a 28-piece set that comes complete with a backdrop, four figures, a sleigh, reindeer, farm fence, chickens, cow, and other farm animals and accessories.
Each piece is hidden inside a compartment, so for each of the 24 days leading up to Christmas your child will receive one of them. When it's all over, they're left with a great set of farm toys.
Price: $24.95
5. PLAYMOBIL NHL Advent Calendar – Rivalry on the Pond
Ice hockey fans, rejoice — PLAYMOBIL has the PERFECT advent calendar for NHL lovers. The PLAYMOBIL NHL Advent Calendar is a 63-piece set, 24 of which are reserved for daily surprises leading up to Christmas day. It comes with a backdrop, two hockey figures, a Santa referee (ha!), two children figures, flags, a goal, the Stanley Cup, a puck bag, and tons of other accessories perfect for the young hockey crowd.
Like the rest of PLAYMOBIL's holiday offerings, it's a great looking set that doesn't feel cheap. It's recommended for ages 5+.
Price: $26.99
6. PLAYMOBIL Santa's Workshop Advent Calendar
For something a bit more general in nature but still holiday-themed, check out the PLAYMOBIL Santa's Workshop advent calendar. It comes with 24 days of gifts, of course, ranging form figures to a sleigh to toys and plenty of other accessories. It also comes with a holiday-themed backdrop, and it's recommended for ages four to ten.
Price: $24.95
7. PLAYMOBIL Royal Skating Trip Advent Calendar
If you're looking for a toy advent calendar for girls, one of the best options is the Royal Ice Skating Trip advent calendar. It's royalty-themed, complete with a king and queen, a princess, snowman, sleigh, deer, foxes, and other animals. On top of that, behind one of the compartments is a beautiful beaded bracelet that your kids will love!
Price: $24.95
More Toy Advent Calendars
8. PAW Patrol Advent Calendar
Count down to Christmas with the Paw Patrol Advent Calendar. Each day, your child will open a door that reveals a new mini Paw Patrol figure. The figures can be displayed with the backdrop, or they can be played with elsewhere. It's recommended for ages 3 years and up.
Price: $24.99
9. Hot Wheels 2017 Advent Calendar
Ignore the low customer review score on Amazon for the Hot Wheels 2017 Advent Calendar, because it isn't a review of the quality of the item. Their main gripe is that it is just a re-skin of the 2016 version of the calendar. That's absolutely true, but if you didn't get last year's Hot Wheels advent calendar, you have nothing to worry about!
It comes with 8 cars, with stickers and other accessories filling the other 16 boxes. So if you didn't have the same toy calendar last year, this is a great choice for car-lovers.
Price: $20.99
10. Barbie Careers Advent Calendar 2017
Mattel is also throwing their hat into the calendar ring this year with their very own Barbie Careers Advent Calendar. This brilliantly-designed calendar gives them a Barbie doll on the first day followed by 23 career-themed clothing items and accessories every day after. They'll eventually have enough clothing and accessories to make their Barbie a ballerina, a baker, an ice skater, a pet doctor, or a skier.
Price: $29.99
Buy the Barbie Careers Advent Calendar 2017 here.
11. Tsum Tsum Disney Countdown to Christmas Advent Calendar
Disney also has a few new kids advent calendars for 2017, one of which includes the Tsum Tsum Disney figures. It comes with 18 Disney Tsum Tsum figures — 6 large, 6 medium, and 6 small — all of which are wearing holiday attire.
It also comes with 6 holiday themed accessories. They're great to collect, stack, and put on display as you and your kids countdown to Christmas morning.
Price: $39.90
12. Tsum Tsum Marvel Countdown to Christmas Advent Calendar
Your superhero-loving kids will also LOVE this Tsum Tsum Marvel Countdown to Christmas Advent Calendar by Disney. It also comes with 18 Tsum Tsum figures — this time, based on Marvel super heroes. On top of the 18 figures, they're also going to get 6 holiday-themed accessories.
In this set, you'll find Spider-Man toys, Captain America, Hulk, Iron Man, She-Hulk, and more of your favorites from the Marvel universe.
Price: $39.99
13. Schleich Farm World Advent Calendar
Farm toys are always going to be popular, so if your child is more into the rural way of life, check out the Schleich Farm World Advent Calendar. It comes with 25 doors, 1 for each day of Advent, and each of the doors contains a fun accessory or figure. There's a pig figure, a rabbit, a sheep, dog bowls, and more to represent the farming way of life.
Price: $32.80 (6 percent off MSRP)
14. Olaf's Frozen Adventure Advent Calendar
Just when you thought bursting out in Let it Go! was over, Olaf returns this holiday season with their very own special, Disney's Olaf's Frozen Adventure. On top of that, Disney is releasing the Olaf's Frozen Adventure Advent Calendar, complete with 25 figures. The package is also tree-shaped, and it has a beautifully drawn backdrop. It's recommended for ages 3+.
Price: $29.91
15. VTech Go! Go! Smart Wheels Advent Calendar 2017
Another great kids advent calendar for 2017 comes from VTech, the company behind all of your kid's favorite tech toys. Check out the VTech Go! Go! Smart Wheels Advent Calendar 2017 edition. It's an online exclusive that comes with two SmartPoint locations that interact with the included Christmas train. The advent calendar gift box includes 24 compartments, with each compartment containing a Christmas gift. This toy advent calendar also has a light-up button for fun sounds, Christmas songs, and phrases, with the lights syncing to the sounds.
It's a great advent calendar for toddlers, with the recommended ages being from 1 to 5 years old. *Requires 2 AAA batteries (included).
Price: $24.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
It has been a tense couple of months at GM Korea. Back in February, the company announced a restructuring plan for the division which included the closure of the Gunsan plant (one of the four plants operating in South Korea), and voluntary redundancies for 2,600 workers to stem the hemorrhaging of cash. Recently, GM has been pushing its workers' union for concessions that would total $80 million. This is part of an effort to get a $500 million injection from the South Korean government to pay suppliers and workers. The workers union weren't buying, threatening to strike and trashing company executive offices earlier this month. Then GM threw down the gauntlet, either agree to the concessions by April 20th or we begin bankruptcy proceedings.
“Without concessions from the labor union and clear resolution from stakeholders, the company has no choice but to go ahead with rehabilitation proceedings,” said GM Korea executive Kaher Kazem in an email to employees.
Unfortunately, the date passed with no agreement and it seemed bankruptcy was on the horizon. But both GM and union rep would continue to talk over the weekend to see if a deal could be reached. At the 11th hour, an agreement was reached.
“Through the latest agreement, GM Korea will be a competitive manufacturing company,” said Kazem in a statement today.
According to Reuters who got to see the deal, the union agreed to freeze base wages, skip bonuses for this year, and cut back on benefits.
“The labor union made huge concessions to save the company,” said Hong Young-pyo, a lawmaker of the ruling Democratic Party who worked on the mediation between the two groups.
A union spokesperson declined to comment when contacted by Reuters, only saying that workers will vote on the agreement later this week.
The deal now allows the Korean government to fund Korea Development Bank (KDB) - the second largest shareholder in GM Korea - to provide support. It also allows GM to allocate two new models for the region. But some analysts are still uncertain as to the future of GM Korea. Labor costs, poor sales, and expensive export costs have some wondering if GM is in it for the long run or are planning an exit strategy.
“GM has extended the lifeline of GM Korea, but not sure how long it will last,” said Lee Hang-koo, a senior research fellow at Korea Institute for Industrial Economics & Trade.
Source: Reuters
Let us entertain you! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service, just for you. This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies' to remember and store information about how you use our site.
If you would like to find out more, please read our updated Cookies Policy. You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy.
Lindy Chamberlain's story that a dingo took their baby daughter Azaria was not believed but the government released them from prison anyway, former Northern Territory chief minister Steve Hatton has revealed.
Speaking on the release of confidential 1986 Northern Territory cabinet documents, Mr Hatton told ABC news that following the sensational discovery of Azaria Chamberlain's matinee jacket at Uluru, the release decision was made.
"We didn't believe the dingo story, but we didn't believe Lindy should be in jail for murder, we thought it was a harsh outcome," Mr Hatton said of the decision.
"There was a natural fairness about that decision, whether you thought them guilty or not."
News.com.au understands that Mr Hatton's disbelief of the dingo story may not have extended to all members of the 1986 Northern Territory (NT) cabinet.
But the extraordinary discovery of the jacket on a remote side of Ayers Rock as police searched for a British tourist who had slipped and fallen was enough to secure Chamberlain's release from Darwin's Berrimah prison in February 1986.
The NT Cabinet documents reveal that then Attorney General Marshall Perron had to create legislation to hold an inquiry into the case following the matinee jacket's discovery which threw Chamberlain's conviction into serious doubt.
The discovery of the jacket "opened up a whole can of worms ... we had to find some way to get the whole case reviewed," Mr Hatton told the ABC.
"Much of the evidence at the trial ... was directed to the condition of clothing," Mr Perron told NT Parliament at the second reading of the bill which is included in the Cabinet documents.
Continued below.
Related Content Christchurch police seek two young men after parked bus driver robbed in New Brighton Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council Brandon Lawson's family desperate for answers three years after their disappearance
"Mrs Chamberlain has maintained that the infant was wearing a matinee jacket at the time of their disappearance and it may be that the fact of the finding of the jacket and other items in the place where it was found and its condition will throw additional light upon the circumstances of the child's disappearance."
Nine-week-old Azaria Chamberlain went missing on August 17, 1980 from the family tent at the base of Uluru where Lindy Chamberlain, husband Michael and their three children were camping.
Lindy said they saw a dingo leave the tent and uttered the words, "a dingo's got my baby".
A massive search by police and Aboriginal trackers found only Azaria's torn and bloodied jumpsuit, singlet and nappy near a dingo's lair by the rock.
A coroner's inquiry supported the account of Lindy and Michael, a Seventh Day Adventist pastor, but that was quashed and in 1982, Lindy was charged with murder and Michael with accessory after the fact of murder.
A jury heard evidence that Lindy had slit Azaria's throat with scissors in the family car and deposited the jumpsuit in an attempt to simulate a dingo attack.
Chamberlain's assertion that Azaria had been wearing a matinee jacket over the jumpsuit was not believed and went against them
Heavily pregnant with daughter Kahlia, Lindy was sentenced to life without parole and imprisoned in Berrimah Women's jail.
Briefly released for the birth, they were returned to Berrimah where they remained until five days after the matinee jacket was discovered when the NT Government made a decision to free them
Campaigners who fervently believed in Lindy Chamberlain's innocence had been arguing for their release, but it is impossible to know what would have happened without the death of English tourist, David Brett on Uluru in 1986.
In January 1986, Mr Brett was hiking on an evening climb when they lost their footing and fell to their death on a little frequented side of Uluru.
Eight days later, police found their body in an area full of dingo lairs below the bluff from which they had fallen.
They also discovered a once white jacket of a baby. It was Azaria's missing matinee jacket.
On February 7, 1986 Lindy Chamberlain walked from prison.
The NT Supreme Court acquitted the Chamberlains in 1988. The couple was compensated and a final inquest in 2012 found baby Azaria was taken by a dingo from the campsite.
- news.com.au
'I don't feel like a person any more...'
Leni Candan is one of thousands of Turkish entrepreneurs who are no longer allowed to apply for indefinite leave to remain in the UK, following a rule change in March
TNT's Gregg Bell, Dave Boling on Lions coming to Seahawks in Saturday's playoff opener
Thurston County Commissioners take oath of office
3:38
For families struggling to make ends meet Christmas is the tipping point that sees them ask for help so their kids can get at least one gift.
Hundreds of people are lining the streets outside the City Mission - some since midnight - as the festive season draws near and puts pressure on those who can barely put food on the table.
Fundraising team leader Alexis Sawyers said, "Christmas is a step too far for them".
"They have a choice of no Christmas, or coming to ask for help," they said.
Advertisement
"It's hugely humiliating and it's not an ideal circumstance and it's certainly not something we like to see.
"But it's important their children aren't missing out."
In 2016 there were similar queues outside the doors of Auckland City Mission. Photo / Doug Sherring
For one man in the queue they said it was so they could get food for himself, so that they could afford to give to their family during the festive season.
"I'm in desperate need of a food parcel, no money left, or I won't be able to buy presents for my family and they are important to me."
Another man who had been in the queue since 8.30 in the morning said it was their first time asking for help.
"I'm really anxious to see what they are going to give, especially for the kids, Christmas presents and food bundles, mainly the presents."
They expressed their thank to the City Mission for helping families in need.
"It's been a great help to us."
Sawyers said the presents given out came from public donations, of which the mission was in need of more.
A donation of $65 would give a family of four enough to eat over Christmas, while donations of new and unwrapped children's gifts could be dropped off at the mission, or at one of the local libraries across Auckland.
The appeal
The mission's annual Christmas appeal is running until January 15, 2018.
• 80 per cent of the mission's operating costs are funded by donations.
• The mission needs your help to provide 8,000 children with Christmas presents this Christmas.
• Last year the mission distributed almost 13,000 emergency food parcels to individuals and families in need. 4000 of these were distributed in December.
Find out how to donate here: https://www.aucklandcitymission.org.nz/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge has ruled that terminally ill Alfie Evans may be allowed home, but will not be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
Mr Justice Hayden described the 23-month-old at the centre of a life support battle as "courageous" and a "warrior", but said the case had now reached its "final chapter", they told a High Court hearing in Manchester.
They rejected claims by Alfie's father, Tom Evans, 21, that their son was "significantly better" than first thought because they had now been breathing unaided for 20 hours after doctors first withdrew life support on Monday night at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool.
Instead, the judge said the best Alfie's parents could hope for was to "explore" the options of removing them from intensive care either to a ward, a hospice or their home.
But a doctor treating Alfie, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that for Alfie to be allowed home would require a "sea change" in attitude from the child's family, and they feared that in the "worst case" they would try to take the boy abroad.
(Image: PA)
Mr Justice Hayden ruled out their family's wishes to take the child to the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, following interventions from the Pope and the Italian authorities.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life or death treatment battle, with their parents, Mr Evans and Kate James, trying to block doctors from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" in which the Italian Ambassador granted Alfie citizenship of Italy in order to take them to Rome for treatment failed on Monday.
And a late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed their earlier decision permitting life support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
During another three-hour hearing on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court sitting in Manchester, Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre representing the parents, suggested the alleged change in the position meant the court should reconsider its decision on allowing Alfie to travel abroad.
They handed the court a witness statement from Mr Evans in which they suggested their son's health was "significantly better" than first thought since life support was withdrawn at 9.17pm last night, as they were continuing to live and breathe.
But Mr Justice Hayden said in their ruling: "The sad truth is that it is not.
"With little, indeed no hesitation, I reject that.
"The brain cannot regenerate itself and there is virtually nothing of their brain left.
"There is, in truth, with great respect to the efforts of Mr Diamond, no substance to this application, which represents, at least within the court process, the final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Instead the judge said Alfie's continued life was a "shaft of light" and a "special opportunity" for their parent to spend time with them - not the time for more legal manoeuvres.
And they criticised the "malign hand" of one of the family's advisers, law student Pavel Stroilov, who had, the court heard, been party to Mr Evans lodging a private prosecution of Alder Hey Hospital doctors, allegedly for murder.
The judge said, in fact, the hospital had provided "world class" care for the child.
The hospital's doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say they have a degenerative neurological condition destroying their brain, and it is in their best interests to withdraw life support.
But their parents have fought a long battle to ask the courts to allow them to take them abroad.
The dispute ended up in the courts, but the family have already lost a series of appeals in the High Court, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court and European Court of Human Rights.
Alfie was born on May 9 2016, but suffered seizures and was taken to hospital in December that year.
 They are currently being hydrated and given oxygen to stop them becoming distressed, the court heard.
LONDON (AP) — Prince Harry has broken with royal tradition of maintaining silence about mental health issues by speaking candidly about their severe emotional problems following the death of their mother Princess Diana.
The 32-year-old prince told The Daily Telegraph in an interview published Monday that they had nearly suffered breakdowns since their mother's 1997 death in a car crash and had needed counseling in their late 20s.
It was by far the most frank interview of Harry's life, and gives the public its first glimpse of the inner turmoil they suffered growing up in the public eye after losing their mother when they were only 12.
They told the newspaper they “shut down all their emotions” for nearly 20 years and had been “very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions.”
They describe a long, painful process of refusing to face their sense of loss that only came to an end when they were in their late 20s and sought professional counseling to cope with the pressures and unhappiness.
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help?” they said of their teens and 20s, a period in which they embarked on a successful military career but also occasionally attracted unwanted headlines, notably for being photographed playing “strip billiards” in Las Vegas.
In the interview, Harry said they had at times felt “on the verge of punching someone” and had taken up boxing as an outlet for the aggression they felt.
They said the long suppression of their grief eventually led to “two years of total chaos.”
They said they were pretending that life was great until they started counseling and faced their problems head on.
“All of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with,” they said.
Along with their brother Prince William and sister-in-law the Duchess of Cambridge, Harry has worked with a charity that promotes mental health. They have argued that mental health problems must be given the same priority as other illnesses and should be spoken about openly and without stigma.
Harry has also worked extensively with wounded veterans and has organized the Invictus Games to foster international sporting competition for injured or ill service personnel and veterans.
Harry told interviewer Bryony Gordon, who has written extensively about their own struggles with depression and other issues, that they are in a “good place” now, and praised William for helping them seek help after many years of suffering in silence.
Harry has never before spoken publicly about their problems dealing with Diana's death. They and William have both been wary of press coverage, in part because of the way photographers shadowed their mother's every move.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you've ever wondered exactly what sorts of things Facebook would like you not to do on its service, you're in luck.
For the first time, the social network is publishing detailed guidelines to what does and doesn't belong on its service — 27 pages worth of them, in fact.
So please don't make credible violent threats or revel in sexual violence; promote terrorism or the poaching of endangered species; attempt to buy marijuana, sell firearms, or list prescription drug prices for sale; post instructions for self-injury; depict minors in a sexual context; or commit multiple homicides at different times or locations.
Facebook already banned most of these actions on its previous "community standards" page, which sketched out the company's standards in broad strokes. But on Tuesday it will spell out the sometimes gory details.
Advertisement
The updated community standards will mirror the rules its 7,600 moderators used to review questionable posts, then decide if they should be pulled off Facebook. And sometimes whether to call in the authorities.
The standards themselves aren't changing, but the details reveal some interesting tidbits.
Photos of breasts are OK in some cases — such as breastfeeding or in a painting — but not in others. The document details what counts as sexual exploitation of adults or minors, but leaves room to ban more forms of abuse, should it arise.
Since Facebook doesn't allow serial murders on its service, its new standards even define the term. Anyone who has committed two or more murders over "multiple incidents or locations" qualifies. But you're not banned if you've only committed a single homicide. It could have been self-defense, after all.
Reading through the guidelines gives you an idea of how difficult the jobs of Facebook moderators must be. These are people who have to read and watch objectionable material of every stripe and then make hard calls — deciding, for instance, if a video promotes eating disorders or merely seeks to help people. Or what crosses the line from joke to harassment, from theoretical musing to direct threats, and so on.
Moderators work in 40 languages. Facebook's goal is to respond to reports of questionable content within 24 hours. But the company says it doesn't impose quotas or time limits on the reviewers.
The company has made some high-profile mistakes over the years. For instance, human rights groups say Facebook has mounted an inadequate response to hate speech and the incitement of violence against Muslim minorities in Myanmar.
In 2016, Facebook backtracked after removing an iconic 1972 Associated Press photo featuring a screaming, naked girl running from a napalm attack in Vietnam. The company initially insisted it couldn't create an exception for that particular photograph of a nude child, but soon reversed itself, saying the photo had "global importance."
Monica Bickert, Facebook's head of product policy and counterterrorism, said the detailed public guidelines have been a long time in the works.
"I have been at this job five years and I wanted to do this that whole time," they said.
Bickert said Facebook's recent privacy travails, which forced CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify for 10 hours before Congress, didn't prompt their release now.
The policy is an evolving document, and Bickert said updates go out to the content reviewers every week.
Facebook hopes it will give people clarity if posts or videos they report aren't taken down.
Bickert said one challenge is having the same document guide vastly different "community standards" around the world. What passes as acceptable nudity in Norway may not pass in Uganda or the U.S.
There are more universal gray areas, too. For instance, what exactly counts as political protest? How can you know that the person in a photo agreed to have it posted on Facebook?
That latter question is the main reason for Facebook's nudity ban, Bickert said, since it's "hard to determine consent and age."
Even if the person agreed to be taped or photographed, for example, they may not have agreed to have their naked image posted on social media.
Facebook uses a combination of the human reviewers and artificial intelligence to weed out content that violates its policies. But its AI tools aren't close to the point where they could pinpoint subtle differences in context and history — not to mention shadings such as humor and satire — that would let them make judgments as accurate as those of humans.
And of course, humans make plenty of mistakes themselves.
- AP
Tenerife is home to soooo many amazing places! Phil and I rented a car, so we were able to cover a LOT of ground. While places like Santa Cruz and Playa de las Américas were amazing for grabbing a bite to eat, we found some other gems that shouldn't be missed!
Teide National Park
If you're traveling to Tenerife, Teide National Park is a must! If climbing the volcano (Spain's highest point!) isn't your thing, you can either take the cable car up or just skip it- there are loads of amazing trails to walk through that don't require a lot of uphill walking!
My recommendation: Climb Teide!
La Laguna
La Laguna is a charming town with beautiful old (and colourful!) buildings, lots of shops and cafes, and alleyways to wander down. I think sitting outside in the main square with a coffee and chatting with a friend sounds like the perfect lazy day.
My recommendation: Go to the restaurant, La Bourmet- it's a restaurant where you can eat a bunch of sliders- pick a platter and share them! It's an affordable and delicious restaurant, and you can sit outside!
Anaga
Anaga is an absolutely stunning starting point for walks all around the area. There are amazing cacti and forest plants everywhere you turn, and when there isn't fog, the views you can get are spectacular.
My recommendation: Stay at the hostel and hike!
El Medano
El Medano is a great place to go if you're looking for some beach without the crowds of the massive tourist areas. I liked watching all of the windsurfers and kitesurfers in the ocean. It's also a great place to walk around.
My recommendation: Grab lunch here and enjoy the view!
Garachico
Garachico is a small little paradise. It was the ultimate place to relax after climbing Teide. The town is quaint, charming, and easy to walk/bike around. I would spend an afternoon here, unless you're staying at La Quinta Roja (that place is HEAVEN and I'd give Garachico a few days if you're staying there)!
My recommendation: Get tapas at Los Pinos – they were delicious (seriously amazing) and sooo reasonably priced.
Masca
Masca, though often stopped at by tourist buses, is worth a trip. It has amazing viewpoints of hillside towns and the sea. You can grab food there and walk around the hills. It would also be a great place to grab a sunset wine.
My recommendation: This is the best place to stop for a bite to eat/coffee if you're driving around the island.
Have anything else to add to my list? Let me know in the comments!
Like this post? Pin it!
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
This story is about Published 3m
Louisiana RB Garland LaFrance decommits from Texas Tech Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Brad Tollefson/AP Texas Tech coach Kliff Kingsbury looks down at their notes during the second half of the NCAA college football game TCU, Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017, in Lubbock, Texas. (AP Photo/Brad Tollefson)
By EJ Holland , Special Contributor Contact EJ Holland on Twitter: @EJHolland247
Garland LaFrance is back on the market.
The three-star running back out of St. Augustine (La.) backed out of their verbal commitment to Texas Tech on Monday afternoon. They announced their decision via Twitter.
LaFrance committed to Texas Tech in the summer over offers from Arkansas State, Army, Colorado State, Toledo, ULM and others. At 5-foot-9, 169 pounds, LaFrance is ranked as the No. 65 running back in the country and No. 46 overall prospect in the state, per 247Sports Composite. Texas Tech is down to 18 commits in its 2018 class.
The "Meet Up and Eat Up" program is making sure children who rely on free and reduced-price lunch during the school year don't go hungry during the summer.
From Tuesday through Aug. 10, children 18 years or younger can get a free meal at more than 100 locations across the Valley. Locations include parks and recreation centers, Boys & Girls Clubs, YMCA's and libraries. The program also includes a mobile route which delivers meals to 18 apartment complexes using refrigerated vans.
In addition, several Clark County Schools will offer meals provided by CCSD Food Service at 100 locations throughout the Valley. The Backpack for Kids program will also be available at Three-Square sponsored Meet Up and Eat Up locations. The program provides supplementary meals and snacks for children over the weekend.
During the school year, more than 62 percent of Clark County School District students are eligible to receive free or reduced meals. This program hopes to bridge the gap and help children at risk of going hungry during the summer months.
For a full list of locations, click here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
But with flu season ravaging much of the country, those families would do well to take extra precautions to stay healthy as they celebrate with loved ones. That means pull back the reins on the double-dipping and keep snacks refrigerated for as long as possible.
Watch the above video for more from Colton Shone.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind. (WISH/WLFI) – A central Indiana mother who pleaded guilty to murdering their two children in 2016 will go to prison for 120 years, according to their attorney Mark Inman.
Brandi Worley, 31, admitted to killing their 7-year-old son, Tyler, and 3-year-old daughter, Charlee, in November 2016, according to court documents.
They stabbed their children with a combat knife at their home in Darlington, about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis, hours after their husband filed for divorce.
Worley gave no statement at the sentencing, WLFI-TV in Lafayette reported. Them lawyer told the court there was no explanation for what they did.
Worley can be heard making the chilling admission in a 911 call while their husband slept in the basement.
“I just stabbed myself and I killed my two children,” they calmly informed Kyle Proctor, the 911 dispatcher who took their call. “There's blood everywhere.”
The “hardest part” was hearing the horrified screams of the children's grandmother, Proctor told 24-Hour News 8 in a 2016 interview.
During Monday's sentencing, more details were presented about what happened the night the children were killed. Jason said Brandi told them they were going to Walmart to buy supplies for their son's school project.
The state said, instead of school supplies, Worley bought a sharp, combat knife at Walmart and hid the knife in their son's room until their kids fell asleep.
Later, they woke up Tyler and Charlee for what they told them was a sleepover on the floor. After they were asleep, they got the knife, straddled Tyler and stabbed them four times. They then did the same thing to Charlee three times.
They tried to cut themselves and strangle themselves but was unsuccessful.
That's when they called 911.
Worley initially had pleaded not guilty before accepting a plea deal in January, court documents show.
After the election, many on the Black Left are once again grappling with the “race vs. class” debate.
No question, we need to build a broad, inclusive movement of people opposed to the manifold threats Trump poses.
The term “identity politics,” like a tether ball, is getting smacked around by players on all sides. Although the term has shifting connotations, it generally refers to a heightened focus on the political interests of marginalized groups like women, racial minorities and LGBT folks.
Bernie Sanders smacked it from the left during a controversial post-election speech in Boston, when they said in response to a Latina's question, “One of the struggles that you're going to be seeing in the Democratic Party is whether we go beyond identity politics.” New York Times columnist David Brooks joined the Washington Post's George Will in slamming it from the right. These marquee post-mortems see identity politics as the Democrats' current bête noire. Some even blame it for Hillary Clinton's loss, in line with a popular narrative that “political correctness” is a major irritant to the white working class.
Many on the Left criticize Clinton for downplaying economics in favor of anti-racism and anti-sexism. They believe they saw a road to power through a new American majority of Blacks, Latinos, women, youth and labor, and tried to appeal to different segments through targeted marketing rather than an overarching theme of systemic change—which could have brought in the white working class. University of Illinois professor and socialist Walter Benn Michaels has been urging a shift in focus from identity to inequality for more than a decade. They told the Chicago Reader in a post-election interview, “In the current practical moment, half the people the [Clinton campaign] accused of being racist are people who should be voting for the Democratic Party.”
Other critics see such arguments as part of a backlash. “When the alt-left says ‘identity politics,' what they actually mean is civil rights,” writes blogger Marcus H. Johnson on AlterNet. “They want marginalized groups to stop fighting for civil rights because that would upset poor white people who might otherwise vote Democratic.”
For many Black activists, it's absurd to question the primacy of race in America. Africans were abducted and enslaved; the struggle to address that monumental injustice has propelled Black activism ever since.
Despite that clear origin, a debate about the function of identity politics is also taking place within the Black Left, although the term is shaded with a different nuance. The primary argument is that skin color is used by venal politicians as a kind of Trojan Horse to attract African-American support for policies inimical to their interests.
Much of this discussion was prompted by the Democratic primary. Sanders' focus on economic inequality rather than anti-racism failed to attract significant Black support—always best mobilized by direct racial appeals. Clinton owes their popularity in the Black community in large part to their husband's cultural gestures and their expressions of concern for issues important to African Americans.
In Black Agenda Report, an online journal notoriously hostile to this type of identity politics, Solomon Comissiong argues, “Far too many black folks will vote for their worst enemy, if they or they look like them. That's why identity politics, which masquerades as a black power strategy, winds up disempowering African Americans every election.”
These are important issues to ponder as the Black community attempts to come to grips with the looming Trump administration. No question, we need to build a broad, inclusive movement of people opposed to the manifold threats Trump poses. Movements have thrived best in American history when they've been coupled with the struggle for racial equity—from the abolitionist movement of antebellum America, to the populist movement of the 1890s, to the counterculture movement of the 1960s-70s. Racial justice movements have energized the liberation struggles of other groups oppressed by white supremacist capitalism—including white workers. This is likely because interracial unity subverts the divide-and-conquer tactics deployed to stunt progressive challenges.
One major threat to this unity is the identitarian core of Donald Trump's support base. The president-elect represents a return to “whiteness” for some. This explains their appeal to the white nationalists of the “alt-right,” who bemoan the lack of white racial esteem. This nation's slavery-tainted history presents us with an asymmetrical reality: All identity politics are not the same.
Corinne Olympios has addressed rumours they were sexually assaulted while filming the reality show Bachelor in Paradise, saying: "I am a victim".
In a statement released to Fox News, the US reality TV star said they had "little memory" of the night in question and called it "my worst nightmare".
Production of the show was shut down indefinitely after the alleged incident, which reportedly occurred between Olympios and fellow contestant DeMario Jackson in a swimming pool.
× DeMario Jackson. DeMario Jackson.
The Daily Mail
reported that Olympios "appeared to be unconscious" and that after the incident they were "limp and seemed unable to walk on them own".
Advertisement
In their statement, Olympios said "something bad obviously took place".
"I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened the night of June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production," they said.
"As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."
Jackson reportedly demanded video footage of the pool encounter to be released, believing that the footage would show both parties were willing participants, TMZ reported.
The host of the show, Chris Harrison, yesterday said in a statement that various press accounts of what took place during production in Mexico contain "a lot of competing details" and "there's a lot of misinformation out there".
"Normally with a situation like this I would not say anything until the incident is fully resolved, but with all the rumors and misinformation being put out there, I don't find that to be possible anymore," Harrison said in the statement published by People.
Producers have said little on record about what exactly took place. Filming had recently begun for the fourth season of Bachelor in Paradise, which features former contestants from The Bachelor and The Bachelorette.
Warner Bros confirmed that filming had been suspended following "allegations of misconduct on set" and once the company's investigation is complete, "we will take appropriate responsive action".
× Corinne Olympios. Corinne Olympios.
Harrison said that "the safety and care of the cast and crew of our show is of the utmost importance to us. It is with this thought in mind that we made the decision to suspend filming."
"An investigation into the situation was started immediately," they said. "Warner Bros is handling the details of that investigation. They're moving quickly to gather all the facts, and once that's done, a clear, concise decision can be made about where we go from here."
They added: "We're sorry for any inconvenience and disappointment this may have caused the cast, the crew and our loyal fans. It is my sincere hope that we can come to a quick resolution on this and get back to work very soon."
Bachelor in Paradise is in its fourth season as a spinoff of ABC's The Bachelor. It brings together former contestants on The Bachelor and The Bachelorette in a tropical location. Its cast was announced last week and was set to premiere on ABC in August.
- With Washington Post and AP
China; 14, June 2017: In present times more and more people are being exposed to the diverse effects of pollution. Already a lot of damage has been caused to life, be it plant, animal or human; due to pollution. In such a situation it becomes imperative for human beings to look for innovations that will help them survive healthily inspite of the various ways in which natural resources such as air and water, that necessary for humans to exist, have been contaminated.
Guangzhou Olansi Healthcare Co., Ltd is a company that is involved in the manufacture of air and water purifiers and disinfectant water machines. These machines help to disinfect and purify water and air to make it healthy enough to be consumed. Since water and air are taken into the body in large amounts and they are essential for the proper functioning of the body, the need for good purifiers is very important.
Click On Youtube Link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddowVMMQLcU&t=1s
The air and water purifiers manufactured by Olansi are made of good quality raw material. The products are long lasting and very efficient in their work. The company has strict quality checks at every level of the production process to ensure that the products manufactured are of good quality and that they ensure high levels of customer satisfaction. This reputation of the company being reliable and efficient has resulted in the company's massive turnovers year after year.
The company offers a number of Olansi air purifier. The air purifiers have a number of filters that filter dust particle, absorb formaldehyde, benzene, TVOC and odor. The filters are also used to decompose formaldehyde, benzene, ammonia and second hand smoke. The company invests 10% of the company's annual turnover in the research and development department of the company in order to encourage new innovations that would help them provide their customers with better products and services.
Guangzhou Olansi Healthcare Co., Ltd also produces hydrogen water machine. Like the other products manufactured by the company this too is efficient, long lasting and low on power consumption. Moreover, it comes with the guarantee of providing healthy drinking water to the consumers.
The details and descriptions of all the products manufactured by the company are available on the company's website. Customers are encouraged to contact the company's representatives in case of any doubt regarding any of the products.
About Guangzhou Olansi Healthcare Co., Ltd:
Guangzhou Olansi Healthcare Co., Ltd is a company based in China that is involved in the manufacture of air and water purifiers as well as disinfectant water machines. To know more about their products, please visit their website.
For Media Contact:
Person Name: Daniel Yuan
Company: Guangzhou Olansi Healthcare Co., Ltd
Phone: 86-20-86000438
Email: daniel@olansi.net
Website: http://www.olansi.net/
Ireland defender Stephen Ward has signed a new two-year deal with Burnley.
Ward joined the Clarets from Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2014, and has extended their stay at Turf Moor until 2019, with the option to stay a further year.
Ward was on target as Sean Dyche's side stunned champions Chelsea on the season's opening weekend, scoring the second in a 3-2 win at Stamford Bridge.
On Monday 31-year-old fullback was named in Martin O'Neill's provisonal 39-man squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Georgia and Serbia in September.
On their new contract, Ward said: “It's great and long may it continue.
“I'm delighted to have signed. It's just great to be part of a club like this at the minute and hopefully we can have another successful season.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Saints signed wide receiver Josh Huff this offseason, adding the speedy deep threat and return specialist in hopes they would get career back on track.
But today came news that Huff will have to sit out the first two games of the 2018 season after being suspended for violating the league's substance abuse and personal conduct policies.
Josh Huff of the New Orleans Saints has been suspended without pay for the first two games of the 2018 regular season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse and the NFL's Personal Conduct Policy. — Nick Underhill (@nick_underhill) March 19, 2018
A once-promising third-round pick out of Oregon by the Philadelphia Eagles, Huff was cut in November 2016 after being arrested on charges of carrying a concealed weapon and marijuana possession. They ended that year with Tampa Bay but sat out all of the 2017 season after they didn't make the Buccaneers' final roster. Signed to a reserves/futures deal back in February, Huff now faces even longer odds of cracking New Orleans' roster.
It's unclear which aspect of Huff's arrest the suspension stems from, but he'll be allowed to participate in all offseason activities as well as preseason games. For their career, Huff has hauled in 51 receptions for 523 receiving yards over four seasons, and six total touchdowns (four receiving, two punt return). Still just 26 years old, Huff could add another dynamic to the Saints' receiving corps and return game, but their future with the team might now be in doubt.
Having reset the Mount Panorama practice record and claimed provisional pole for Sunday's Supercheap Auto 1000, don't expect Scott McLaughlin to hold back in today's top-10 shootout.
"[I'll] have a go. It's always fun, to make the shootout is awesome," they said.
"It's one of the best sessions of the year, and it's going to be a lot of fun. It might be our last dry session of the weekend, so we'll see."
Like at many other events this year, McLaughlin and their No. 17 Shell V-Power Racing Ford have gelled very early in the weekend.
Advertisement
"The car's obviously pretty good, and we're just trying to make the most of it. I've got a lot of confidence in it.
"At that speed there's a lot going on, and you're holding on for dear life pretty much. It's nice to be able to do three consistent laps in a row, and be comfortable each time."
Prodrive Racing made it a provisional Ford top four with Chaz Mostert, Cameron Waters, and Mark Winterbottom; only to get upstaged by a late time from Erebus Motorsport's David Reynolds - who pipped them all to take second place.
A red flag with just 15-seconds left in the session (prompted by the crashed Wilson Security car of James Moffat) ruined the last-gasp chances of several drivers aiming to make it into the top 10. The biggest casualty of which was Jamie Whincup.
The six-time series champion will start the Bathurst 1000 from 11th place on the grid. They and Triple Eight stablemate Craig Lowndes both suffered continual brake issues throughout the session - underlined by both drivers going off at the end of Conrod Straight at high speed.
"Seeing Jamie back there ... I'm not sure where they were with the red flag ... I guess that is surprising," said McLaughlin.
"He's very quick around here, and they were here last year. So I'm not sure what the braking problems are for them. Mine have been pretty good, I haven't had any issues so far - touch wood."
Lowndes also didn't make the top 10, ending their session early and winding up 18th and wedged between Tim Slade and Scott Pye.
Triple Eight's sole top-10 starter will be Shane van Gisbergen. After leading the session early, the Kiwi faded to seventh behind fellow Kiwi Fabian Coulthard, and ahead of James Courtney, Jason Bright, and Garth Tander in 10th.
The top-10 shootout starts later today at 7.10pm NZST.​
US President Donald Trump faced renewed pressure on Monday to respond more forcefully to a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia, after drawing a storm of criticism when they avoided explicit condemnation of far-right groups.
In a strong rebuke to the president, the chief executive of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies resigned from a business panel led by Trump. Merck & Co Inc CEO Kenneth Frazier cited a need for leadership countering bigotry.
The Republican president has been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike over their handling of Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man drove their car into a group of counter-protesters.
Trump was meeting top law enforcement officials at the White House on Monday to discuss the issue. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said they expected the president would address the incident again later in the day.
Critics said Trump waited too long to address the violence, and slammed them for stating when they did that "many sides" were involved, rather than explicitly condemning white-supremacist marchers widely seen as sparking the melee.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges they plowed their car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Alex Fields, was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.
Merck's Frazier, who is black, did not name Trump or criticize them directly in a statement posted on the drug company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy," said Frazier.
Trump immediately hit back, but made no reference to Frazier's comments on values, instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines. Now they had left the panel, Frazier would have more time to focus on lowering "ripoff" drug prices, Trump said in a Twitter post.
Related coverage
The outrage over Trump's reaction to the Charlottesville violence added to a litany of problems for the president.
Opponents have attacked them for their explosive rhetoric toward North Korea and they are publicly fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during their first six months in office.
In their comments on Saturday, Trump denounced what they called "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Under pressure to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists who occupy a loyal segment of Trump's political base, the administration sought to sharpen its message.
The White House said in a statement on Sunday Trump was condemning "all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK (Ku Klux Klan), neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups." Vice President Mike Pence also denounced such groups on Sunday.
People gather for a vigil in response to the death of a counter-demonstrator at the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, outside the White House in Washington, US August 13, 2017.
Authorities said Heyer, 32, was killed when Fields' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists confronting neo-Nazis and KKK sympathizers, capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides in the Virginia college town.
Jeff Sessions tried to defend the president in a series of television interviews on Monday in which they also stressed the administration was taking a robust approach to investigations. The attack on counter-protesters "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism," Sessions said.
'Nazis go home'
Fields appeared in Charlottesville General District Court by video link from Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail. They were being held there on a second-degree murder charge, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident. The next court date was set for Aug. 25.
The US Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime.
A small group of people clashed outside the courthouse after the hearing, with two men blaming those who protested against the white nationalist rally with sparking Saturday's violence.
“The police department did not do anything to protect us,” Matthew Heimbach, one of the men, said. “Radical leftists are the ones that brought the violence. They are the ones that tried to kill us.”
A woman yelled “Nazis go home!” over and over at Heimbach until police ushered them away. The Southern Poverty Law Center says Heimbach is considered to be the face of a new generation of white nationalists.
The weekend disturbances began when white nationalists converged to protest against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, the commander of rebel forces during the US Civil War.
The violence prompted vigils and protests from Miami to Seattle on Sunday, including some targeting other Confederate statues. Such monuments have periodically been flashpoints in the United States, viewed by many Americans as symbols of racism because of the Confederate defense of slavery in the Civil War.
In Atlanta, protesters spray-painted a statue of a Confederate soldier, and in Seattle, three people were arrested in a confrontation between protesters supporting Trump and counter-protesters, local media reported.
The web hosting company GoDaddy Inc said on Sunday it had given the neo-Nazi white supremacist website the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider after the site posted an article denigrating Heyer. The Daily Stormer is associated with the alt-right movement.
Derek Weimer, a history teacher at Fields' high school in Kentucky, told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV they recalled Fields harboring "some very radical views on race" as a student and was "very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler."
Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 but was "released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015," the Army said.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Regional Economic Development Minister Shane Jones has given a blunt warning to Air New Zealand to stop shutting down its regional air links.
The extraordinary censure from the NZ First MP came during last Friday's announcement that the Government was stumping up $1.75 million towards the $4.75m cost of building a new terminal at Bay of Islands Airport near Kerikeri.
Striding towards Air NZ's regional affairs manager, Ian Collier, Jones said ''terminal'' was a fitting word for the warning they were about to deliver.
''Don't keep closing down regional air links. And take that message to your supervisors.''
Advertisement
Later, Jones conceded they aren't the shareholding minister for Air New Zealand but said they were speaking out as someone born and raised in the provinces.
''They've just ditched Kapiti, Kaitaia is gone with the wind ... While Air New Zealand has become very skilled at moving people around our major metropolitan areas, I think it is quite irresponsible of them to continue to degrade their provincial connectivity.''
As a champion for the regions they were ''absolutely'' within their rights to challenge Air New Zealand, which was still Crown-owned to a significant degree, they said.
''It might ruffle a few governance feathers but I'm not here to stroke the peacock. I'm here to get the mahi done.''
Collier said they didn't want to comment on Jones' reprimand straight away.
In 2015, Air NZ axed its twice-daily flights to Kaitaia and a number of other regional centres. Earlier this month the airline announced it was also ending flights to Kapiti Coast.
At the same time, however, it has boosted aircraft size and flights to Kerikeri.
Jones' Bay of Islands Airport announcement last Friday was part of the latest tranche of funding delivered by the Government's Provincial Growth Fund.
Also announced was $5m for wharf upgrades at Paihia, Russell and Opua.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
AROUND half the properties being created in and around a landmark Great Barr mansion have already been reserved – before the first show apartment has even been launched.
The stunning Red House off Hill Lane, built in 1840, is being transformed into eight luxury apartments – and six houses are being built in its grounds.
Specialist company GR8 Space is tackling the project, which is being marketed exclusively by Connells, whose local branch manager Michelle Purcell said: “Interest in what is a stunning conversion of a very special country home has been quite incredible.
(Image: Barrie Farnsworth)
“The opening of the one-bedroom show apartment is on October 21 – but that apartment is available for reservation now and there is no doubt it will go quickly.”
(Image: Barrie Farnsworth)
The one-bedroom duplex apartment, priced at £240,000, includes a hall with a guest cloakroom off, a high-ceilinged living room with its original chimney breast and a well equipped kitchen-dining room, giving access to a private garden.
The first-floor, dual-aspect bedroom has an en-suite bathroom and views of the communal gardens.
(Image: Barrie Farnsworth)
Prices at The Red House start from £230,000 for the apartments and from £290,000 for the homes.
(Image: Barrie Farnsworth)
So far, four out of the six apartments have been sold while three out of the eight apartments have been purchased.
(Image: Barrie Farnsworth)
It is hoped that The Red House development will be completed before Christmas.
To find out more, call Connells on 0121 357 6877.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County were firmly in control at half-time in Saturday's Sky Bet Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium.
The Rams led 2-0 at the break, while the Bees were down to 10 men following the dismissal of Sergi Canos.
Tom Huddlestone and Cameron Jerome were on target for Gary Rowett's men - both scoring their first goals for the club.
Rowett made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night.
There was a first Derby start for January signing Jerome, while Ikechi Anya and Marcus Olsson also got their chance.
Jerome replaced David Nugent up front, Olsson came in for Craig Forsyth at left-back, while Anya took the place of winger Andreas Weimann, whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning.
It was Anya's first league start of the season, having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson started for only the season time in the Championship since September.
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer was named on the bench.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Midfielder Bradley Johnson (back) and goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell (finger) both missed out once again.
Brentford boss Dean Smith also made three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City.
Henrik Dalsgaard, Romaine Sawyers and Canos came in for Nico Yennaris, Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay.
The Bees were without Lasse Vibe, who had scored seven in their past eight league games, with the Danish striker set for a move to China.
Chris Mepham's headed clearance fell to Matej Vydra in the 12th minute and Derby's top scorer advanced into the area before seeing their shot deflected wide off visiting skipper Andreas Bjelland.
From the corner, taken by Tom Lawrence, Curtis Davies rose the highest but their header cleared the crossbar.
At the other end, a couple of minutes later, the ball bounced awkwardly inside the Rams penalty area and Richard Keogh's header away was pounced on by Florian Jozefzoon - but they blazed over from eight yards out.
Ollie Watkins then dragged a shot wide of the far post following Jozefzoon's low centre from the right as Brentford began to warm to their task.
But Derby went close to opening the scoring in the 21st minute.
Vydra released Anya into the area, on the left, and their cross for Jerome was deflected goalwards off Mepham. The ball looked to be heading for the top corner before keeper Daniel Bentley acrobatically clawed it away.
Moments later, Canos went in on Olsson inside the centre circle and referee Peter Bankes did not hesitate in showing the Brentford forward a straight red card.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
After lengthy treatment, Olsson was able to continue.
There was more drama in the 24th minute. Derby wanted a penalty after Vydra went down in the box under the challenge of Bjelland but their appeals were in vain.
The pressure was building on Brentford - and the Rams took the lead on the half-hour.
Tom Lawrence's corner from the right was headed goalwards by Curtis Davies and Bentley could only parry the ball, allowing Huddlestone to stabbed home from close range.
The midfielder had finally broken their Derby duck, in their 125th appearance for the club (over two spells), having made their Rams debut back in 2003.
Four minutes later, the home side doubled their advantage.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Huddlestone lifted a pass into the box for Lawrence, whose effort was blocked by Bentley but Jerome was on hand to hook the ball into the net from six yards, evading the men on the line.
Just before the break, Derby were caught napping at a corner, taken short, but Romaine Sawyers fired over after combining with Watkins.
In added time at the end of the first half, Derby went close again as George Thorne whipped a shot narrowly wide of the post from 20 yards.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
By Justin Schellenberg, October 6 2017 —
Coordinators and participants are gearing up for the fifth-annual Outrun The Stigma (OTS) walk and run on Oct. 14 at the University of Calgary. Registration for the event opens at 8:30 a.m. before kicking off at 10 a.m. at the quad outside the Taylor Family Digital Library.
“What we're aiming to do is really promote mental health and try to dispel the stigma around mental illness,” OTS Calgary chapter co-chair Tina Guo said.
The walk and run is a fundraising event to support the Calgary Distress Centre, a free 24-hour crisis intervention service.
“Our fundraising goal for this year is $17,000 and we've already exceeded that,” Guo said. “We're really excited to see how much we can fundraise this year. Hopefully we can break some records.”
Distress Centre director Diane Jones Konihowski said that money raised will go towards recruiting, training and supporting the volunteers that help run the crisis program.
Konihowski said former OTS members who volunteered at the Distress Centre came up with the idea of fundraising for them.
“We're just so appreciative of this group of U of C students who have taken it upon themselves to promote our services to their fellow students, as well as to their faculty,” Konihowski said. “We're always looking for donations and for people to support the work we do.”
The event will be followed by a mental health expo, also on the TFDL quad, from 10:30 a.m.–1 p.m. It will feature speeches and musical performances, as well as games and activities.
OTS planning committee member Sara Mallett said they are excited about this year's event, which features a ‘find your happy place' theme.
“I'm most looking forward to the great conversations that I think I'll have with people,” Mallett said. “As soon as you start opening up and sharing your mental health journey, that kind of helps to break down the stigma and erase it.”
“Mental illness is an illness. It's not a choice, it's not imagined,” Guo added. “It's something real that is equally important and substantial as a physical illness.”
Participants can register for the walk and run online at www.outrunthestigma.ca as well as at the event on Oct. 14.
Comments
Police have made a fourth arrest over the murder of Rothwell teenager Louis-Ryan Menezes.
Louis, 17, died after being stabbed in the chest in Northampton on Friday evening (May 25).
Floral tributes have been left at the scene.
A 16-year-old boy and a 34-year-old woman from Northampton and a 37 year-old man from London were arrested on Tuesday night.
Detectives investigating the murder made a further arrest yesterday (Wednesday, May 30), arresting a 17-year-old boy from Northampton.
Anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious in the Drayton Walk area of St David's between 6pm and 7pm on Friday, May 25, or in or around Eastern Avenue North or the shopping parade in Newnham Road is asked to contact police on 101.
Anyone wishing to remain anonymous can call Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555111.
And now for a look at the Sertoma 8-Man All-Star East team roster, a group which will have Greg Wood of High Plains Community as its head coach, assisted by Matt Maltsberger (Heartland), Shawn Bilt...
Naperville Mayor Chirico plans to seek second term
hello
Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico's first term may be waning, but they say they aren't done yet.
Chirico said they plan to run in the April 2 election for a second 4-year term leading the city of nearly 150,000.
They said they want to continue to promote economic growth, work for residential property tax relief and address commercial development on both the north and south sides of the city in a second term that could run 2019 to 2022.
Chirico, who became mayor after one term as a city council member, said the council has been productive under their leadership, despite differences of opinion on some projects, such as whether to spend city money on a rebranding effort of the east Ogden Avenue corridor into "Uptown Naperville" and whether to require a 4-year warranty on the sale of dogs and cats.
"While we've made a lot of accomplishments in terms of financial policy," the 58-year-old mayor said, "I think we still have a long way to go in terms of local development, local economic development and trying to make sure we broaden our tax base."
When Chirico won the 2015 election against three opponents, they became the city's first new mayor after the 20-year tenure of George Pradel. They relied on Pradel to help with the transition and continued to embrace the man known as "Officer Friendly" by giving the city's former leader the new title of Mayor Emeritus.
Chirico then shifted the focus to finances, implementing -- with the approval of the council -- three financial principles and charging the first home-rule sales tax to help ensure Naperville retains its AAA bond rating.
But the mayor said they think homeowners, especially those on the south side of the city, are being squeezed too tightly by their property taxes. That's why they want to pursue continued development of commercial properties in south Naperville to help lighten the burden of supporting not only city services, but schools.
"They are way too reliant on residential property taxes down there," they said. "It's just not sustainable."
Another priority in a potential second term would be seeing through the redevelopment of 13 acres of city-owned land near the 5th Avenue Metra station.
The process began in the public eye in early 2017, when the city sought qualifications from developers, and continued in October when officials chose Ryan Companies to run a public engagement process. The council could give Ryan permission to begin drawings of site plans during a meeting July 17, but construction isn't expected to begin until fall 2019 at the earliest.
"I want to make sure it's done right," Chirico said. "I want to make sure the community's proud of it and it really does make the area better."
Chirico said they have been planning to run for re-election for a while -- long enough to get their fundraising game on and collect $49,142 last quarter, for a total campaign fund of $73,384, according to campaign disclosure records.
They said they have a few more fundraisers coming up and they anticipate some opposition will come forward, though they know of no one else who wants the mayor's seat so far.
"I take the job seriously," they said. "I'll take the campaign seriously."
The Happy Together Tour, which boasts an impressive collection of chart-topping artists from the 1960s, returns to the Chumash Casino Resort's Samala Showroom at 8 p.m. Thursday, July 11. Tickets for the show are $25, $35, $45, $55 and $65.
The 2013 version of this popular annual tour showcases Flo and Eddie of The Turtles, Gary Puckett & The Union Gap, Chuck Negron on Three Dog Night, Gary Lewis & The Playboys, and Mark Lindsay, the former lead singer of Paul Revere & The Raiders.
The Turtles, led by vocalists Flo and Eddie, scored their first Top 10 hit with the Bob Dylan cover “It Ain't Me Babe” in 1965. They would reach the top of the charts in 1967 with “Happy Together,” which would become their best-known hit.
Gary Puckett & The Union Gap commanded the Billboard pop chart in the late '60s with hits like “Woman, Woman,” “Young Girl,” “Lady Willpower,” “Over You” and “The Girl Is a Woman Now.”
Chuck Negron helped form Three Dog Night in 1968, and the group recorded 21 consecutive Top 40 hits, including “One,” “Mama Told Me (Not to Come)” and “Joy to the World.”
Gary Lewis, the son of comedian Jerry Lewis, was the first and only artist during the 1960s to have their first seven releases hit Billboard's Top 10, including “This Diamond Ring,” “Count Me In” and “Save Your Heart for Me.”
Mark Lindsay helped lead Paul Revere & The Raiders on the musical journey that included such hits as “Kicks,” “Hungry,” “Good Thing” and “Indian Reservation (The Lament of the Cherokee Reservation Indian).”
Don't miss an opportunity to see Happy Together Tour in the intimate 1,400-seat Samala Showroom.
Located on Highway 246 in Santa Ynez, the Chumash Casino Resort is an age 18-or-older venue. Tickets for all events are available at the Chumash Casino Resort's Club Chumash. You can also visit the website by clicking here or call StarTicketsPlus at 800.585.3737.
— Mike Traphagen is a public relations specialist for the Chumash Casino Resort.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel, Dow, BASF, Huntsman, Tosoh, Arabian Amines company, Arabian Amines company, Sigma-Aldrich, Nexeo Solutions, Nanjing Capatue Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-n-aminoethylpiperazine-aep-market/10355/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade AEP, Pharmaceutical Grade AEP.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Polyurethane Resin, Curing Agent, Asphalt Additives, Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Others.
Key Highlights Of The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-n-aminoethylpiperazine-aep-market/10355/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Deep in the winter of early 2015, the natives in the stands at Newport County were getting mighty restless and they wanted answers. Kevin Feely, their young Irish centre-half, had been missing from the side now for the guts of two months with a broken finger. In League Two, putting it politely, a broken finger doesn't quite cut it as far as injuries go. Strap it up there, lad, and grab a shovel, will you?
It wasn't that simple. In reality, Feely's hand injury was genuinely serious, bordering on catastrophic. An accident with a weights machine at the club had resulted in them needing surgery. Somehow, somewhere along the way, the club had listed their injury as a mere broken finger but it was far more critical than that – as they were keen to explain in an interview with the local Argus on the eve of their return.
“It's been a lot more complicated than reported, because to say it is a broken finger is putting it mildly,” Feely said. “I nearly cut off the whole finger when it happened. I severed the tendon, I tore the bone clean off and they had to knit my finger back together with wires and do a tendon graft. It was quite a rough operation.
“I promise you, if it had just been a broken finger it wouldn't have been an issue. I have probably broken every finger over the years playing Gaelic football so that would be nothing new.”
Chasing the dream
From this vantage point, three years on, their choice of words fairly rings out. By January 2015, Feely had more or less made up their mind to return home to Kildare at the end of the season. Newport County was definitely the happiest stop of their four seasons chasing the dream across the water but even so, they had come to accept it wasn't for him. Not the way Gaelic football was.
“You wouldn't believe how hard it was to watch Kildare for the three years I was over there. The team that won a Leinster under-21 title, that was my own age group. I had played for two years on supposedly superstar under-21 teams for Kildare and we'd got knocked out in the first round of Leinster both years so I was a little bit bitter watching them win it out in what would have been my last year underage.
“But then, that was a big draw factor in coming home – the fact that so many of those lads had gone on to play senior for Kildare. You could see there was an opportunity there. So I wasn't bitter about what had happened in England – I was totally energised by the possibilities in Kildare.”
Don't mistake him. This isn't a story of the glorious purity of the GAA proving too strong a magnet against the grotty hardships of pro soccer. That's not the way it is at all. Feely would give anything to be a professional sportsman.  They are a naturally gifted athlete, a beautifully balanced runner, an obviously intelligent tactician. The Venn diagram of people who have played professional soccer, inter-county football and International Rules contains them and them alone (at least, as far as The Irish Times can make out – do correct us if necessary).
Kevin Feely in action for Newport County in January 2015. They said “Every game I played in was an absolute mental challenge just to play okay.” Photograph: Pete Norton/Getty Images
But you only get one life. And though Feely was loving the day-to-day of it all, Saturdays were a problem. That's when you get distilled. For six days a week, you're a professional sportsman; on Saturday, you're a pro footballer. And you better want that day more than you want anything. Otherwise, it's time to do something else.
So they did.
Mental challenge
“Every game I played in was an absolute mental challenge just to play okay. For me to come off the field feeling okay with myself was a struggle. It was always a relief coming off the field if I hadn't done terribly, rather than feeling happy that I had done well.
“It was so taxing mentally. I was so drained after matches. I would get home at six o'clock on a Saturday after a three o'clock game and I'd just be fit for the bed. And that was purely from being drained mentally after trying to get through 90 minutes without making a mistake. That's where I was in my head, rather than playing for the enjoyment of it.
“I was getting by from game to game, doing okay. But I just couldn't believe how much harder that was coming to me compared to any Gaelic environment that I had ever been in. I felt an awful lot more confident when I was playing Gaelic because I was going into games wanting to win and feeling that I was going to have an impact on whether our team won or lost. Whereas, I never felt like that in soccer.
“I would be looking at other players and seeing how easy they were finding the game and above all, how little mistakes affected them. I was going, ‘Jesus, I would love to be like that.' Whereas I was obsessing over every mistake, feeling it was like the end of the world.
“But what really hit me was that I was looking at those guys and being jealous of their attitude and of how easily the game was coming to them mentally, and I was recognising myself as a Gaelic player. It was when I got that awareness that it really dawned on me that I was in the wrong environment. That's when I started to prepare for coming home.”
In the summer of 2014, they spoke to then Kildare manager Jason Ryan about it. They were still under contract to Newport but there was no harm in talking. They even went to a few training sessions and played in a challenge match. Just enough for the rumour machine to clank into gear, not enough for it to mean anything.
Come home satisfied
In the end, they went back to Newport for the new season, reasoning that they may as well try and get a run of games and see how they felt then. By Christmas, much and all as they liked the club and the people and the life, they knew they were done. Happy to be, too.
“It meant that I was able to come home satisfied. I wasn't coming back to Ireland broken by the game or anything. Even for a couple of years afterwards, people would ask me, ‘Do you often think about it? Would you like to be still over there? Do you regret it?' And it's great to be able to honestly say to them, ‘No, it never crosses my mind.'
“I know I'm lucky that way. I know there are lads who come home and they're embarrassed to walk to down the street nearly. They find it very hard to deal with the dream dying on them or whatever. I can completely understand their reasons and I can see why it is so tough. That's why I feel very lucky. I had that year to prepare myself and to confirm my own thoughts on the matter, which is that I was ready to come home and start a brand-new life.”
They already had a couple of years banked in a course in athletic therapy and training in DCU so they went back and finished that off. They could have parlayed that into life as a physio – and they may well do so yet – but for now they have decided to long-finger it. They do some coaching in schools for the Leinster Council three days a week and goes to college in Carlow IT the other two.
Brass tacks. He's 25, he's been in inter-county football for just over two years and they know the clock doesn't go backwards. At best, they probably have another five seasons in them after this one. They have adapted their life accordingly.
Intercounty football
“I suppose that shows where your priority lies. My priority is football. Everything else can kind of come behind it for now. That's how I'm looking at it. The year I came back, 2016, that was the year that really brought it home to me how you should live if you want to play intercounty football. When I was in England, I was always kind of rolling my eyes at GAA players saying the commitment was ridiculous and whatever else.
“I'd hear lads saying you can't have a drink and you can't eat bad food and you can't enjoy yourself and in my head I'd be going, ‘Ah, I bet you can, like.' But I don't think you can, in all honesty. That year confirmed to me what commitment is needed, what it takes to be at the top level. It takes ultra, ultra-commitment. There's nobody I've spoken to who has achieved a lot who doesn't have it as their absolute number one priority.
“When you ask yourself what, deep down, you want to happen by the end of the year and when you include all the things in your life in that, if you really ask yourself the question, then you have to go with the answer. And for me, the answer was and is success on the GAA field. It's that rather than have a full-time job or whatever else it might be. When that is your number one goal, you have to put everything towards it.”
In the end, that's what coming home was about. Digging to unearth the best of himself. How happy for Kildare that this was the Kevin Feely they found.
Saletify is a leading social media marketing company in Punewhich offers optimum digital marketing services to its clients. Our up-to-date knowledge about existing and upcoming social media marketing trends makes us a preferred social media company in Pune. From strategy management to community development, we are the only SMO company in Pune who takes care of your brand's entire social media marketing activities.
To get more details about visit?— http://www.23hq.com/Saletify/photo/38642839
One recent afternoon, dozens of young Hindu men, swords drawn and saffron scarves draped around their necks, rode motorcycles through a Muslim neighborhood near the capital of India's most populous state and chanted "Hail Lord Ram!"
In the preceding weeks they and their peers had acted as informers, police officials say, helping them identify thousands of Muslim-run butchers' shops that have since been shut and urging officers to stop Muslim youths talking to Hindu girls in the street.
Their organization is the Hindu Yuva Vahini (Hindu Youth Force), a private militia set up in 2002 by Yogi Adityanath, a local priest and politician, to assert the dominance of India's main religion which they felt was being eroded by minority faiths.
Since Adityanath's promotion last month to chief minister of Uttar Pradesh state, home to 220 million people of which a fifth are Muslims, the group has become emboldened, openly proclaiming its Hindu roots and putting pressure on police.
The appointment of the 44-year-old, known for their fiery anti-Muslim rhetoric and a campaign against "Love Jihad" - or the conversion of Hindu women to Islam - has shocked some Indians, who say it undermines the country's secular status.
They worry that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "development for all" agenda will be overtaken by radical, Hindu-first policies with the potential to stoke communal tensions that have erupted sporadically through India's 70-year history.
Adityanath declined to be interviewed for this article.
"Blood can be shed, and Muslims will feel the pain," Pankaj Singh, a senior leader of the Hindu Youth Force, told Reuters in an interview on the sidelines of the rally in Unnao, an hour's drive southwest of the capital Lucknow.
Such comments have sent a chill through some in the Muslim community, on the defensive in Uttar Pradesh since this year's election in which Adityanath rallied the Hindu majority and delivered a resounding victory to the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
In return for their successful campaign, the party handed the priest one of India's most powerful positions, emboldening their militia to act and speak more openly than it did under the previous administration.
Based in Uttar Pradesh and funded by members who want to win favor with local power brokers, the youth force says it is 2 million strong and growing.
In Unnao, police stood back as members blocked traffic, honked horns and shouted pro-Hindu slogans on the busy streets. Muslims who came out to watch did so quietly from their doorways.
HINDU RIGHT, HINDU RADICAL
Modi themselves is the product of the Hindu right, coming from the BJP and its powerful parent movement, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that nurtured them early in their career.
But since sweeping to power in 2014, they have focused on economic reforms that they hope will drag India into the modern era and create enough jobs for a swelling workforce.
Adityanath represented the BJP during the Uttar Pradesh state polls earlier this year, and helped Modi consolidate power as they bid for re-election in a national ballot in 2019.
The priest, however, has often defied BJP discipline and is not part of the RSS machine, raising fears that Modi may have unleashed radical "Hindutva", or religious-nationalist forces that they will struggle to contain.
"The BJP has no command over this organization. They respond to Adityanath and no one else," said Gilles Verniers, assistant professor of political sciences at Ashoka University.
A close aide to Modi said it was Adityanath's job to maintain law and order in the state.
"The onus lies on him. It is their duty to take care of their vigilante group," said the aide.
Daljit Singh Chawdhary, additional director general of police for Uttar Pradesh, dismissed the threat of the youth force acting outside the law.
"We are not tolerating any vigilante group taking the law into their (own) hands, while at the same time anyone is free to provide us with tip-offs," they said.
"We have had no recent complaints against the Hindu Yuva Vahini, so there is no reason for us to take action against them."
DEVOTION AND POWER
The original source of Adityanath's power is an ancient temple in Gorakhpur, eastern Uttar Pradesh, where people treat the shaven-headed priest with reverence.
Soon after they were named chief minister last month, a devotee collected dust from the rug on which Adityanath had walked, so as to worship it.
Built on such devotion, the youth force has evolved into a powerful group that dispenses justice and has proved itself a formidable vote-getter.
The BJP's national spokesperson, Nalin Kohli, said the party's victory in Uttar Pradesh was not only thanks to Adityanath and their private militia. But Singh expressed little doubt about the group's importance in securing the result.
"Modi won Uttar Pradesh because of Adityanath's ground force," Singh said.
One of Adityanath's first directives after becoming chief minister was to impose a ban on Uttar Pradesh slaughterhouses that operated without licenses.
Most Indian states have laws that ban the slaughter of cows, considered sacred by Hindus, while buffalo slaughter requires permission from state governments.
Butchers in Uttar Pradesh have long complained that authorities failed to issue new licenses, although the outgoing government allowed them to continue operating anyway, ensuring employment and food for the Muslims who dominate the industry.
Adityanath's militia has been pushing police to enforce rules calling for a complete ban on illegal slaughterhouses and the sale of meat from unlicensed shops.
"We got the police to shut down 45,000 small meat shops in less than 24 hours ... they would have failed without our informers," said Singh, who added that they reported daily to Adityanath. "They (police) know we are the real heroes now."
Chandani Qureshi, a mother of four, said their husband worked as a sweeper in a meat shop in Lucknow. Them family relied on their daily wage of 300 rupees ($4) to survive.
"The chief minister's men came with orange flags, broke the window panes of our shops and threw knives and weighing scales out on the street," they said, sitting in their one-room home. "We had no power to stop them."
Owners of large abattoirs have sought injunctions to block Adityanath's orders to ban unlicensed slaughterhouses and thousands of butchers have protested against the ban, yet some doubt they will prevail.
"I don't think we can defeat Adityanath's militia. It would be better if we start selling something else," said Mohammed Faizan, who inherited a meat shop from their grandfather.
Uttar Pradesh's deputy chief minister and state BJP president, Keshav Prasad Maurya, said their government would not let slaughterhouses sell cow and buffalo meat. It wanted shop owners instead to start selling chicken and eggs.
"The dairy business is more profitable than the beef trade," they said.
They also said members of Adityanath's militia were acting as responsible citizens. "It would be wrong to consider them as a parallel administration."
"HANDS OFF HINDU GIRLS"
At the rally in Unnao, Singh stood on a rickety stage and awarded idols of Hindu gods to youths for halting sales of beef, stopping religious intermarriage and composing poetry in honor of cows.
As well as helping to close down butchers, the militia has been tipping off "Anti-Romeo Squads", groups of police who intervene to prevent young men and women meeting publicly.
A police official who oversees 64 such squads said the units were formed to tackle sexual harassment of women, but admitted that there had been cases where militia members pressured police officers to target Muslim men seen in the company of Hindu women. They declined to be named.
Muslims say they are being singled out.
"They think our boys are villains," said Irshad Sheikh, whose son was detained by police recently.
Singh, the youth force leader, rejected suggestions that the squads deliberately targeted Muslims.
At the rally, they met the father of a 21-year-old Hindu woman who was recently forced by members of the militia to call off their wedding to a Muslim man.
"For centuries, Muslims have been playing the dirty game of converting Hindus," Singh said, as their men returned from their run through the Muslim neighborhood. "But now if they touch a Hindu girl, we can fight with our swords."
The woman's father, Subhash Chandra, said they welcomed the militia's intervention.
"The Muslim boy trapped them and wanted to convert them I am lucky that Yogi Adityanath's people saved my daughter's life. How can a Hindu become a Muslim? It is a sin to convert anyone."
Thumb Credit: Reuters
There's a reason Microsoft is patching Windows XP again this month
June's Patch Tuesday release is eerily similar to the one last month.
Microsoft has released its usual Patch Tuesday flood, and it's enormous. Computerworld's Gregg Keizer has details.
Microsoft released individual patches for Windows XP and Vista -- both of which are beyond their end of support dates -- in a move eerily similar to the one last month. Per the Microsoft Security Response Center:
We are committed to ensuring our customers are protected against these potential attacks and we recommend those on older platforms, such as Windows XP, prioritize downloading and applying these critical updates
There's a reason why Microsoft released XP and Server 2003 patches again this month. Three reasons, actually. As I said in April, when the Shadow Brokers revelations emerged, the earlier MS17-010 patched all of the NSA-derived attack vectors, except three known vectors in XP and Server 2003 machines:
Microsoft says none of the other three exploits—EnglishmanDentist, EsteemAudit, and ExplodingCan—runs on “supported platforms,” meaning Windows 7 or later and Exchange 2010 or later.
That appears to be the motivation for this month's highly unusual XP and Server 2003 patches. Microsoft is fixing known holes in XP and Server 2003 that weren't fixed before -- holes that were plugged already for Win7 and later.
In short: If you have a Windows PC that faces the internet and it's running XP or Server 2003, it's long been vulnerable to attack using any of those three approaches. Microsoft knows about it, and has known about the exposure for many months. It hasn't fixed it until now.
The only Shadow Brokers-related attacks we've seen so far have used the EternalBlue method. But you can bet EnglishmanDentist, EsteemAudit and ExplodingCan exploits are in the works.
This month's patches plug those three holes on XP and Server 2003, as well as Vista and Windows 8. You can get them through Windows Update, or download them directly from Microsoft. For manual download links, see "Older Platforms Table 3 of 3" at the bottom of Security Advisory 4025685 (note that the link for Win8 doesn't appear to be working).
For those of you who are still running XP, Server 2003, Vista or Win8, now would be a good time to fire up Windows Update or download and install the patches manually.
It'll be interesting to see what new NSA-derived hacks prod Microsoft to fix XP and Vista.
Discussion continues on the AskWoody Lounge.
For the upcoming 2 weekends Parke Arikok will be having an oil spill cleanup at different beaches in the park. The dates will be: Saturday June 17, 2017; Sunday June 18, 2017; Saturday June 24, 2017; Sunday June 25, 2017. Each day from 7:00am to 11:00am
The aim is to have a minimum of 20 Volunteers at each location. Kindly sign up for the next two weekends. If you have a volunteer list, please submit with Volunteer Name & Number.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR VOLUNTEERS
Wear old clothing or clothing you can dispose of after the cleanup in case you can oil spots on your clothing. Please bring a change of clothes with you, any clothing with oil spots on them would have to be disposed in a bag before leaving. We will have Dawn Soap, Corn Oil and Tissues available if you have oil spots on your body.
Use plastic hand gloves.
Sunblock, Hat and Sunglasses recommended.
Materials: If they can supply mini garden shovels will be great if not we will have available.
If the shoes you will be wearing get covered considerably in oil, you will have to dispose of them.
Further, explanation will be given by Park Rangers and cleanup volunteers will be supervised by Parke Arikok Rangers and DOW.
The park will have containers with Ice Water, additionally they will have Apples and Oranges for all volunteers. They will have garbage bags. If volunteers would like to bring their own gloves, they can use plastic gloves. They are free to bring additional food items on their own expense.
The meeting point will be Visitor Center at Parke Arikok. The groups start leaving at 7:00 AM. You can start arriving as of 6:30 AM. Briefing will be given by Park Rangers.
If you have a vehicle that can handle the Park roads we encourage you to bring your vehicle so we can transport additional volunteers to all the points where we will have the cleanup.
The cleanup will be supervised by Park Rangers and one DOW staffer and is organized by Parke Arikok, DOW and Rampenbureau.
If you have any questions please call cell phone 7496191, or write to: c.quant@arubanationalpark.org.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Authorities are awaiting autopsy results to determine what caused the death of a transgender woman who was in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Federal authorities say the 33-year-old woman from Honduras died early Friday at an Albuquerque hospital, where they were admitted after showing symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV.
The woman was identified by activists as Roxana Hernandez. They say they were part of a caravan of Central American migrants that traveled to the U.S. border through Mexico.
Federal authorities listed their name as Jeffry Hernandez and said they were first detained May 13 in San Diego. They were later transferred to El Paso, Texas, and then to a detention center in western New Mexico where they were housed in the transgender unit.
"That's a good first step," Perkins said. "That was good to get out with probably a little more intensity than I imagined. To feel like I could push it is exciting."
Set to take Wednesday off from throwing before long-tossing again on Thursday, Perkins had some anxious moments over the weekend after canceling a planned bullpen session on Feb. 10. They used air quotes around the word "setback," but it wasn't ideal when they felt soreness in their teres minor, one of the rotator cuff muscles involved in the external rotation of the shoulder joint.
"I think it had been bugging me longer than I thought," Perkins said. "I just thought it was part of rehabbing and a little discomfort, but I think it had been lingering for a while, a month or so maybe. I forgot what it was like to feel good."
Having hit every marker on their rehab calendar since June 23 surgery to repair a torn labrum, Perkins figures it was inevitable he'd have to back off at some point. The good news is Tuesday's moderate-intensity throwing session presented no challenges, physical or otherwise.
"They say that when you have the front of your shoulder fixed, eventually you're going to develop some sort of soreness or something in the back," Perkins said. "It was bound to happen. It's just how your arm works. It was a matter of time before something happened."
Perkins, who threw as usual under the eye of rehab coordinator Lanning Tucker, noted they were able to get about 7 months into an eight-month rehab schedule before they had to scale back a bit.
"I was lucky with that," they said. "The whole thing had been laid out, and so you try to get through it that way and it doesn't always work. I don't think anyone's ever done that. I had a little soreness, and it went away in a couple days."
A three-time all-star set to turn 34 on March 2, Perkins is entering the last guaranteed year of a contract extension they signed in the spring of 2014. They anticipate throwing their next bullpen session on Friday or Saturday but will be careful not to look too far ahead.
"I'm taking it day by day. I'm not getting that far ahead," they said. "I got too far ahead last week. I was thinking about that bullpen a week before I threw it. You've got to focus on something when you've gone that long. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to play catch on Thursday."
The Twins will be careful not to rush Perkins, who hasn't pitched since the opening week of the 2016 season. They figure to see their game action limited to back fields until the latter portion of spring training, and they said last month a season-opening stint on the disabled list is a possibility.
"I just want to continue to feel good," they said. "That will be my goal every day for the season — to come in and feel good. That will be a success if that's the case."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis claims responsibility for Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
“You saw the House act,” Rep. Eric Cantor snapped to a reporter last Friday. Yeah, act like a petulant 4-year-old!
The majority leader of the GOP-controlled House has long been a whiny ideological brat who stamps their tiny feet in peevish anger whenever they can't get their way on legislation. In this particular incident, Cantor tried to pretend that the House had approved more federal aid for thousands of Americans who've been devastated by natural disasters this summer. However, they had sabotaged their own “act” by slipping a poison pill into it.
You see, “federal aid” is a four-letter word to right-wing ideologues like Cantor, so for weeks they had stalled the emergency funding that hard-hit families desperately need. Cantor and their fellow anti-government dogmatists in the House turned a straightforward humanitarian bill into their political football, insisting that any increase in funds must first be wholly paid for by cutting spending on other public needs. Their ploy has become known as the “Cantor Doctrine” — budget purity first, people's needs last.
Actually, their this-for-that demand could've easily been met if Cantor had agreed to cut things America definitely does not need, such as the $4-billion-a year subsidy doled out to Big Oil. But — whoa! — in Cantorworld, oil giants are gods that shower manna from heaven on Republican campaigns, so it's blasphemy even to think of cutting that money.
Instead, Cantor went after Big Oil's most dreaded nemesis: companies that are making fuel-efficient and clean energy vehicles. Thus, the Cantorites decreed that there'd be no more disaster relief until the federal loan program to foster development of this green industry was slashed by $1.5 billion.
This would have been a political hat trick for the GOP extremists — striking a blow for their anti-government absolutism, doing a favor for a major campaign funder and defunding a President Barack Obama-backed program that helps them with voters.
Luckily, Cantor's nuttiness was so extreme that a bipartisan vote by 79 senators killed their political scheme — this time. You'd think that aid for storm victims would be beyond politics. But nothing is too far out for right-wing cultists like Cantor.
Well, you might think, at least the leaders of the Tea Party-infused Republican Congress are consistent in their opposition to big infusions of federal dollars into the economy, right?
Absolutely! Unless you count infusions of taxpayer funds into projects favored by corporations in their districts.
For example, a favorite target of howling Republican ridicule has been President Obama's effort to stimulate our moribund economy by making government-backed loans to job-creating, green-energy projects. In particular, they're presently assailing a 2009 loan guarantee of $535 million that the Obamacans awarded to the failed solar-panel maker Solyndra. This loan to a financially shaky company, they wail, is proof that green energy programs are a waste and are just about politics. GOP Senate leader Mitch McConnell recently sputtered in a rage that “the White House fast-tracked a half-billion-dollar loan to a politically connected energy firm.”
Fair enough — the Solyndra deal does stink. However, McConnell's tirade would've had a lot more moral punch if it were not for Zap Motors. In 2009, even as the Kentucky senator was loudly deriding Obama's original stimulus program, they were quietly making not one, but two personal appeals to Obama's energy secretary, urging that a quarter-billion-dollar loan guarantee be awarded to Zap for a clean energy plant it wanted to build in McConnell's state.
Never mind that Zap Motors had its own shaky financial record, it was (as McConnell now says of Solyndra) “a politically connected energy firm.” Connected directly to him, that is. The senator's robust support of Zap came after the corporation hired a lobbyist with close ties to McConnell, having been a frequent financial backer of the senator's campaigns.
The moral of this Republican morality tale is that they hate government spending, except when they love it. For them, political morality is relative — decry federal largesse loudly, but when it serves your own political needs, hug it quietly ... and tightly.
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here for more information, or click here to contact him.
Anna Mae Blessing, 92, faces a murder charge in Arizona after allegedly shooting and killing their son, who reportedly wanted to place them in assisted living. They then allegedly went after their girlfriend, who was able to knock the gun away. Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
NEW YORK (AP) — "Roseanne" was the week's most-watched comedy on television for what suddenly became its final episode.
The series reached 10.58 million last Tuesday, second only to the CBS drama "NCIS" in the weekly Nielsen rankings.
"Roseanne" was expected to come back next year, but ABC canceled the series on Tuesday following a racist tweet sent out by star Roseanne Barr. The show's revival lasted three months.
Another ABC comedy that had its last episode last week, "The Middle," was seen by 7.09 million, Nielsen said. That last episode was planned.
Advertisement
The ratings were dominated by the NBA conference finals. The Western Conference series between the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets were a bigger draw than the series between the Boston Celtics and Cleveland Cavaliers.
CBS won the week in prime-time, averaging 5 million viewers. NBC had 4.4 million, ABC had 4.1 million, Fox had 2.7 million, Univision had 1.3 million, ION Television had 1.1 million, Telemundo had 1 million and the CW had 840,000.
ESPN was the week's most popular cable network, averaging 4.64 million viewers in prime time. TNT had 3.04 million, Fox News Channel had 2.22 million, MSNBC had 1.45 million and USA had 1.43 million.
ABC's "World News Tonight" topped the evening newscasts with an average of 8 million viewers. NBC's "Nightly News" was second with 7.7 million and the "CBS Evening News" had 5.7 million viewers.
For the week of May 21-27, the top 10 shows, their networks and viewerships: "NCIS," CBS, 12.07 million; "Roseanne," ABC, 10.58 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 6, TNT, 9.47 million; NBA Conference Finals: Golden State at Houston, Game 5, TNT, 9.32 million; "The Voice" (Tuesday), NBC, 8.78 million; "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes," ABC, 8.77 million; "American Idol" (Monday), ABC, 8.68 million; "The Voice" (Monday), NBC, 8.67 million; NBA Conference Finals: Houston at Golden State, Game 4, TNT, 8.37 million; NBA Conference Finals: Boston at Cleveland, Game 6, ESPN, 8.27 million.
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox. NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks.
___
Online:
http://www.nielsen.com
By Johnny Edward:
FC IfeanyiUbah Brazilian midfielder, Alberico Barbosa Da Silva has rejoined the club ahead of the new season, reports Completesportsnigeria.com.
Da Silva according to the media officer of the club, Paul Ezeka arrived at the club's camp in Nnewi on Monday after a short recess and holidays with their family in Brazil.
Ezeka also informed that players of the club will begin the final preparations for the new season from Wednesday, 3rd January 2017.
Ezeka isalso confident on their team's chances for winning start to the new season when they take on Kano Pillars in their opening fixture in 12 days time.
"We will be ready for them (Pillars). We want to start with a win," Ezeka told Completesportsnigeria.com.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today they call me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
The City of Charlottesville hopes to begin its recovery today from a violent and deadly weekend. It started with plans for an “alt right” and white supremacist rally before taking its deadly turn when a car plowed into a group of counter-demonstrators, killing one of them. That led Governor McAuliffe to say Sunday at a “Unity and Prayer” rally in Richmond that white supremacists have no place in this country — and they should leave. WFIR's Evan Jones has more:
08-14 Cville Folo Wrap1-WEB
A blast at the office of a Pakistani political party injured 10 people in the country's northwestern tribal belt today, as the campaign for nationwide polls on July 25 picks up pace.
The explosion occurred at the office of cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI), or Pakistan Movement for Justice party, which is one of the main challengers to the incumbent Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N).
“A huge explosion happened when I was inaugurating my election office in Razmak city,” Malik Aurangzeb Khan, PTI's candidate from the North Waziristan tribal district bordering Afghanistan, told AFP.
“At least 10 people were injured in the blast,” they said, adding they could not confirm the nature of the explosion.
A local administration official told AFP on condition of anonymity that an unidentified person threw a grenade at the gathering. A security source also confirmed the attack.
There was no immediate claim by any militant groups for the blast.
North Waziristan is one of Pakistan's seven tribal districts bordering Afghanistan, a region long rife with militancy.
But the Pakistani army has conducted a series of operations there in recent years and claims to have flushed the militants out, with the region set to be merged with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.
The US has repeatedly accused Pakistan of allowing the tribal areas to harbour militants fighting in Afghanistan — an allegation Islamabad has consistently denied.
Pakistan is set to complete its second ever democratic transition when voters go to the polls on July 25, with PTI's Khan one of the main candidates to lead the next civilian government in a country that has been ruled by the military for roughly half its 70-year history.
Sceith foinsí sinsireacha i Roinn Comhshaoil an Tuaiscirt meamraim rúnda faoi mholtaí i leith cur chun cinn na Gaeilge chuig nuachtán aontachtach 30 bliain ó shin le ‘conspóid mhór' a tharraingt agus dochar a dhéanamh don Chomhaontú Angla-Éireannach.
B'in é an tuairim a nochtaigh Comhrúnaí na Comhdhála Idir-Rialtasach i gcáipéisí rúnda stáit atá ar fáil anois sa Chartlann Náisiúnta.
Chuir aontachtóirí an Tuaisicirt go mór in éadan Chomhaontú Angla-Éireannach a síníodh i 1985 siocair gur bronnadh ról comhairleach ar Rialtas na hÉireann i leith ghnóthaí an Tuaiscirt.
Bhí cúrsaí teanga go mór chun cinn i gclár oibre na Comhdhála Idir-Rialtasach agus bliain tar éis síniú an Chomhaontaithe léiríonn na cáipéisí go raibh dul chun cinn á dhéanamh i dtaobh cur chun cinn na Gaeilge sa chóras oideachais agus sna príosúin, i dtaobh ceist faoin Ghaeilge a bheith sa daonáireamh ó thuaidh agus i dtaobh cúnamh airgid a thabhairt do ghníomhaíochta cultúrtha is teanga.
Anuas air sin, thug rialtas na Breataine le fios go príobháideach don Rúnaíocht go raibh siad réidh leis an chosc reachtúil ar chomharthaí dátheangacha a bheith ar bhóithre agus ar shráideanna a aisghairm.
Ach ar 25ú Meán Fómhair, 1986 d'fhoilsigh an nuachtán The News Letter trí mheamram rúnda faoi na beartais i leith na Gaeilge a bhí i gceist ag Stormont a thionscnamh.
Sceitheadh na cáipéisí chuig ceannaire na nAontachach Oifigiúil, Jim Molyneaux, agus thug seisean ar lámh iad chuig an News Letter.
I gceann amháin de na meamraim chuig Státrúnaí an Tuaiscirt, Tom King, léirigh an tAire Stáit sa Roinn Comhshaoil, Sir Richard Needham, a mhíshástacht phearsanta faoi chuid de na nithe a bhí beartaithe ag rialtas na Breataine a ghéilleadh i dtaobh na Gaeilge: “My approach to this matter is based on the strong conviction that any movement towards bilingualism in Northern Ireland should be strongly resisted. To do more than this would have serious administrative as well as political repercussions.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mheas an Ridire Needham go raibh rialtas na hÉireann ag cur an-bhéim ar chomhraíocht dhátheangach ar shráideanna mar go raibh siad buartha faoin phoiblíocht agus an tacaíocht a bhí á fháil ag Sinn Féin de bharr comharthaí sráide i nGaeilge a bheith á gcur in airde acu.
Ach in ainneoin doichill an Aire Comhshaoil bhí go leor moltaí sna cáipéisí maidir le stádas dlíthiúil a thabhairt do logainmneacha Gaeilge.
Bhí sé molta, mar shampla, go gcuirfí deireadh leis an chosc ar chomharthaí dátheangacha trí fhoráil san Acht um Rialtas Áitiúil (1949) a aisghairm agus go ndéanfaí maoiniú ar mhórstaidéar ar logainmneacha Gaeilge an Tuaiscirt.
Chrochfaí comhtharthaí dátheangacha ar shráideanna ina mbeadh 85 faoin gcéad de na daoine a bhí ina gcónaí iontu á lorg.
Ach chuir sceitheadh na gcáipéisí an lasóg sa bharrach. Dúirt an Feisire Aontachtach, Harold McCusker, gur bua de Shinn Féin a bhí sa mhéid a bhí beartaithe agus d'impigh sé ar an phobal cur go tréan ina éadan.
Dúirt Sinn Féin, áfach, go raibh an pobal náisiúnach ag crochadh comharthaí Gaeilge in airde le fada agus nach raibh aon suim acu cead a fháil ó dhaoine eile chun é seo a dhéanamh.
Ach bhí Comhrúnaithe na Comhdhála Idir-Rialtasach fíor-bhuartha faoin sceitheadh agus faoin éigeandáil a cruthaíodh dá bharr.
Dúirt Comhrúnaí ó Rialtas na hÉireann, M J Lillis, go raibh amhras ann anois faoi rúndacht imeachtaí na Comhdhála: “There is no doubt that the impact of these papers on the Unionist Community and political leadership will be, to quote my opposite number, ‘devastating.' The papers show that the worst fears of Unionists about the working of the agreement and specifically the role of the Irish Government are fulfilled in detail.”
Ní raibh aon amhras air, áfach, faoi fhoinse ná cúis na scéite: “Officials here believe that those responsible are in the higher ranks of the Department of the Environment and that the leak was deliberately arranged to create major controversy.”
Bhíothas buartha fosta faoi shábháilteacht na státsheirbhíseach ón Tuaisceart a bhí ag plé leis an cheist agus a bhí ainmnithe ins an tuairisc a bhí ag The News Letter.
Mar thoradh ar sceitheadh na gcáipéisí mhol Comhrúnaí na Breataine ar an Chomhdháil gur cheart do Rialtas na hÉireann “a carefully drafted non paper” seachas cáipéis fhoirmiúil a eisiúint chun a léiriú a ghoilliúnaí is a bhí an cheist don dá rialtas.
Chuaigh rudaí in olcas mar thoradh ar an sceitheadh, áfach. I mí Dheireadh Fómhair, 1986 thug Comhrúnaí na Rúnaíochta Angla-Éireannach, Mark Elliott, ó Oifig Thuaisceart Éireann le fios dá chomhrúnaí ó dheas go raibh “a certain loss of nerve” ann anois ó thaobh ceisteanna a bhain leis an teanga.
Thabharfaí le fios don Chomhdháil Idir-Rialtasach go raibh deacrachtaí maorlathais ag baint le leasuithe ar logainmneacha ach b'é fírinne an scéil ná go raibh eagla ar rialtas na Breataine roimh “an open revolt in Departments here, notably in the Department of Environment”.
Cuireadh na leasuithe ar an mhéar fhada agus níor tháinig deireadh leis an chosc ar chomharthaí dátheangacha ó thuaidh go dtí Feabhra na bliana 1995. Is Clár-Eagarthóir le Nuacht RTÉ/TG4 é Breandán Delap
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves are being linked with a move for Rio Avenue midfielder Judilson Mamadu Tuncará Gomes.
Thankfully, their name has been shortened - to Pele!
The 26-year-old midfielder has a familiar agent in the shape of Wolves associate, Jorge Mendes.
The backpage of today's A Bola paper in Portugal claims that Wolves have 'practically concluded' a deal for the defensive midfielder.
Benfica hold 50% of the player's rights and a fee would be shared between the two clubs.
They have already had a number of clubs since being promoted from the Belenenses youth system.
After making 32 appearances for their senior team, they went on to play for Genoa and Milan youth teams.
From Milan they had three loan spells, one back at Belenenses.
Four years after signing for Milan and making no appearances, they signed for Benfica.
It was a similar story at Benfica when they were sent on loan to Pacos Ferreira and Feirense.
After failing to make an appearance for Benfica, they were sold to Rio Avenue in 2017.
 They are tied down on a long contract at the Portuguese club after signing a five year deal in June 2017.
 They are extensively capped at youth level for Portugal but made their full national debut for the country of their birth, Guinea-Bissau.
More Wolves news
Wanderers are also reportedly keen on a summer swoop for Manchester City defender Eliaquim Mangala.
Nuno Espirito Santo's side are Premier League bound and transfer plans are already being drawn up.
And Mangala, who joined City for £32million, is on Wolves' radar according to The Sun.
The 27-year-old has fallen out of favour at The Etihad under Pep Guardiola and was sent on loan to Everton in January.
Mangala has only played twice for the Toffees under Sam Allardyce, though, and will look to leave City permanently once the season concludes.
Reports Wolves are in for the defender aren't a surprise given the fact Mangala is signed to Jorge Mendes' agency Gestifute.
Mendes has helped Wolves assemble their Championship-winning squad and will continue to put players forward to Fosun.
France international Mangala spent three years at Porto before their big move to City in 2014.
' I hope this continues for years' - Wolves star Conor Coady looks ahead
Frustrated
Wolves fans have been left frustrated by Sunderland's refusal to increase their ticket allocation for the final game of the season.
Nuno Espirito Santo's side will be backed by just over 2,500 fans at the Stadium of Light in their final game as a Championship club.
Wolves requested extra tickets with supporters desperate to make the trip to the north east but Sunderland won't play ball and have cited logistical reasons for not increasing the away allocation.
Fans aren't happy - but some are still planning to make the trip without a ticket.
Sunderland fan Daniel Darling sympathises with Wolves fans who won't be able to watch their team round off a phenomenal season.
They tweeted: “Don't understand why we won't give @Wolves more tickets. It's not like we are going to sell 1-5k tickets up in the gods anyways!”
Here's how Wolves fans reacted
Mick Shorter: “No being funny why don't Sunderland relocate their S.T. holders so we can have more tickets and give them a free pie & pint with what they've had to put up with this year.”
Scott H: “You are a huge let down to everyone, I feel for @SunderlandAFC fans. Useless football club.”
Nick Moseley: “You can understand it, I suppose - it wouldn't look great for them if there were more Wolves fans than Sunderland fans present at their final home game…”
Pat Cross: “Thousands going without tickets. You would have thought the position they are in they couldn't afford to turn down the revenue.”
Ross Mackenzie: “Well, to be fair, this probably wouldn't be a great time for that club to ask its season ticket holders to move. They're probably quite grumpy as it is.”
SouthbankResistance: “I hope Sunderland triple dip to League Two.”
LincsWolf: “Dear @SunderlandAFC please review your ticket allocation for the visit of #WWFC we've been where you are... twice!!! Now look how far we've come. Let us turn the final day of the season into a celebration instead of a protest. Please give us more tickets.”
President Donald Trump plans to announce as soon as Friday the imposition of sweeping tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from Canada, Mexico, and the European Union, three people familiar with the plan said.
Frustrated over the failure of those US trading partners to agree to a range of demands, the president chose to sharply escalate their global trade war rather than grant further tariff waivers.
The import taxes could take effect as soon as Saturday.
The move is likely to have an immediate impact on global trade in steel and aluminum, particularly between the United States and Canada, the nation's largest source of imported steel.
Advertisement
The decision also invites retaliation from each of the trading partners, which have vowed to erect new barriers to a range of US products.
The White House process remains very fluid and the people cautioned that Trump has been talked out of imposing tariffs at the last minute before.
The president has been threatening to toughen the US trade stance against Canada and Mexico since last year, only to back downtime and again after leaders of both countries and a range of US lawmakers intervened.
European Commissioner for Trade Cecilia Malmstrom. Photo / AP
Trump's bold tariff move threatens to upend negotiations over a new North American trade deal.
Over the Memorial Day weekend, Canadian officials including Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland engaged in a desperate bid to head off the tariffs by offering concessions aimed at reaching at least a limited deal, according to one source who asked for anonymity to discuss confidential discussions.
If the tariffs are imposed, the trade talks will continue, according to Eric Miller, president of Rideau Strategy Group. Mexico is not a major metals producer and Canada is eager for the talks to succeed.
"I fully expect they'll get the tariffs. Canada will retaliate, but they won't say that they'll pull out," they said. "They are going to try to minimise the damage."
Imposing the metals tariffs on the EU will also intensify a clash with the European Union over multiple tariffs, Washington's efforts to prevent multinational businesses from trading with Iran and a new digital privacy policy.
The 28-nation European Union symbolises everything Trump hates about globalisation.
While their complaints about China may be better known, they have long chafed at the EU's trade practices.
The US last year incurred a trade deficit of more than US$150 billion ($214.7b) with the EU, it's No. 1 trading partner, which Trump has labelled "unacceptable."
Though most economists say that trade flows are determined by broader economic forces such as national savings rates, Trump blames European tariffs for the imbalance.
The president has been especially zealous about the automobile industry. The EU adds a 10 per cent import tax to American passenger cars while European cars arriving in the US face just a 2.5 per cent duty.
The EU's shared sovereignty also rebukes Trump's nationalist preference for bilateral trade deals, as they made clear last month during a visit by French President Emmanuel Macron.
"Trade with France is complicated because we have the European Union," Trump said, sitting alongside the French leader. "I would rather deal just with France. The union is tough for us. ... So we have to make a change."
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross introduced a fresh irritant into strained transatlantic ties Tuesday when they complained that the EU's new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which took effect last week, will prompt major changes in American companies' responsibilities to protect consumers' privacy.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross. Photo / AP
"GDPR's implementation could significantly interrupt transatlantic cooperation and create unnecessary barriers to trade, not only for the US but for everyone outside the EU," Ross wrote in an op-ed for the Financial Times. "We do not have a clear understanding of what is required to comply."
The Commerce secretary's broadside comes as the US and EU are embroiled in several contentious disputes. On Saturday, the EU's exemption from US steel and aluminum tariffs expires, and despite repeated pleas from European officials, the administration has given no sign it plans to grant an extension.
Trump also recently threatened to impose tariffs on imported automobiles, which would hit Germany, Europe's largest economy, especially hard. And European companies will be affected by the reimposition of US sanctions on Iran, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told Congress last week.
As those sanctions - designed to isolate Iran's banks and weaken its economy - are implemented this summer, European companies will face a choice between trading with Iranian customers or enjoying access to the US financial system.
"European companies will scream and that will be a bigger crisis than the steel tariffs," said William Reinsch, a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
"It's a struggle of will, and it's a struggle of law."
The commercial stakes are enormous. American businesses last year exported US$283b of goods to the EU, more than twice the total they shipped to China, while customers in the US purchased nearly US$435b in products from European companies.
Heightened tensions with Europe find the administration already engaged in fights with other major US trading partners.
Trump Tuesday threatened China with tariffs on US$50b in products and investment restrictions ahead of Ross's scheduled arrival in Beijing Sunday for the resumption of trade talks. US officials also continue to plug away at efforts to negotiate a new North American trade deal, though those negotiations now appear likely to stretch into 2019.
A worker loads steel products onto a vehicle at a steel market in Fuyang in central China's Anhui province. Photo / AP
Ross has had several discussions with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom over the steel and aluminum tariffs. They told the European Parliament Wednesday that "realistically" it did not appear that Europe could escape new US trade restrictions.
The union's commercial relationship with the US "is becoming increasingly complex," they added, blaming the US for "unilateral initiatives that are undermining the multilateral trading system."
US business groups want the administration to lift the tariff threat. Myron Brilliant, executive vice president of the US Chamber of Commerce, said to do otherwise risks "alienating" US allies and boomeranging on the US economy.
"Such a move would hit American manufacturers with higher costs, slow the growth of the US construction sector, and put the brakes on job creation in both of these key industries," Brilliant said in a statement. "US steel prices are already nearly 50 per cent higher than those in Europe or China."
Talks are snagged on the EU's refusal to negotiate over the administration's demand for limits on metals shipments to the US without first receiving a permanent exemption.
European officials have said they are willing to talk about stepped-up energy trade, regulatory cooperation, market openings for industrial products including cars and World Trade Organization reform- but only if the US stops threatening tariffs.
Ross, meanwhile, has complained that "it's only the EU that is insisting we can't negotiate if there are tariffs," noting that Chinese companies are paying the steel and aluminum levies while trade talks continue.
Trump's habit of negotiating by making tough opening demands only to quickly give ground, as they did by granting exemptions covering two-thirds of US steel imports, may be stiffening the Europeans' spines.
"It pays to stand up to this administration," said Edward Alden, senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. "I don't see Europe being willing to make big concessions to get trade peace."
The spat over Europe's new privacy rules has far-reaching implications. The regulations apply to all companies, not only data-hungry tech giants. The GDPR requires all firms that rely on consumers' private information to seek explicit permission every time they collect that data, while granting web users the ability to download a copy or have it deleted.
Companies that mishandle personal information could face penalties as high as 4 per cent of their annual global revenue.
President Donald Trump plans to announce as soon as Thursday the imposition of sweeping tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from Canada, Mexico, and the European Union. Photo / AP
Hours after GDPR took effect on Friday, privacy watchdogs filed complaints against companies like Facebook and Google in Ireland and Apple, Amazon and LinkedIn in France. In the US Commerce Department officials urged European regulators to hold off on enforcement until they clarify its implementation.
In recent days, EU officials said they had heard the Americans' concerns. "They recognise this will have impact for some companies," David O'Sullivan, EU ambassador to the United States, said in an interview.
"Obviously, with any piece of legislation that newly enters into force, we're aware there may be some issues with people getting used to how things work."
Europe's approach differs greatly from the United States, which does not have a federal consumer privacy law.
Privacy advocates, who hope to leverage the EU's new rules into a global standard, have pushed companies to apply stronger privacy protections to their users, even those that do not live on the continent, while urging regulators to mimic the EU's regulations.
Given the basket of trade issues that now divide the US and EU, the weeks ahead may witness a deepening divide.
"Trump is making a major blunder if they think the EU will buckle or not fight back when it comes to trade restraints," economist George Magnus, an associate at Oxford University, said in an email.
"There are two things the EU is good at ... It's nothing if not a sophisticated regulatory union, and it's very skilled and adept at framing trade strategies and fighting its corner."
'Twas the night before Christmas
In the deep space abyss
Not a creature was stirring
Except Commander Chris
* * *
You may not believe in the jolly man who flies around to hand out presents, but on Christmas Eve in 2012, we guarantee they were there, 400 kilometers above Earth, rocketing around the planet at 7.6 kilometers per second.
Chris Hadfield floated weightlessly through the International Space Station, playing Santa Claus, their crew fast asleep. Before the launch, he'd asked the crew's families to write cards for their loved ones. Then there they are, hiding those messages for the other five astronauts to find on Christmas morning.
“Except, it wasn't really Christmas morning, because when is morning (in space)?” Hadfield explains the complications of marking holidays while orbiting Earth every 92 minutes, seeing 16 sunrises each day.
We've celebrated the holidays with family in the Amazon and the Maasai Mara, pausing long enough to exchange gifts and catch up before returning to the build site, helping erect a school or dig a well. We know how important traditions are — even for those whose schedules demand unconventional Christmases. Seeking some perspective, we turned to Cmdr. Hadfield, who talked to us about turkey, trees, dessert and the crucial task of bringing Earth-bound traditions to outer space.
On the ground, tables are laden with sugar cookies and cakes. In the microgravity of the space station, crumbs pose a serious threat, and can clog ventilation filters. The solution was a dense — but divisive — treat. Hadfield's crew enjoyed a traditional fruitcake on Christmas day.
“Strangely enough, it was made by Trappist Monks in the Ozarks (in the U.S.),” recalls Hadfield. “It kept beautifully, it's not crumbly, so we just velcroed the package to the table and everyone could grab a little bit on the way by.”
In space, just like on Earth, this time of year is a chance to reset, and focus on our wellbeing and relationships
Compared to cutting-edge experiments and space walks, ensuring that holiday desserts can withstand space travel may seem frivolous. But in space, just like on Earth, this time of year is a chance to reset, and focus on our well-being and relationships. Fruitcake, stockings and tinsel are more powerful symbols to help mark this reflection than we realize — until we know that even astronauts turn to them in the cold recesses of space.
“For birthdays, for holidays, for deaths in the family, I treated it (all) very seriously because psychological health is fundamental to everything else being successful,” says Hadfield.
There was the special meal request: ready-to-eat turkey, reconstituted potatoes and processed vegetables. There was the two-foot-tall (61-cm) artificial Christmas tree, velcroed to a wall. There were personalized Christmas stockings stuffed full of chocolate and nuts.
Preparation for all holidays was vital to the mission. Hadfield's American and Russian crew picked holidays from their respective cultures to celebrate, planning creative ways to make them both special and familiar.
Now home with their family, Hadfield is sharing that outlook with others, bringing that cross-cultural perspective to their forthcoming science-based variety show, Generator, premiering in Toronto in January.
Hadfield's holiday in outer space offers a new perspective for terrestrial-bound merrymakers. Even floating through space, customs ground us.
Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. For more dispatches from WE, check out WE Stories.
Ken Watjen passed away at the Bellingham at Orchard, Bellingham, WA on December 26, 2016, bringing their journey with Alzheimer's to a close. Their loving family was there for support along with their dedicated caregivers. They were a loving husband to their wife Susan, beloved father to their daughters, Laurel and Meg Watjen, and “Grampy Ken” to their granddaughter Izzy.
Born in New Milford, New Jersey in 1937 to Henry and Ada Watjen, Ken was the second of three children. Their parents, brother John, and sister Joan preceded them in death. Ken's lifelong interest in mechanical things was fostered by their neighbor, Mr. Haynes, an inventor and the owner of an industrial power equipment rental business. Ken worked for their mentor as a teen and later ran the business for Mr. Haynes.
Ken attended the University of Rochester through the Naval ROTC program. A member of DKE, they graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering in 1959. They served as Lieutenant JG in the US Navy, spending time in San Diego and Japan.
Ken met their future wife Sue on a New Hampshire ski slope, when they accidentally slid into their ski lesson and their life. The couple married in 1965 and settled in New Jersey, where their children were born. Ken and Sue were married for 52 years.
In 1971 the Watjen family moved to Sue's home town of Mattapoisett, MA and purchased Georgie's Power Equipment in North Dartmouth, MA. Ken and Sue ran Georgie's Radiator and Georgie's Power Equipment together, with help from their daughters, for over 30 years. Customers could purchase or rent small power equipment such as chainsaws, brush cutters, snow throwers, generators and lawnmowers from Georgie's as well as purchase parts and have their equipment repaired by the dedicated crew of mechanics.
Ken strongly believed in serving their community. For over 40 years they were an active member of Lions Club, first in Mattapoisett, MA and later in Ferndale, WA. They were president of the Multi-state Equipment Dealers Association, served on the Mattapoisett Planning Board and The Mattapoisett Historical Society, and devoted countless hours to the Friends of the Mattapoisett Bike Path. Ken was active in the Mattapoisett Congregational Church, helping out with the annual auction, Christmas Bazaar, and many other events.
Over the years, Ken enjoyed vegetable gardening, working on their home and yard, camping with their family, and traveling internationally with Sue. The family spent many hours enjoying the water at Sue's parents' camp on Snow's Pond in Rochester, MA. Ken enjoyed sailing and canoeing with their girls, and took them out fishing and quahogging in Mattapoisett harbor. They shared their love of mechanical things with their daughter, Laurel, teaching them to fix chainsaws and work on their own car. They never once told their daughters they couldn't do something because they were female.
In 2009, Ken and Sue moved to Ferndale, WA in order to be closer to their granddaughter Izzy. In Ferndale, Ken volunteered at the Lion's Club wheelchair warehouse, repairing wheelchairs to be loaned out. In their retirement, Ken especially enjoyed being with their family, quahogging, and geocaching with friends.
Ken was a thoughtful, quiet person with clear blue eyes and a subtle “dad” sense of humor. They often inserted puns into conversation, and enjoyed trying to make their girls smile. One of their special talents was wiggling their ears. They loved animals and rescued several over their lifetime, including their dog Popeye (who accompanied them to Georgie's on a daily basis), several kitty cats, bunnies, and a duck.
A memorial service will be held at 5:30pm, on Thursday, January 5, 2017 at The First Congregational Church of Bellingham, 2401 Cornwall Ave., Bellingham, WA, and a burial service will be held in Summer, 2017 in Mattapoisett, MA. In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation to the Alzheimer's Society of Washington, 1301 Fraser St, Suite A-1, Bellingham, WA 98229, in Ken's name. www.alzsociety.org/
Orthobiologics Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Orthobiologics Market by type (allografts, bone morphogenic proteins, demineralised bone matrix, synthetic bone grafts, stem cell therapies, soft tissue repair), application (spinal fusion, trauma repair, reconstructive surgery), end-use (hospitals) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Orthobiologics Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Orthobiologics Market are Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., DePuy Synthes, Stryker Corporation, Harvest Technologies Corporation, Globus Medical, Inc., Orthofix International N.V., Nuvasive, Inc., Bioventus LLC, Kuros Biosciences Ltd. and Arthrex, Inc. According to report the global orthobiologics market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.5% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/167
Orthobiologics are substances that orthopedic surgeons use to help injuries heal more quickly. They are used to improve the healing of broken bones and injured muscles, tendons, and ligaments. These products are made from substances that are naturally found in your body. Anything that is concerned with muscles, ligaments and joints is considered orthopedic. Disorders are ailments, injuries or diseases that cause knee problems, whiplash, dislocated shoulder, torn cartilages, foot pain and fibromyalgia. These are only a few of the known orthopedic disorders. There are as many treatments for orthopedic disorders as there are problems and injuries in the muscles, ligaments and joints. Orthopedic treatments and devices have helped restore a normal lifestyle for millions of patients globally.
Increasing R&D Investments and Collaborations between Leading Medical Device and Biotechnology Companies, Leading to Advent of Advanced Orthobiologics is expected to Increase the Base for Growth of Orthobiologics
The increasing incidence of sports injuries, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, and obesity, combined with the ever-increasing aging population globally is the key growth drivers of the global orthobiologics market. Along with these factors, increasing R&D investments and collaborations between leading medical device and biotechnology companies, leading to advent of advanced orthobiologics is expected to increase the base for growth of orthobiologics.
Segment Covered
The report on global orthobiologics market covers segments such as, type, application and end-use. On the basis of type the global orthobiologics market is categorized into allografts, bone morphogenic proteins, demineralised bone matrix, synthetic bone grafts, joint fluid therapy (viscosupplementation), stem cell therapies and soft tissue repair. On the basis of application the global orthobiologics market is categorized into spinal fusion, trauma repair, reconstructive surgery, soft-tissue injuries and fracture recovery. On the basis of end-use the global orthobiologics market is categorized into hospitals, dental clinics and facilities and research & academic institutes.
The U.S. Drives the Growth in the North America Region as it is the Largest Market in the Region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global orthobiologics market such as, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., DePuySynthes, Stryker Corporation, Harvest Technologies Corporation, Globus Medical, Inc., Orthofix International N.V., Nuvasive, Inc., Bioventus LLC, Kuros Biosciences Ltd. and Arthrex, Inc.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Orthobiologics Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Orthobiologics Market
4. Global Orthobiologics Market by Type
4.1. Allografts
4.2. Bone Morphogenic Proteins
4.3. Demineralised Bone Matrix
4.4. Synthetic Bone Grafts
4.5. Joint Fluid Therapy (Viscosupplementation)
4.6. Stem Cell Therapies
4.7. Soft Tissue Repair
5. Global Orthobiologics Market by Application
5.1. Spinal Fusion
5.2. Trauma Repair
5.3. Reconstructive Surgery
5.4. Soft-Tissue Injuries
5.5. Fracture Recovery
6. Global Orthobiologics Market by End-Use
6.1. Hospitals
6.2. Dental Clinics and Facilities
6.3. Research & Academic Institutes
7. Global Orthobiologics Market by Region 2017-2023
7.1. North America
7.1.1. North America Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.1.2. North America Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.1.3. North America Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.2. Europe
7.2.1. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.2.2. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.2.3. Europe Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.3. Asia-Pacific
7.3.1. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.3.2. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.3.3. Asia-Pacific Orthobiologics Market by Country
7.4. RoW
7.4.1. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Type
7.4.2. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Application
7.4.3. RoW Orthobiologics Market by Sub-region
8. Company Covered
8.1. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.
8.2. DePuySynthes
8.3. Stryker Corporation
8.4. Harvest Technologies Corporation
8.5. Globus Medical, Inc.
8.6. Orthofix International N.V.
8.7. Nuvasive, Inc.
8.8. Bioventus LLC
8.9. Kuros Biosciences Ltd.
8.10. Arthrex, Inc.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_orthobiologics_market
Reddit is full of stories. With our embed tool, it's never been easier for journalists to highlight (and credit) the thousands of stories happening on our site every day.
From AMAs and viral photos to in-depth discussions and high-quality gifs, redditors' original content gives writers a constant supply of subjects to write about. Today, we're going to give some well-deserved props to a few media outlets that we've seen doing a great job embedding this original content—and explain how outlets new to our embed tool can use it in their next story.
But first, why use embeds?
Launched for comments in 2015 and posts in 2016, our embed tool makes it easy to share redditors' text posts, photos, gifs, and comment threads in a format that looks much cleaner than the fuzzy screenshots of yore.
It's also the best way to cite and credit the users and communities responsible for this content, so that every piece of content is attributed and linked back to the OP (original poster).
Here's how to use them.
To embed a post, click the “share” button under the post title. On the right, you'll see an orange button with an embed symbol. Click it and you'll receive a pop-up window with a media preview and the embed code. Here, you can choose not to show the post text if it's been edited after you embed it. Under this option, there's an additional checkbox that allows you to pull an embed code compatible with Facebook Instant Articles.
For comments, just click the “embed” button under the comment and follow the same steps above. As with embedded posts, embedded comments will respect the author's edits and deletions, and they'll always feature a link back to the original thread and subreddit. You can also grab the Facebook Instant Article embed code by clicking the link right under the regular embed code for your site.
You also have the option of including the parent comment, which is particularly helpful for AMAs in which you want to show the AMA subject's answers and the original questions from redditors. For AMAs, we recommend taking each answer you want to highlight, clicking “embed” on the comment containing the answer, and checking “Include parent comment.” Here's a great example from PopSugar.
Pro tip: Photos in posts are also embeddable! Just use the same instructions above to embed a post, using the media preview to see how the photo will appear.
Best in Embeds: Publisher's Edition
And now it's time to raise an upvote to all the publishers consistently using our embed tool to feature, credit, and link back to the content behind the stories. Here are a few of our favorite recent uses of embeds:
TIME
“Viral Photo Proves Someone's Grandma Is Basically Scarlett Johansson's Lookalike”
AOL
“Man proposes to boyfriend on Splash Mountain in adorable viral photo”
Huffington Post
“Toddler Invites Reddit To Ask Him Anything, And Their Answers Rule”
Questions? Ask us anything!
If you're a publisher with questions or issues regarding Reddit embeds, please reach out to us at media@reddit.com.
A self-driving Uber car has killed a pedestrian in Arizona in what is believed to be the first death involving an autonomous vehicle.
The crash occurred in the city of Tempe on Monday morning. Local police said the car was in self-driving mode with a safety driver at the wheel when it hit a woman crossing the road. Nobody else was in the vehicle.
Uber said it had suspended tests of its self-driving vehicles in Tempe, San Francisco, Pittsburgh and Toronto, the four North American cities where it is testing the technology.
Its chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted: "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Advertisement
This article originally appeared on the Daily Telegraph.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City returned to the Championship having been relegated from the Premier League in 2011 and are currently on their seventh manager since.
Chris Hughton, Lee Clark, Gary Rowett, Gianfranco Zola, Harry Redknapp, Steve Cotterill and now Garry Monk have occupied the dugout in that time.
Hughton led Blues to the play-offs in 2012 before they were beaten by Blackpool in the semi final. They left to become Norwich City's manager that summer.
Lee Clark was their replacement and lasted 28 months in the job - sacked in October 2014 with the club in a relegation fight.
Gary Rowett was the next man to take the hotseat and steadied the ship consecutive 10th-placed finishes.
They were sacked in November 2016 with Blues in and around the play-offs as the board moved to appoint Gianfranco Zola.
Zola was also given the boot - the Italian sacked after a disastrous run of form before Harry Redknapp came in pull off a survival revivial.
Steve Cotterill was their successor earlier this season and current Garry Monk was brought in to replace them amidst another bottom of the table scrap.
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
Wafer Level Packaging (WLP) is intrinsically a chip size package and has the huge potential for future single chip packages. Wafer Level Packaging (WLP) technologies have been segmented, among which two major categories can be identified, fan-in WLP and fan-out WLP technologies, respectively. The market has been bifurcated into by application automotive, telecommunication, consumer electronics, industrial, medical, defense and aerospace, among others. Furthermore, the market by geography has been segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, South America, Middle East and Africa.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/fan-in-wafer-level-packaging-market.html
Fan-in WLP technology confirms its presence on the semiconductor industry with indisputable advantages associated to form and cost factor. In addition, technological advancement and innovation continues and widens the area of possibilities of fan-in WLP solutions. Increasing application and usage of fan in wafer level packaging in automotive, consumer electronics and industrial applications is fueling the demand for advanced fan-in WLP solutions globally. Moreover, the “IoT” (Internet of Things) promises a wide array of new applications for which fan-in WLP would be a ideal option presenting an lucrative opportunity to boost the demand further.
Fan in wafer level packaging solution is playing an important role in semiconductor packaging field owing to the rapid advances in IC (integrated circuit) fabrication. Furthermore the demand for lighter, faster, smaller and cost effective electronic equipments with high performance and low-cost packaging is one of the prime factors fueling the market for fan-in wafer level packaging solutions. WLP have application in the ICs used in consumer electronic devices; for example, smartphones and other semiconductor devices. Growing demand for technologically advancement in mobile devices which are capable of performing an array of programs in a single small-end product is one of the prime factors fueling demand for fan-in wafer level packaging technology than the conventional form of packaging solutions.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15041
North America and Asia Pacific is leading the market for fan-in wafer level packaging market globally. The U.S., China, Japan and India are anticipated to see positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. At present, consumer electronics industry is leading the market for FIWLP (Fan-in Wafer Level Package) in terms of application. However, automotive and aerospace and defense segment is anticipated to witness positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The major driving factors contributing in the growth of this market is increasing usage of smartphones and other portable advance semiconductor equipments, which is having a positive impact on the FIWLP market at the global level. In addition, rising opportunities in the medical field is fueling the growth of Fan-in WLP market. Furthermore, new advance technologies for cost effective packaging solutions across different industries are major factor behind the positive growth of this market. The market for fan-in wafer level packaging is expected to witness positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
1:19
River Ridge's Josh Braverman finishes weekend with two hurdles titles and one in 4x100 relay
WASHINGTON (AP) " Democratic lawmakers are suing President Donald Trump over foreign money flowing into their global business empire.
Almost 200 senators and representatives are plaintiffs in a lawsuit alleging Trump is violating the so-called emoluments clause of the Constitution. It's being filed early Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the lawmakers said.
The plaintiffs argue they have standing to sue because the clause says only Congress may approve foreign gifts and payments.
Although Trump turned over control of their real estate development, management and marketing company to their adult sons and a senior executive, they did not divest from it. That means they stand to benefit financially from the Trump Organization's profits, including from foreign governments.
(WSVN) - Everyone knows weather radar can pick up rain, snowstorms, tornadoes and hurricanes. Apparently it can also detect insects.
Earlier this week, the National Weather Service's bureau in Colorado shared interactive radar images of what they said was a 70-mile-wide swarm of butterflies.
At first, meterologists thought the butterflies were a flock of birds, tweeting “radar from last hour showing what we believe to be birds.” They followed up with a comment saying “Yes! This signature is butterflies, rarely seen on our radar.”
The butterflies on the radar where painted ladies, often mistaken for monarchs, according to USA Today. The news outlet says the insects have descended on Colorado's Front Range and are feeding on flowers.
Meteorologist Paul Schlatter says the color on the radar the butterflies' shape and direction, not their actual color. They travel in swarms that seem like clouds.
Look at what's flying into Denver! Radar from last hour showing what we believe to be birds. Any bird experts know what kind? #ornithology pic.twitter.com/EAqzdMwpFU — NWS Boulder (@NWSBoulder) October 3, 2017
Yes! This signature is butterflies, rarely seen on our radar. — NWS Boulder (@NWSBoulder) October 5, 2017
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GREEN RIVER — The Sweetwater County Commissioners will host a public hearing on a budget amendment to provide STAR Transit with additional funding at the regular meeting tomorrow morning.
The budget amendment would provide Sweetwater County Transit Authority Resource (STAR) with $11,799 in the 2017-2018 budget.
Salaries for those receiving funding from the county will be approved and released at this meeting, followed by a discussion setting the salaries for elected officials.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Commissioners will also hear an update from Communities Protecting the Green River. Don Hartley is set to present.
.
Agenda
The meeting is at 8:30 am on Tuesday, March 20 at the Sweetwater County Courthouse Commissioners Chambers.
The main agenda is as follows:
8:30 am – Public Hearing for Budget Amendment for STAR Transit Authority
8:30 am – Public Hearing for Planning & Zoning Steven & Marie Prater – Conditional Use Permit-Guest House MBI Energy – Conditional Use Permit Storage of Explosives Jon B. & Trudy Doak Living Trusts – Conditional Use Permit – Storage of Fuels Over Amount Allowed in l-1
8:50 am – Commissioner comments
9:40 am – County Resident Concerns
9:50 am – Approval of Human Service Agreement with Castle Rock Hospital District
9:55 am – Filing of the Positions and Salaries for Outside Entities Funded by Sweetwater County
10:00 am – Resolution to Set the Salaries for Elected Officials
10:05 am – Update from Communities Protecting the Green River
10:20 am – Museum Request and Consideration for Updated Storage Facility Needs
10:30 am – Board Appointments Solid Waste Disposal District #1 (Rock Springs) Solid Waste Disposal District #2 (Wamsutter-Bairoil) Planning & Zoning Weed and Pest
10:40 am – Approval of the 2018 Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant Agreement
10:45 am – CenturyLink Type A License on County Road #51 Blairtown Road
10:50 am – Dominion Energy Tyle A Permit – Foothill Blvd, Yellowstone Rd, and North of Fairway Estates
10:55 am – Request to Staff Seasonal Positions in the Engineering Department and the Road & Bridge Department
11:05 am – Request to Replace Chief Deputy – Assessor's Office
11:15 am – Request to Replace Positions in the Detention Center
11:25 am – Cooperative Law Enforcement Annual Operating Plan & Financial Plan Between SWCO Sheriff's Office and USDA, Forest Service Ashley National Forest
11:35 am – Cooperative Forest Road Agreement between SWO and the USDA, Forest Service Ashley National Forest
11:40 am – Employee Request for Education Expense Reimbursement
11:50 am – Request Approval of Administrative Services Agreement with UMR
Read the full agenda here.
View the full agenda and packet here.
ROME (AP) " Alessandro Murgia scored a last-gasp winner as Lazio beat Juventus 3-2 Sunday to win the Italian Super Cup after a wild end to the match.
Two goals from Ciro Immobile, including an opening penalty, had seemingly set Lazio on the way to a comfortable win. But Paulo Dybala netted a stunning free kick in the 85th minute and converted a penalty in the first minute of stoppage time.
The match appeared to be heading for extra time before Murgia, who had come on as an 80th-minute substitute, scored the winner.
The result goes some way to avenging Lazio's defeat to Juventus in the Italian Cup final in May.
Advertisement
The Italian Super Cup normally pits the league champion against the cup winner, but Juventus had again won the double last season.
Experts believe that the unveiling of Charter on Citizens' Rights by President Hassan Rouhani is a turning point in the country's development.
Apart from officials, people can play an effective and direct role in materializing the objectives of Citizens' Rights Charter.
Living up to one of their election campaign promises, President Hassan Rouhani unveiled Iran's first ever ‘Charter on Citizens' Rights' on December 19, 2016.
Although citizens' rights have been stated in the Third Chapter of the Constitution, Civil Law, Registration of Documents and Properties Law, and Islamic Penalty Act, a compilation of citizens' rights in a document is a major step toward materializing this legal, social, cultural and political right.
Hossein Ahmadi-Niaz, lawyer, said citizen is the one who belongs to his/her own area and social community.
Citizen is a human being with rights and respect, they pointed out.
This charter is a compilation of prevailing laws and regulations of the country, they said, adding the Third Chapter of the Constitution has considered the rights of the people.
Ahmadi-Niaz called for notifying all governor-general's offices, governor's offices, ministries and respective organizations of this charter.
The president should order all relevant organizations to implement Citizens' Laws, Ahmadi-Niaz added.
They said the charter should be published in schoolbooks. It should also be distributed among all citizens so that they are made aware of their rights, they noted.
Ahmadi-Niaz pointed out that Note One of Article 43 in Chapter Four of the Constitution talks about government spending on welfare and providing people with proper jobs and housing.
The lawyer called for the formation of an independent entity to oversee the implementation of citizen's rights.
Also, Reza Akbari-Nouri, a professor, said Citizens' Rights is a participative issue. Public demand will rise when people are informed of their rights, they added.
They said the course themed 'Life Skills and Citizenship Behavior' is taught in universities. In addition, Citizens' Rights will be taught in schools, they added.
Akbari-Nouri continued that Citizens' Rights has three parts: People-people relations, people-government relations and government-people relations.
Also, Ali Najafi, another lawyer, said: "We are proud that that we can declare in international communities that our president has concerns about citizens' rights."
The charter has over 20 preambles, including the right to life, health and quality of life, right to human dignity and equality, right to freedom and personal security, right to self-determination, right to good governance, freedom of thought and expression, right of access to information, right of access to cyberspace, right to privacy, and right of association, assembly and demonstration.
The charter contains 120 articles explaining each preamble.
‎Kano Pillars Football Club on Monday drew 1-1 draw with Niger Tornadoes in a week 12 match of the 2017/2018 Nigeria Professional Football League in Kano.
The rescheduled match which was played at the Sani Abacha Stadium was witnessed by large number of spectators as usual.
Niger Tornadoes surprised the hosts with good resilience from the first to the last blast of the referees whistle in Kano.
The visitors put much more pressure on their hosts in the opening minutes, resulting in a goal in the 19th minute of the game through Andrew Ikefe.
Pillars fought back in the second half, forcing the visitors to handle the ball in the six yard box which resulted in a penalty which Junior Lokosa converted in the 81st minute for the equaliser and increase their season tally to 11 goals.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Pillars fans wildly celebrated the equaliser, after having lost all hopes of their team coming back into the match.
Speaking later, Pillars handler, Ibrahim Musa commended their players for their fighting spirit and thanked the fans for believing in the team even in a difficult match.
Musa also added that their team would work on how to win their next match against Kwara United in Illorin.(NAN)
DETROIT (AP) " Young drivers aren't alone in behaving badly on U.S. roads, a trend that could be contributing to a spike in highway deaths.
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Younger drivers are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to at least one of those behaviors. But even mature drivers skirted the rules more often researchers expected. For instance, 10 percent of drivers between 60 and 74 have texted or sent email from behind the wheel, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd driven through a light that had just turned red.
"It was a surprise that there were relatively high rates of these behaviors among the drivers we think of as safer," said Lindsay Arnold, a research associate with the AAA Foundation.
Arnold said the responses were similar to those in past years, indicating a troubling trend. In 2015, U.S. traffic deaths rose 7 percent to 35,092, the largest single-year increase in five decades. They're expected to rise again in 2016 when that data is finalized.
"It points to the need to improve driver behavior if we're going to reverse this alarming trend," Arnold said.
Teen driver education campaigns have had some success, foundation spokesperson Tamra Johnson said. Now the organization is considering the best ways to reach drivers of other ages.
The study found broad agreement on some issues. Eighty-seven percent of drivers said they have never driven when they thought they were close to the legal alcohol limit. Ninety-five percent said they had never driven within an hour of using marijuana. Eighty-eight percent of drivers say it's unacceptable to drive without a seat belt, and 82 percent support laws requiring motorcycle riders to wear helmets.
But drivers' behavior sometimes contradicted their own instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month and 8 percent do so often. Ninety-six percent of drivers say drowsy driving is a serious safety threat, but 29 percent had recently driven when they were so tired they had trouble keeping their eyes open.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Editorial: Date set for tight election race
The study questioned 2,511 licensed drivers aged 16 and over. Among its findings:
" The youngest drivers " those ages 16 to 18 " were less likely to engage in speeding, running red lights or texting while driving than drivers in their 20s through 50s.
" Eighty-three percent of drivers " and 86.5 percent of drivers 75 or older " said they were more careful than other drivers on the road.
" Just over half of drivers feel seriously threatened by drivers talking on cell phones, but 68 percent made a call while driving in the last 30 days.
" Drivers ages 40-59 were the most likely to use a hands-free phone in the car. Driver ages 16-18 and 75 or older were the most likely to hold their phones and talk while driving.
" Twenty-three percent of drivers " and 36 percent of those ages 19 to 24 " think it's acceptable to drive 15 mph over the speed limit on a freeway. Forty-six percent of drivers say they have driven that fast on a freeway in the last 30 days.
" Sixty percent of drivers say people who drive after using illegal drugs are a serious threat, but just 34 percent say the same about people who drive after using prescription drugs.
The New Zealand arm of Domino's Pizza Enterprises is helping the company rake in the dough, with a strong first-half profit.
The ASX-listed pizza business, which operates 106 stores in New Zealand, posted net profit after tax of A$59.7 million ($63.8m) for the six months to January 1 - up 30.8 per cent on the same period the year before.
Domino's New Zealand general manager Scott Bush said while the result was a good one, the New Zealand arm of the business had been performing well for years.
"Our good solid growth has been going for a while, so we're doing a lot of the heavy lifting," Bush said.
"Obviously it's a different business ratio in terms of outlets and everything else but from a percentage perspective we're punching on really well," they said.
Group sales totalled A$1.17b, up 26.8 per cent, marking the first time the company had made sales of more than A$1b in a half-year period.
Total revenue for the half-year was up 21.1 per cent to A$539.4m and the company said it was expecting a stronger full year profit - about 32.5 per cent up on the prior year.
Group chief executive Don Meij attributed the result to its focus on digital innovation, easy payment solutions and investment in premium ingredients, as well as support for its recently upgraded menu.
In its results briefing, the company sought to reassure shareholders after revealing it had returned A$4.5m in unpaid wages to staff over the last three years and seen 26 franchisees leave after internal audits.
Continued below.
Related Content Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Your views: Readers letters' Editorial: Date set for tight election race
Meij said the there was "no correlation between store profitability and the underpayment of staff wages" and the company had zero tolerance for unethical behaviour.
"I make no apologies for expecting the highest standards from our franchisees," Meij said.
"Due to our investment in proactive compliance we have identified some franchisees who have wilfully breached their obligations to their team members."
Domino's said over the past three years, it had conducted 456 store spot checks, completed 102 store audits via a third-party audit process, with 42 ongoing, and investigated 88 individual complaints, with 25 ongoing.
Bush said they were aware of the issues in Australia but said the New Zealand branch regularly did audits to ensure this was not happening.
"The [franchise issues] haven't affected New Zealand at all at this stage," Bush said.
"Obviously I'm aware of what's been in the media and everything else but at this point it hasn't affected the New Zealand business and there's no reason why it should."
The Domino's New Zealand business successfully trialled its first pizza delivery by drone last year, and Bush said it was moving into the second phase of trialling the delivery method.
Nine further stores were under construction and Bush said they expected to grow store numbers to over 120 by the end of the year.
The Group operates in seven markets including Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Japan and Germany as well as Australia and New Zealand.
The company said it planned to open between 175 and 195 new stores this year across the group.
Domino's will pay an interim dividend of 48.4c in March, up 39.5 per cent on the previous period.
- NZ Herald
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Maikanti Baru, on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. The People's Democrati...
Shares in Dublin-based UDG Healthcare fell by as much as 5 per cent in early trade on the back of an analyst downgrade.
The price of the London-listed stock rebounded by mid morning and was down just over 2 per cent at £8.10 (€8.90).
Liberum analyst Graham Doyle downgraded the stock to a ‘hold' rating from a ‘buy' rating. They said the company's 2018 investments are likely to be greater than expected. They therefore anticipates organic growth of 9 per cent as opposed to the previous forecast of 15 per cent growth.
UDG's Ashfield business, which commercialises drugs, is the main reason cited by Mr Doyle for the downgrade. They believe that the investments in Ashfield being made by management mean that earnings growth will be stymied.
Mr Doyle also noted that the Sharp business, UDG's drug packaging arm, is likely to face headwinds in the US in the coming six months.
Shares in the company are up by some 25 per cent since Liberum started rating the healthcare company in October 2016.
Buying a car is not an easy task since you have a lot of things to consider from the start. If you are interested in a new one, the task gets a lot easier and you can start looking for offers. If you are looking for a used one, you can rely on Dubai classified ads for the answers. If you know how to filter through them, Dubai classifieds cars can help.
But how will you be able to filter through the results to find the one you are interested in? How will you know if you are getting the best deal for it or if you will get ripped off in the process? If you use the web to find what you had in mind, your task will become a lot easier and be able to save a great deal of time and money from the start as well.
The make of a car is usually one of the first things you use in your search. This happens because people are drawn to certain makes because they offer better quality than others and this is one of the most important aspects that will guarantee your peace of mind in the long run. You have to rely on the experience of others to get an idea about this.
The model of the car is also important because this is the one that will offer the satisfaction you had in mind. You can look for a coupe sports car or a minivan for the entire family. You can search for van or even a big truck you can use to haul goods. No matter what you seek, you have to be sure you will find a model that will meet your demands.
The year the car was made in is also important. A used car can be a hidden treasure, but at the same time it can be a total wreck. Older cars are usually the ones that can hide a lot of problems due to the time they have spent on the road, but they are also cheaper. You have to decide how much you are willing to invest in a car before you commit.
Filtering through Dubai classified cars is not so hard as long as you know what you are interested in. Apart from the things you have read about here, you can focus on a range of other features that will lead you to the vehicle of your dreams. The more time you invest in this, the surer you will be about the choice you will make in the end as well.
If you want to sell your old car, Dubai classified ads can help you with it as well. There are many interested buyers out there and a site like this can help you get in touch with them a lot easier. Why waste time and money when you can get the job done a lot easier? You can buy, sell or even swap your car to get the upgrade you had in mind.
Dubai classified ads can open a lot of doors when it comes to buying car. If you do not want to be ripped off and you are looking for the solutions you can work with, Dubai classifieds cars should be the first sources you turn to for it.
by
But someone has to do it, so the cliche goes concerning a totally pleasant experience that seems almost surreal. So, ten days in Bordeaux and its surrounding vineyard-stocked countryside was truly wonderful and enriching. Relaxing, too.
For eight days, my wife and I were happy, passive passengers on a Viking long ship as it cruised the Garonne, Gironde and Dordogne rivers in southwest France, with numerous excursions led by experienced and knowledgeable guides. If wine were not the main subject, then food dominated the dialogue.
We spent two extra days in Bordeaux after the cruise with our 17-year-old grandson, who has been spending a high school year abroad in Toulouse. They kindly took a train from their adopted city to enable us to see Bordeaux through the eyes and reactions of a young man who has been immersed in French culture for eight months. We also appreciated their command of the language. Dealing with merchants and waiters was much easier due to our grandson.
The 185 passengers on the Viking Forseti included people from the United States, Great Britain, Canada, New Zealand, and Mexicans. Our fellow Americans hailed from Iowa, Arizona, California, Oregon, Washington state, Minnesota, Oklahoma and New York State, among other states. We met no other Marylanders.
This was our second Viking journey. Many others also were repeat customers.
As noted, wine and food underscored the major focus of this trip. I do not drink the former but enjoy the latter. At one point, in the village of St. Emilion, surrounded by lush fields of vineyards, the guide said that wine was religion in that area. St. Emilion even had its own saint of wine. It may seem far-fetched to this Diet Coke-devotee—but not so much when you realize that the growing of grapes and the production drive the economy in the Bordeaux region and burnish its well-cultivated worldwide reputation.
>According to the ship's program director, 23 bottles of Bordeaux wine are sold every second in this world. That's impressive.
We learned that during World War II, the Nazis, who occupied France, enjoyed the wine, shipping barrels back to Germany. The French Resistance, intent on protecting its culture and beloved wine, often served the dregs to the rapacious Germans. And, so the story goes, French resistance fighters would board trains to German and spill the barrels of wine.
The Germans could occupy France but not destroy the wine—without paying a price for their greed.
As we traveled the wide rivers, we were struck by its muddiness and lack of boat and ship traffic. The Gironde, an estuary, leads to the Atlantic Ocean. Countervailing wave action, interacting with the soft soil, apparently create the muddy appearance. I could not find an answer to the solitude of the rivers—so very different from our Eastern Shore waterways, including the estuary that is the Chesapeake Bay.
Speaking of soil, I learned that wine-growing grapes depend on the soil, rain, sun, temperatures, strong and deep roots—and no fertilizer. I learned that the best wines emanate from vines that are at least 10-years-old, if not more. Laborers comprise Spaniards, Portuguese and students. Vineyards and wine production have been in the hands of some families for hundreds of years. In one area, pebbles are part of the “terroir” (soil and climate), producing heat for the vines at night.
Bordeaux is a port city. In recent years, it has experienced a surge of development, spurred by a revival of the waterfront, marked by parks and constant activity. A speedy train now can reach Paris in two hours; hence, commuter travel has increased considerably. It also has hiked property values spurred by relocated Parisians, a reality scorned, we were told, by Bordelaise.
Pedestrian shopping areas in Bordeaux contribute to the vibrancy of the city. These urban spaces, mostly untouched by cars, create a livable and pleasant way to shop and congregate. Really refreshing.
Traveling under the hospitable and friendly umbrella of Viking River Cruises is an unbeatable experience for us. Only 190 passengers fill the long ship. Food and service are superb. Intense training in customer service is obvious. This is not a promotional flack piece for Viking—just testimony from a very satisfied customer.
One last but important point: the weather was warm and comfortable. We had to travel to France to find 80-degree weather. My gosh did it feel different than home.
We're glad we traveled to southwest France. We're very happy to be home. Back to life on our own.
Columnist Howard Freedlander retired in 2011 as Deputy State Treasurer of the State of Maryland. Previously, they were the executive officer of the Maryland National Guard. They also served as community editor for Chesapeake Publishing, lastly at the Queen Anne's Record-Observer. In retirement, Howard serves on the boards of several non-profits on the Eastern Shore, Annapolis and Philadelphia.
Earlier this year, the West Midlands was hailed as the most valuable region in the UK economy.
Between 2015 and 2017, Birmingham and the surrounding areas generated more growth than any other part of the UK, according to Lloyds Bank.
Once called the “workshop of the world”, this industrial heartland is still home to many innovative manufacturing firms. But the West Midlands has also developed strong technology, creative and digital sectors.
As LDC launches its Backing Business Ambition tour, this hive of activity makes the West Midlands a natural starting point.
The mid-market private equity firm said the advantages of being based in the region are clear - it is centrally located, close to several top universities, and in possession of a robust supply chain.
And with Andy Street, previously managing director of John Lewis, now championing the West Midlands in government as the region's Mayor, its prospects for growth look set to continue.
LDC hailed the ambitious mid-sized firms in the region who are driving innovation, export prowess and job creation.
Four such firms are RDM, Titania, Mercato, and the NEC Group, which have all become market leaders in their respective industries.
One common thread that unites them all is their ability to turn challenge into opportunity: turning the skills shortages in their sectors to their advantage, for example.
Despite pressures arising from Brexit and political upheaval, these firms attest to the continuing resilience and vibrancy of the West Midlands.
Keep up to date with LDC's Backing Business Ambition tour by clicking here
Titania: Intelligent software firm joins the fight against cyber criminals
Cybersecurity firm Titania has created a super-charged algorithm that can seek out software vulnerabilities and fight hackers without any human input.
Developed by founder Ian Whiting – a former “ethical hacker” – from their bedroom, it now exports its technology to 80 countries, growing 400pc last year.
Despite employing just 50 people, it helps giants such as PayPal, BT, and the FBI keep their data safe.
“There aren't enough skilled people in the cybersecurity industry so by using automation to take care of certain processes, you free up the human beings,” says Whiting.
“Our software is lightning fast, and totally accurate. Our next move is to help protect smaller businesses from the bad guys too.”
RDM: The carmaker driving innovation in autonomous vehicles
The West Midlands may seem an unlikely home for the world's most advanced autonomous vehicle technology, but hi-tech engineering firm RDM has put it on the map.
The business has built a self-driving pod, which is currently used for carrying people and cargo short distances in city centres, and helping those with mobility issues.
It has customers as far afield as Australia and governments around the world are vying to use its technology to help their citizens, while retail giants are eyeing up the technology to transport goods around their vast warehouses.
“This industry is hotting up, and it's hard to keep up with all the enquiries coming in worldwide,” says RDM boss David Keene.
“By the end of this year, we'll have autonomous cars out on the roads and we're already looking at new applications, like vehicles to go into hazardous areas.”
Mercato: IT problem solver helps clients of all sizes adapt to the digital age
Birmingham-based technology firm Mercato works with clients such as IBM and Transport for London to modernise old-fashioned processes and bring them online.
“Wherever there's a system that involves a person, a clipboard, and a spreadsheet, we can turn that into software that can be accessed anywhere, any time,” explains boss Peter Robbins.
The business has tapped into global demand, generating 40pc of its revenues from exports, and growing significantly over the past three years.
The skills shortage in the IT sector has created a huge opportunity for Mercato, which adapted by creating applications for its customers that are easily used by a layperson.
It also found a workaround for the shortage of skilled developers, hiring non-technical staff and training them up in house.
Today, it is a major employer in Birmingham, with 110 staff.
NEC Group: Vision to Value - Bringing the music hall into the 21st century
From pop star Ed Sheeran to darts tournaments and dog-lovers' favourite Crufts, the NEC Group's range of venues across the UK offer something for everyone.
The business welcomes almost seven million people each year across all of its sites.
And a new deal with entertainment giant Merlin - which will see a LEGOLAND Discovery Centre open at the Barclaycard Arena in 2018 and another
Merlin attraction at the NEC - will significantly increase the total number of visitors to the NEC Group's two Birmingham venue locations.
In 2015, LDC backed the management buyout of the venue management company from Birmingham City Council in a deal which valued the business at more than £300 millon.
“LDC's investment allowed us to realise our business plan and provided the freedom we needed as a privately held business to move quickly, invest in our staff, products and services, customer reach and offer,” says chief executive Paul Thandi, who has increased revenues and profit steadily since the deal.
“It has brought a real singularity of purpose.”
One of the great plays for the NEC is now in data, Thandi reveals.
“We know who our visitors are, where they come from and what they want,” they say.
The result: many areas of the company have seen as much as a 30pc uplift in customer spend.
“LDC is an active investor that is always interested in ways we can develop the business, customer offer and staff,” adds Thandi.
“We've got renewed energy which in itself has led to double digit efficiency gains.”
Andy Lyndon, head of LDC in the Midlands, gives an insight into the firm's work with businesses in the region
“This year, LDC celebrates 30 years' supporting businesses across the Midlands.
“Over that time, we've invested a total of £1.2bn in 150 ambitious and innovative firms.
“Being local to the businesses we back are very important to the team here. It means we can go out and see business owners, and they can visit us, which makes us part of the fabric of this entrepreneurial community.
“While the Midlands is home to many different types of business operating across a wide spread of industries, it certainly hasn't lost its heritage as the “workshop of the world”.
“We've backed a lot of companies in the manufacturing and engineering sectors. But the fast-growing knowledge economy in the region has also created many fast-growing IT businesses, and innovative consumer brands.
“Ultimately, we are looking for ambitious management teams who want our support to meet their growth goals.
“Be that through opening up international expansion opportunities, helping to buy and integrate complementary businesses or providing investment tounlock growth potential.
“Our model is firmly a partnership – we don't want to take over, and we aren't looking for control. The NEC Group is one such example of ambition and partnership, but we have many more across our portfolio.
"The region really is a hotbed of entrepreneurship, full of hidden gems that are poised to become the big successes of tomorrow.”
Keep up to date with LDC's Backing Business Ambition tour by clicking here
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Porcelain Glaze Coating Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Porcelain Glaze Coating market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel, BASF, PPG, Nippon Paint Holdings, Jotun, Sherwin-Williams, Sherwin-Williams, Maydos. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Porcelain Glaze Coating Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Porcelain Glaze Coating market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Porcelain Glaze Coating market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Porcelain Glaze Coating. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Porcelain Glaze Coating in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Solvent-based Resin Coating, Water Soluble Resin Coating.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Residential, Commercial Use.
Key Highlights Of The Porcelain Glaze Coating Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-porcelain-glaze-coating-market/10367/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Porcelain Glaze Coating new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Porcelain Glaze Coating market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Porcelain Glaze Coating industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The Interstate 15 Express Lanes will be closed intermittently at night for the next 12 weeks for SANDAG to still install new signs that will more clearly display who can use the lanes.
The agency's recent research showed that the existing signage is difficult to read and confusing for drivers about who can use the lanes, the estimated travel times to upcoming freeway connectors and real-time FasTrak toll rates.
With input from commuters, SANDAG said the new signs will address these issues.
SANDAG has started installing the new signs on Thursday starting on the northbound lanes in Kearney Mesa. The installations are done between 9 p.m. and 5 a.m. to minimize impacts to traffic, the agency said.
Drivers can expect lane closures during those times. Regular toll rates still apply during the installation window, SANDAG said.
No changes will be made to rules regarding who can use the Express Lanes nor the toll charges, the agency said.
The N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission is seeking the public's assistance with a new citizen science project that will help the agency answer the question, “Where do people see alligators in North
Carolina?” Anyone, whether a resident or visitor, who spots an alligator in the wild in North Carolina is asked to upload and share their or their photos on the project
titled “NC Alligators,” which launched recently on the free online platform iNaturalist. People can upload their photos via a computer at iNaturalist.org or they can download the free iNaturalist app, which is available for iPhone and Android. “Submitting an alligator observation is very easy,” said Alicia Davis, a natural resources technician with the Commission and the project curator.
“If you see an alligator and can take a picture, you simply upload the photo to iNaturalist and add it to the NC Alligators project.
“If the picture you upload was taken with a smartphone, the iNaturalist platform automatically gathers data on when and where the photo was taken.
“Observers should exercise caution and keep a safe distance away when photographing alligators,” Davis added. “It's easy to get caught up in the excitement of seeing an alligator and get too close, which could be dangerous,” Davis said. “Also, we don't want people feeding them to get a better picture. Not only is that dangerous for both the observer and the animal, but it is also illegal.”
The commission launched the “NC Alligators” project to learn more about the distribution of alligators in the state. Currently, alligators have a natural distribution range of about 25 coastal counties in North Carolina, which is the northern extent of the alligator's range. Previous scientific work has shown that researchers need to monitor alligators so they can better understand how alligator populations respond to habitat changes, such as saltwater intrusion, fluctuation in water levels, and habitat loss.
People who want to report observations but do not want to use iNaturalist can send their alligator observations directly to Davis at
alicia.davis@ncwildlife.org. The email should include a photo of the alligator, when it was observed (date and time), the location where it was found (GPS coordinates are best, but a detailed location description is acceptable), estimation of size class, hatchling-3 feet, 3-6 feet, 6-9 feet, more than 9 feet, unknown.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Missing boat captain John Knowles' wife Marita Finau and their two-year-old son Jimmy Knowles at their home in Kulukulu, Sigatoka. Picture: REPEKA NASIKO
THE wife of missing boat captain John Knowles is hopeful that their husband and son, Iliesa, will return home in Kulukulu, Sigatoka.
The pair had been missing since Saturday when they left at 9pm to fish near the mouth of the Sigatoka River.
Mr Knowles' wife Marita Finau, who's expecting their second child with the experienced seaman, says they have faith in their husband's knowledge of the sea.
"He doesn't take any risks," they said.
"When it's bad weather, they don't go out, but Saturday the weather was really good."
They said their husband promised they would return by Sunday morning.
"I knew something was wrong when it went past 8am.
"Sometimes when they don't come at 8 in the morning, they would return by 1pm, but when it went past that time, I knew that something wasn't right."
They said they immediately alerted the police that the pair were missing.
"We've been searching everywhere. I know the police have alerted the Navy and pilots that could be flying over the Sigatoka River."
They said despite being missing for over 24 hours, they were still hopeful that they would be found safe.
"I'm still praying that they return home.
"My husband will keep my son safe."
Mrs Knowles was at their Kulukulu residence in Sigatoka yesterday when news of a wreck was found by a family friend.
The mother of three could not hold back their tears when images of the wrecked boat and a life jacket were found near the Sigatoka Sand Dunes.
Yesterday, police confirmed the report lodged by Mrs Knowles.
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro said the search continued for the missing pair along the Sigatoka River.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Periodontics Dental Consumables Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143362/request-sample
Periodontics Dental Consumables market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Periodontics Dental Consumables Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Periodontics Dental Consumables industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Periodontics Dental Consumables Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Periodontics Dental Consumables market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-periodontics-dental-consumables-market-professional-survey-report-143362.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Periodontics Dental Consumables market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Periodontics Dental Consumables market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Periodontics Dental Consumables industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Periodontics Dental Consumables market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
The Global Digital Pathology Market is growing with the rapid pace; mainly due technologically advanced diagnostic tools for the chronic diseases such as cancer has upsurged the demand for digital pathology. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The Global Digital Pathology Market is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period growing rapidly. The market is forecasted to demonstrate a spectacular growth by 2022, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2022).
The market is expected grow with the same trends during the forecast period. The major drivers will be rapid technological advancements in digital pathology system such as advancements in digital imaging, robotic light microscopy, and multiple fiber optic communications among others. Moreover, growing prevalence of chronic conditions, that has expected to uplift the demand for digital pathology in order to improve existing patient diagnostic imaging measures and reduce high cost associated with the traditional diagnostics methods. For instance, as per National Pathology Programme, nearly 800 million tests are being performed annually which is equal to 14 for each person in England and Wales. Additionally, increasing R&D applications of static and dynamic systems is fostering the market growth of Digital Pathology Market.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1955 .
Key Players for Global Digital Pathology Market
Some of the key players in this market are: microDimensions GmbH, Mikroscan Technologies, Inc., Q2 Solutions, Omnyx, LLC, GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare, Huron Digital Pathology Inc, ViewsIQ Inc., 3DHISTECH Ltd, Apollo Enterprise Imaging Corp., Xifin, Inc., Definiens and others.
Global Digital Pathology Market – Competitive Analysis
The market for digital pathology is characterised by the presence of several well-established and small players, the Global market of digital pathology appears to be highly competitive and fragmented. Global players are increasingly expanding their footprint in the emerging nations, making it putting pressure on the regional players, especially in terms of features such as type, product portfolios, and pricing. The market is witnessing intensified competition which is expected to get more intensified further during the forecast period. Well established players are entering into mergers & acquisitions, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and product launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position.
Companies like Leica Biosystems; Hamamatsu Photonics, Inc.; and Olympus Corporation are increasingly adopting extensive collaborative strategies to gain more profits and capturing new markets. For instance, in March 2017, Leica Biosystems entered into a strategic partnership with Leeds Hospital to improve productivity and workflow.
Key participants like Royal Philips has acquired the Irish PathXL, one of the largest pathology, image-based analysis firms in order to develop integrated tools targeting applications in computational biology, workflow solutions, education, and image analytics. In addition, these key activities the companies are aiming towards supporting the gradual transition of medical institutions present across the globe from the conventional pathology systems to digital pathology systems.
Thus, we can say that these competitive developments will further enable pathologists to perform high-throughput analysis of clinical image datasets that are diverse in nature and expedite improvement in the diagnosis quality, thereby presenting a potential for adoption new ad improved therapies to enhance patient health outcomes.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1955 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-pathology-market .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
By Marie-Therese Nanlong
Jos—Following renewed attacks and killings in Barkin Ladi and Riyom Local Government areas of Plateau State, Berom people have appealed to the state government not to allow peace efforts made in the last three years go to waste, but do more to protect defenceless people.
The people, on the platform of Berom Educational and Cultural Organisation, BECO, described the month of May as “a bloody one for them due to the resurgence of silent killings and wanton destruction of farmlands.”
Briefing journalists yesterday at the BECO Secretariat in Jos, Vice President of the organisation, Da Iliya Kim, in company of other registered Berom organisations, highlighted the number of attacks and people killed between April 8 and May 29, and appealed that the White Paper on the Berom-Fulani Peace and Reconciliation Committee set up by Governor Simon Lalong be released and implemented.
They said: “We have statistics that 33,000 people are displaced, 54 communities taken over by herdsmen, our people are being harassed and sent out of their ancestral homes and efforts to get back to rebuild their homes have met with stiff resistance.”
A new deal between Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes could be delayed.
Earlier, team boss Toto Wolff said they hoped a contract to keep the quadruple world champion at Mercedes beyond 2018 would be agreed by Melbourne.
"We started talking about it but it's not really my priority at the moment," Hamilton said at a sponsor event, according to Spain's Diario Sport.
"I want to keep racing, so I have to renew it at some point, but I will not do it when others want me to. I'll do it when everything is ready," Hamilton added.
In the past couple of days, Wolff said Hamilton may be tempted by a move to Ferrari.
But Hamilton said "loyalty" is important to him.
"Red is my favourite colour," they are quoted by Italy's La Repubblica. "But I'm fine where I am.
"Loyalty is a value my father taught me. I've changed teams only twice in my career so I'm not the type that jumps from here to there."
However, Hamilton admits they have received offers from Maranello.
"Yes, but they cannot have all the drivers they want," they said. "And I say that as a great Ferrari fan. It's a fantastic team and I love racing against them."
It is likely that Hamilton and Wolff are merely debating the details of their new contract, including the retainer and the duration.
Hamilton said: "I do not want to retire soon or prematurely. I could race up to 40 if I wanted, but I don't think I'm going to do that.
"I could stay another year or two, but if I'm going to be as excited as I am for a new season in two years time, I cannot really guess now," they added.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times US economy sheds 33,000 jobs in September, but wage growth picks up
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
NEW YORK (AP) — Protesters and heavy security are ready to greet President Donald Trump as they return to their New York City home for the first time since their inauguration.
More than 1,000 demonstrators were in pens police erected across the street from Trump Tower by early Monday evening, hours before their expected arrival.
An inflatable caricature of Trump is rising above pedestrians on a nearby block.
Police have stationed sand-filled sanitation trucks as barriers around the skyscraper and layers of metal police barricades around the main entrance.
Among the protesters is the Rev. Jan Powell, a retired United Church of Christ minister. They say she's bothered by the Republican president's response to the white supremacist rally that descended into violence Saturday in Virginia.
Trump initially blamed “many sides” for the violence. They now say “racism is evil.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A contemporary pool fence incorporates glass panels in a semi-framed or frameless design introducing a exclusive streamlined appeal that is simple to keep. When choosing a fence for swimming pools it will have to meet regulatory requirements for security and not possess gaps massive enough for toddlers to climb by way of. Understanding the benefits of using a far more economical design can offer a multitude of added benefits. Get much more details about glass pool fencing sydney
Security glass is definitely an effective barrier and may be designed into a beautifully completed and contemporary style to best complement the residence. The panels are secured by bolts and drilling in to the surrounding concrete providing various design choices. The strong style of fencing is usually a appropriate border to guard youngsters or pets from entering the pool area without the need of supervision and is not as harsh or obtrusive as metal fences.
Glass fences are most attractive surrounding pools providing a neat and modern day, customized result. The smooth edging surrounding the border ensures safety in and about the structure and is constructed from thick material proving resistant against extreme climate situations. The panels and steel posts necessary in construction are pricey, but present exceptional durability.
Paneling situated about swimming pools are uncomplicated to help keep clean and provide a highly durable finish. To maintain wooden and metal fencing in good condition can come to be a expensive method as wood attributes will want standard application of varnish and metal, rust prevention approaches. To produce a crystal clear outcome, a wipe down having a compatible solution will get rid of any prints, smudges, stains and dirt.
The clear glass boundary will produce an illusion of a larger space in comparison to strong wood or steel fences. Customized fences are developed for any size or shape of pool and will not take up considerably of your yard owing to its streamlined design. The clear paneling tends to make it less complicated to view the garden at all times and ensure that no pets or young children have entered the location devoid of help.
Fences should be created for the goal of improving security in and about the swimming pools. Households with little ones are expected to set up a fence that does not involve any footholds or platforms that would allow one to climb onto the structure and use it as a diving board. Glass panels don't possess key gaps preventing toddlers from squeezing via bars and planks as with classic borders.
The correct thickness of glass has to be chosen to provide high levels of durability against everyday wear and tear. Panels are constructed for weather resistance and present reliable characteristics to decrease breakage with exposure towards the components more than time. It can be quick to keep, proves most economical, and must be installed by skilled and reliable contractors experienced in framed and frameless characteristics.
Pool fencing can prove aesthetically pleasing with modern day solutions and styles accessible to suit every single property. Glass panels prove tough and are beautifully created supplying a sense of spaciousness for little or bigger gardens. A professional contractor can make the preferred thickness for panels and make sure that it delivers the safety requirements necessary to minimize accidents around swimming pools.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
Advertisement
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
They said they want training to fix or program the robots that they believe could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis claims responsibility for Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A typed version of the 1916 surrender letter of Patrick Pearse made £263,000 (€299,000) at an auction in London, more than twice its upper estimate of £120,000.
It follows the abortive private sale of a more valuable handwritten version in Dublin last December.
Diarmaid Ferriter, professor or modern Irish history at UCD, described the latest sale as a “disgusting” example of how critically important historical State documents end up in private hands.
The “Order of Surrender” brought the 1916 Rising to an end. As many as 10 copies, about seven of them typed by the British army and signed by Pearse, are thought to be in existence.
Variations are held in the National Library of Ireland, in the Imperial War Museum in London and by private collectors, often unidentified, around the world.
The typed copy sold by Bonhams on Wednesday bears a tricolour stamp depicting William Allen, Michael Larkin and William O'Brien, the “Manchester Martyrs”, hanged for the killing of a police constable.
Anonymous
The successful bidder has chosen to remain anonymous but is understood not to be based in the UK or Ireland.
“How does this end up in private hands for profit? It's disgusting,” said Prof Ferriter shortly after the announcement. “There is just too much ambiguity about all this. They are not documents that belong in private hands. Patrick Pearse is signing them in their capacity as a member of the provisional government.”
Last December, controversy surrounded a similar auction of a handwritten version of the letter at Adam's auctioneers in Dublin. That document was ultimately withdrawn when bids peaked at €770,000 - considerably shy of its guide price of €1 million to €1.5 million.
Its anonymous owner applied for an export licence which was subsequently delayed by the Department of Arts for a period of one year, even though Minister Heather Humphreys had ruled out a State bid. The letter is currently on public display at the GPO.
“I think that's what it's worth,” said Adams director Stuart Cole of the latest sale. “It's a justification of the importance of it as an historical document.”
Mr Cole said the letter their house had for sale last December was a unique document compared to Wednesday's version, given the former was the final communication written in Pearse's hand, bringing to an end fighting in the North Brunswick Street area of Dublin.
Its sale was provocative. During the auction, Sinn Féin councillor Mícheál Mac Donncha stood up to protest saying it was “one of the most important documents in Irish history”, before being led from the building.
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe they would have read it out if he'd had their druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when they wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When they acted in that way, they were operating according to their instinct. And their instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
LAS VEGAS (AP) " The famous neon sign of a cowgirl in downtown Las Vegas has been taken town as part of the construction of a planned casino-resort.
After more than two decades on Freemont Street, "Vegas Vickie" was dismantled Tuesday.
Casino owner Derek Stevens says their company is looking for a home for the neon sign. It was created in 1980 and originally dubbed "Sassy Sally" after a casino of that name.
Stevens' company is planning to transform the space previously occupied by the Las Vegas Club.
Preview: Wales v Scotland
Principality Stadium, Saturday, 2.15, Live on TV: TV3, BBC 1
Warren Gatland will on Saturday equal Bernard Laporte's 98 Tests in charge of one country for a Six Nations coach and by the summer will have eclipsed Sir Graham Henry's all-time record of 103.
One day after the 10th anniversary of their first match in charge of Wales, the New Zealander is the first coach in history to reach a decade at the helm and would have reached their century in 2016 but for two Lions sabbaticals.
They arrived when Wales were in a familiar crisis, dumped out of a World Cup at the group stage, but won the Grand Slam at the first attempt, repeated it four years later after guiding Wales to a World Cup semi-final and when they pipped England to the Six Nations title in 2013, the side were in their most successful period since the golden era of the 1970s.
As Gatland, who is pitting their wits against their 19th Six Nations opposite number in Gregor Townsend, prepares for resurgent Scotland, they are facing their most demanding time since they arrived in Cardiff at the end of 2007. Wales have not won the Six Nations since 2013, the last time they defeated England in the tournament, and in 2017 they lost more matches than they won in the championship for the first time since the start of the decade.
Comeback
Gatland is grappling with an injury list that includes seven of last summer's Lions while an eighth, Ross Moriarty, is two matches into their comeback from a back injury the number 8 at one point feared might force them to retire. Gatland has throughout their coaching career confronted adversity head-on, forging a unity of purpose and desire that has often camouflaged a relative lack of resources.
They delight in confounding opinion which is why in the past two weeks they have constantly referred to the expectation that now surrounds Scotland who, despite their poor away record in the championship and no victory in Cardiff since 2002, are fancied to start the Six Nations with a win on the road for the first time.
Wales have in the last two years modified the style that brought them success without abandoning its sinewy foundation. It is to the familiar they are likely to return against a team who thrive in broken play despite the presence of 10 players from the country's leading region, the Scarlets, who push boundaries as much as Glasgow, evoking memories of Wales's 2005 Grand Slam rather than Gatland's two.
It is as much of a misconception that the Scarlets are all frills as it is a fantasy that all Barry John did was run with the ball. Winning rugby comes in more than one guise and Wales's perceived advantage against Scotland will be up front where their opponents have been beset by injuries. The more scrums the powerful Scarlets' frontrow have, the greater the chance of Wales winning with a Frenchman, Pascal Gaüzère, in charge.
Rejuvenation
In their past seven internationals Gaüzère has sent off four players and pointed 16 to the sin-bin, including the Scotland captain, John Barclay. Pressure leads to penalties and this referee has a low tolerance threshold. They have, though, refereed Scotland three times in the past year, including their last match, against Australia in November, and as the Wallabies discovered, they are better equipped than most to ruthlessly exploit a man advantage.
Scotland's rejuvenation in the past couple of years has been timely with South Africa and France both in a prolonged slump, but this match will be a test of their character and nerve more than ability. On the surface, Wales's thirst for victory should be the greater with away matches to England and Ireland to follow while their opponents are home to France and England, but this is the moment for Scotland to show tangible signs of progress.
They threatened in Paris last year before succumbing to the relentless power and force of France. Scotland resemble New Zealand in their capacity to turn defence into attack and frolic in open spaces but the All Blacks have mastery at the set pieces and are never bullied. When Scotland adds meat to their spicy sauce, they will be contenders again. If the autumn is for building teams and styles, the Six Nations is about concocting a winning blend. Gatland did so quickly with Wales and, as neutrals cheer for Scotland, Townsend has to do the same.
– Guardian Service
LARAMIE — Comedian and actor Ken Jeong will perform a stand-up comedy set in the University of Wyoming College of Arts and Sciences auditorium Saturday, Oct. 6, at 8 p.m. Doors will open at 7 p.m.
Jeong's UW appearance is a ticketed event and is open to the public. Tickets for the public will be available beginning Tuesday, Sept. 4.
Jeong's breakout role was the 2009 sleeper-hit comedy “The Hangover” as the Asian mobster “Mr. Chow” that earned them three Teen Choice nominations and an MTV Movie Award. They also reprised the same role in two more “Hangover” films.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Since their feature film debut playing a doctor in “Knocked Up” in 2007, Jeong has appeared in a number of scene-stealing roles in a series of successful comedies.
In 2008, Jeong had their first major role opposite Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott as the villain in Judd Apatow's film “Role Models.” That same year, they also appeared in the cult comedy hits “Pineapple Express” and “Step Brothers.”
Their other film credits include “The Duff,” “Transformers 3,” “Departures,” “Saving Zoe” and “Amusement Park.” Jeong recently starred in their own television show on ABC, “Dr. Ken,” which they also created, wrote for and served as an executive producer.
Jeong was a true-life physician before embarking on a career in the entertainment field.
They were a series regular on the critically acclaimed NBC show “Community” from 2009-2015. The cast won a TV Guide Award for Favorite Ensemble in 2012. In 2015, Jeong directed an ESPN “30 for 30” documentary, “Student/Athlete.” They also produced the Sundance Film Festival award-winning film “Advantageous” that received a Film Independent Spirit Award nomination.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans were left livid after last night's 3-1 defeat to Barnsley at Villa Park.
Goals from Adam Armstrong and Tom Bradshaw (2) condemned Villa to a fourth defeat in a row and second in the space of four days on home soil.
Fans left in their thousands prior to the final whistle, but those that were there come the end of the 90 minutes let their frustrations be known.
And fans have taken to social media to vent their anger. We picked out some of the best ones for you…
Fans in meltdown
Stuart Cummings: "God help us against Newcastle!"
Clive Cooper: "Gave my ticket away tonight after losing to Ipswich. Pathetic, clueless, embarrassing. Glad I didn't go, relegation battle it is then."
Andrew Webb: "Should have bought in an experienced keeper in January not another novice who is no better than what we had before."
Stefan Larsson: "Grealish should not be a starter! They haven't got what it takes."
Paul Malyon: "Stick to the same formation to let the players get used to it. We won't get promoted or relegated so let them gel."
Ricky Adams: "Embarrassing."
Andrew Bogan: "Folk were complaining when I suggested Bruce has had plenty of time? We absolutely will get hammered at Newcastle and where will that leave us? The chairperson has backed them without doubt, we have nothing to lose if they go tomorrow, I would offer the job to Redknapp, stick with Bruce and we are in trouble."
Stuart Walton: "Changing management won't solve anything. Stop playing Sam Johnstone in goal.  They are inexperienced and just like Gollini they are a liability. I don't think the defence have much faith in them either."
Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu was questioned under caution on Monday night on suspicion of fraud, breach of trust and unlawfully accepting gifts, reportedly from two business people, an Israeli and a foreigner.
Israeli media reported that at least one of the business people under investigation has financial interests in Israel, although bribery is not suspected at this juncture.
Attorney general Avichai Mandelblit authorised the police to carry out a criminal investigation last month but insisted on maintaining secrecy. According to unconfirmed media reports, a former confidant of Mr Netanyahu has turned state's witness and the police are trying to secure the co-operation of other former Netanyahu aides by various means.
American-Jewish business person Ron Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, reportedly admitted giving various gifts to the Netanyahu family, including suits for Mr Netanyahu themselves and hospitality for their son Yair while on trips abroad. Mr Lauder said these were simply gifts between friends, the result of a decades-long friendship.
Media accused
Right-wing politicians accused the “left-wing media” of an attempt to depose Mr Netanyahu by making false allegations after failing to defeat them at the polls. Hours before they were questioned, Mr Netanyahu said the press and their opponents should put their celebrations on hold.
“I told them – and I repeat and tell you – there won't be anything because there wasn't anything,” they said to applause from their Likud Knesset faction. Addressing the opposition, Mr Netanyahu said: “You're going to continue to blow up balloons with hot air and we're going to continue to lead the state of Israel.”
Opposition leader Yitzhak Herzog said they were not deriving any pleasure from the affair. “This is not a happy day; this is a difficult day for Israel.”
As the police questioning began, a member of Mr Netanyahu's ruling Likud party introduced a new Bill which aims to shield an incumbent prime minister from police interrogation and prosecution barring extreme circumstances.
ADVERTISEMENT
“They've built an army to oust a prime minister. This is getting obsessive,” said interior committee chairperson and Likud Knesset member David Amsalem, who said their Bill would apply “from the next investigation” should it pass.
Several scandals
The Bill bars a criminal investigation against a sitting prime minister except in one of the following cases: security or sexual offenses, violence or drugs. Mr Netanyahu and their wife, Sara, have been linked to several scandals over the years, including investigations into the misuse of state funds and an audit of the family's spending, but nothing has stuck.
Mr Netanyahu is not the first prime minister to be questioned in a criminal case. Ehud Olmert, who held office from 2006 to 2009, is currently serving 18 months in prison after being convicted of breach of trust and bribery in 2014.
Former prime minister Ariel Sharon was questioned while in office in 2003 and 2004 over allegations of bribery and corruption involving them and their two sons. In 2006, their son Omri was convicted of corruption and served time in prison.
Winning the ‘Most Innovative New Aftermarket Product (Accessories)', at the 2017 Expo in Melbourne proves that when you buy a Hayman Reese towbar, you just can't go wrong.
The award was won for the Hayman Reese Hitch Step arguably one of the best engineered towbar products in the market. Proud owners of the Hayman Reese Hitch Step already knew they had the best towbar money can buy but now they know for sure that there truly is non-better than the Hayman Reese Hitch Step towbar.
Owners of SUV and 4WD vehicles often found it difficult to reach the roof or inside of the large ute trays. This problem was solved by installing the Hayman Reese Hitch Step.
The Hayman Reese towbars are amongst the only towbars to be exclusively designed and engineered in Australia for Australian Vehicles.
All Hayman Reese towbars come with Lifetime warranty, Tow ball and rated D shackles, patented Metal Shield™ – with the unique two-stage surface protection, vehicle specific plug-and-play trailer wiring – SmartClick™ which has been specifically designed for each vehicle and tested under static and dynamic conditions.
Additionally, every Hayman Reese towbars is fully compliant with Australian Design Rules and exceeds AS 4177 specifications.
The different towbars include:
1. Light Duty Towbars (Class 2) – with a bolt-on tongue that attaches to the cross-member using two bolts. These towbars are typically rated up to 1200 kg and is a well-engineered solution for light towing and mounting bike racks.
2. Medium Duty Towbars (Class 3) – typically rated up to 1600 kg and feature a 40 mm x 40 mm square hitch receiver with a removable Trailer Ball Mount. When you are not towing, simply remove the retaining clip and hitch pin and the Trailer Ball Mount slides straight out.
3. Heavy Duty Towbars (Class 4) – has the 50 x 50 mm square hitch receiver and is typically rated to the vehicle's maximum towing capacity. Hayman Reese heavy-duty towbars are a must-have for towing caravans, boats, horse floats, Whispbar Roof Racks or even the professional tradesman.
4. Hitch Lamp Protector (HLP) Towbars – This is a lamp and body protector combined with the famous heavy duty Hitch Receiver Towbar. It is designed to provide rear body and lamp protection for those commercial vehicles Whispbar Roof Rack Accessories that need to tow heavy trailers. The TBM can be removed when not in use.
Along with these, there is also the Hayman Reese towbar Hitch Step!
The Hayman Reese towbar and Whispbar Roof Racks Sydney Hitch Step is easy to install and light-weight. In fact, it can be installed without removing the tow ball and, can be left in place even whilst driving or towing. Most importantly, the Hayman Reese Hitch Step provides a safe step platform for the user.
The Hayman Reese towbar Hitch Step is made from high grade aluminium body and includes a machined non-slip tread. The unique engineering design ensures that the raised upper lip works in tandem with the tread and prevents slippage. The all aluminium construction keeps it light-weight and corrosion resistant. And this is not all; the Hayman Reese Hitch Step retails for just $89.95 making it unbeatable in terms of quality and pricing.
It takes just three simple steps to assemble your the Hayman Reese Hitch Steps onto the towbar's tow ball mount.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Textured Soybean Protein Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143463/request-sample
Textured Soybean Protein market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Textured Soybean Protein Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Textured Soybean Protein industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Textured Soybean Protein Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Textured Soybean Protein market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-textured-soybean-protein-market-professional-survey-report-143463.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Textured Soybean Protein market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Textured Soybean Protein market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Textured Soybean Protein industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Textured Soybean Protein market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
President Trump on Monday authorized their top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called their action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
They cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. They were flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of their economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," they said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But they said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," they said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
They say that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening mostly higher on Wall Street led by gains in technology and energy stocks.
Advanced Micro Devices rose 1.5 percent in early trading Monday and Chesapeake Energy rose 2.2 percent.
Advertisement
Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high. The futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,820.
Traders are looking ahead to an announcement on interest rates Wednesday from the Federal Reserve. The Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 1 point to 2,652.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 3 points to 24,332. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,856.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire village will tonight show off its gardening prowess on TV for the first time.
The village of Breaston will appear on BBC Two's Britain In Bloom at 6.30pm tonight.
The show will follow the Breaston Bloomers as they plan to fill the village with flowers in preparation for judges to determine if they are good enough to win a prestigious award.
A description of tonight's show reads: "Chris Bavin meets the community of Breaston in Derbyshire which is entering Britain in Bloom for the first time. With little gardening experience between them, the Breaston Bloomers are ambitiously planning to fill the whole village with flowers.
"They feel it's important to keep the community spirit alive and want to involve as many residents as possible. They have decided on three main projects to try and win gold.
"Their centenary garden needs to impress the judges, so the Bloomers create a centrepiece Bug Hotel.
"Next, they plan to create a welcoming entrance to the village, and lastly they want to plant over 1,000 flowers in the centre of the village. They've only got six weeks until judging day".
Hundreds of groups from cities, towns and villages across the UK take part in the competition each year where they show off their environmental responsibility, community participation and horticultural achievement.
The show follows 15 different communities from around the UK as they prepare for the floral competition. More than 1,600 communities enter the competition each year but roughly 80 communities are selected as finalists.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) " As Nemanja Matic was winning towering headers, intercepting passes, dribbling round opponents and generally running the midfield in their first Premier League game for Manchester United, imagine what Antonio Conte must have been thinking.
The Chelsea coach didn't want to sell Matic, particularly not to title rival like United. But an offer of 40 million pounds ($53 million) for a 29-year-old was too good for Chelsea's hierarchy to turn down.
It could prove to be one of the most pivotal pieces of business done in the offseason.
Romelu Lukaku stole the spotlight in United's 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday, scoring two goals, but it was Matic " a player costing around half as much this summer " who was the key to the performance.
Advertisement
They dominated Old Trafford in their first match there as a United player, looking every inch the holding midfielder the team needs with Michael Carrick nearing the end of their time at the club.
"He is a player I call a stability player," Mourinho said of Matic.
They were more than that against West Ham. In a man-of-the-match display, they made more passes (69) and covered more distance (11.41 kilometers) than anybody else on the field, while they won more tackles and had more touches (89) than any other United player.
One minute Matic was beating three players with sublime skill and racing down the right touchline. The next they were scooping a pass, Karel Poborsky-style, to Paul Pogba to set up another attack.
They won big headers from goal kicks and long clearances by West Ham, and read the game masterfully. Eric Bailly and Phil Jones, United's center backs, generally cruised through the 90 minutes with Matic in front of them.
Crucially, and as has been widely predicted, Matic's presence allowed Pogba more freedom to roam forward in central midfield. With strikers Lukaku and Marcus Rashford stretching play with their runs and Pogba making the most of the space behind, United was so much more dangerous.
Pogba scored the fourth goal from 25 meters out in the 90th minute. They hit the goal frame (10 times) more often than scoring (nine goals) last season, but this season could be different " and they could have Matic largely to thank.
Mourinho cannot believe their luck that Matic is their player again, having brought the Serbia international to Chelsea from Benfica in 2014.
Asked if it was a surprise that Chelsea sold Matic to United, Mourinho said: "It depends on what is happening, or what was happening behind doors. I don't know. Only thing I know is that, of course, with Chelsea money, I brought them to Stamford Bridge because I thought they were a player with special qualities. And since I left, I always thought they could be a perfect player for us.
"But I didn't disturb him, I didn't disturb Chelsea. I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening, and it looked like something was happening because their agent told me, 'You can have him; you just have to pay.' So, we have them and we are very happy with that.  They are a player that our team needs."
Chelsea needs him, too, at the moment.
Conte is short on numbers after a frustrating summer in the transfer market. Tiemoue Bakayoko was signed from Monaco, to complement Matic rather than replace him. Bakayoko is currently out injured, leaving Chelsea with Cesc Fabregas and N'Golo Kante as central midfielders.
And Fabregas is now banned after their sending-off in Chelsea's 3-2 loss to Burnley on Saturday.
"My idea was to give Bakayoko the right time to adapt in this league behind Matic," Conte said. "But now after the sale of Matic, we need to try to accelerate this process for Bakayokoafter their injury."
Conte described the departure of Matic as a "great loss" to Chelsea and has said it was a boardroom decision.
"Sometimes you must accept this crazy transfer market," they said.
Spending 40 million pounds on a 29-year-old defensive midfielder doesn't sound like sensible business, but the arrival of Matic has knitted things together perfectly so far for United.
It could be the transfer that tips the battle for the Premier League title United's way.
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
Orlando, United States – 01 June 2017 – Morgan Property Solutions offers the excellent Orlando Real Estate brokerage services, which incorporate the powerful assistance on buying, selling or leasing real estate property, located in central Florida. This awesome team of professionals promises to do their best in order to provide their clients with the perfect solutions, which meet their needs.
There's no question that when it comes to any manipulations associated with property, whether it's necessary to purchase, lease or rent a house, apartment or office, most people appear to be quite confused, since a wise property management requires lots of time and efforts. So, in order to get the best deal related to property, it's of great importance to study the current real estate market, while taking into account the real estate demand and supply along with the present prices on different types of property as well average rental prices. For many people this task is quite difficult and troublesome, as they simply don't have access to this sort of data. Therefore, being confronted with property issues, it's wise to turn for services of a real estate agency, the members of which have experience and resources to supply you with the needed information, while saving your time, money and patience.
The fact is that property acquisition is one of the most considerable investments we usually make through our whole life. It's a serious matter, which requires a serious approach, as far as you should consider all pros and cons. For non-professionals it can be problematic, while for an experienced Orlando property manager it's a routine practice. In addition, only an expert can supply you with the most beneficial real estate options available on the modern-day market.
About Morgan Property Solutions Inc.:
Morgan Property Solutions Inc. is a reputable brokerage company based in Orlando, which successfully operates over 12 years in the field of real estate property and offers its comprehensive assistance with any question with regards to property, available on the Orlando real estate market. Visiting the website of this professional team of realtors, you will be able to see the categories, intended for those, who're going to buy, sell and rent property as well as those, who are keen on Orlando property management. It's easy to find what you need on this website and certainly to get in touch with Baldwin Park realtor to obtain the powerful consultation concerning Baldwin Park real estate.
Contact:
Company Name: Morgan Property Solutions Inc.
Address: 5025 S Orange Ave #101, Orlando, FL 32809
Phone: (407) 982-7097
Fax: 866-252-5874
Email: broker@morganpropertysolutions.com
Website: http://www.morganpropertysolutions.com
The waiting game - dozens of schools in the midlands and west yet to decide if they'll open tomorrow
The world champion Black Ferns are set to get back pay for their successful 2017 season as part of a landmark deal with NZ Rugby.
A one-off payment of around $10,000 each will be negotiated as part of the new agreement for elite women's seven's players, and as a step toward pay equality.
The agreement, expected to be signed off by next month, will ensure contracted players be placed on modest retainers thought to range from $15,000 to $30,000.
The Black Ferns stunning 2017 season was said to have kicked off the conversation about the status and investment in the women's programme.
Advertisement
World Rugby Player of the Year Portia Woodman. Photo / Getty
Just last week, World Rugby Player of the Year Portia Woodman criticised NZ Rugby's decision to disregard a women's tournament in the Hamilton Sevens saying "it would have been a step toward equality and setting the women's game on the same standard as the men's."
Read more: Rugby: Portia Woodman criticises NZ Rugby for dismissing a women's tournament in the Hamilton Sevens
The Black Ferns landmark season proved a handy bargaining tool for the NZ Rugby Player Association as it entered contract negotiations with NZ Rugby late last year.
Both the association and the national body declined discussion while negotiations were ongoing, but the Sunday Star Times reported that the Black Ferns would indeed be rewarded for their efforts from last season.
This would mean that even retired Black Fern stars such as captain Fiao'o Fa'amausili and Carla Hohepa could still benefit from the new deal.
The deal is expected to be just one of several breakthroughs for the country's elite female players in 2018.
Read more: Rugby: Black Ferns in talks for pay increase
The Black Ferns could be back paid for their victory in the 2017 Rugby World Cup. Photo / Getty
Other key details will revolve around the establishment of regular international fixtures for the Black Ferns, and a set calendar for training and development camps to allow players to better plan their time and generate greater certainty.
Read more: Black Ferns clean up NZ Rugby awards
Players Association chief executive, Rob Nichol, said they were unable to put a timeframe on signing the agreement, while a NZ Rugby spokesperson said there was no update on the negotiations.
But with a new programme to be established for the Black Ferns this year, Rugby bosses would be conscious of the need to finalise the agreement soon in order to take advantage of the momentum of the women's game.
When outfitting a modern kitchen, there are many things to consider. The type of worktops you select must be in line with the overall atmosphere you're aiming for, not to mention being practical and reliable. Natural stone worktops are the perfect way to marry those two ideas and supply your modern kitchen with appropriate and practical decor.
Being one of the leading manufacturers of natural stone worktops in the UK , Stone & Building offers its excellent services throughout London. With a large selection of materials available, we guarantee that you'll get exactly what you need. Our worktops are manufactured using granite, marble, limestone, quartz, corian, and others.
Composite stone/quartz workshops by reputable manufacturers
Composite stone is a unique kind of material. While it possesses all the qualities of natural stone, including its elegance and durability, it provides a degree of flexibility few other types of stone can offer. With a great selection of colours, mirrored textures and subtle sand effects, composite stone, also known as quartz, is a perfect material for creating worktops that will act as a dramatic focal point of any kitchen. Quartz is water-proof, stain and heat-resistant, taking up to 295 degrees Fahrenheit. Our composite worktops are also resistant to scratching and at the same time, they stool look elegant and luxurious.
Stone & Building doesn't just manufacture quartz worktops, however. In order to ensure maximum quality for every product, we collaborate with a number of reputable manufacturers. Compac, LunaStone, Silestone, Cimstone and Arenastone are our long-time partners that have helped us deliver the best products on the market for many years.
Our quartz worktops come in a variety of colours, patterns, and that makes them a perfect choice for the vast majority of modern kitchens. Thanks to support from our long-time partners, we can always provide a steady level of quality.
Contact:
Company: Stone & Building
Address: Unit E, 273 Abbeydale Road, Wembley, London, HA0 1TW, UK
Tel/Fax: 0208 998 3551
Email: adam@stone-building.co.uk
Website: https://www.stone-building.co.uk/
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Light Stabilizer Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Light Stabilizer market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Chitec Technology, Everlight Chemical Industrial, MPI Chemie, Taiwan Dyestuffs & Pigments, Sin Hun Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Light Stabilizer Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-light-stabilizer-market/10336/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Light Stabilizer market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Light Stabilizer market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Light Stabilizer Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Light Stabilizer. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Light Stabilizer in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Light Blocker, UV Absorber, Quencher, Free Radical Scavenger, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Plastic, Rubber, Paint, Synthetic Fiber, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Light Stabilizer Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-light-stabilizer-market/10336/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Light Stabilizer new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Light Stabilizer market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Light Stabilizer industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
WASHINGTON (AP) " There isn't much suspense about what the Fed will announce when its latest policy meeting ends Wednesday: That it's raising its key short-term interest rate for the third time in six months.
The job market " with unemployment at a 16-year low of 4.3 percent " has improved to such an extent that the Fed is thought to feel it's time to modestly raise its benchmark rate again. The move, to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent, will likely lead to somewhat higher rates on some consumer and business loans. The idea is to ensure that the U.S. economy doesn't overheat.
But beyond the announcement of another rate hike, anticipation surrounds the possibility that the Fed could signal policy shifts in a statement it will issue, in updated economic forecasts and in a news conference with Chair Janet Yellen. Investors want to know, for example, how fast the pace of rate increases may be in coming months or whether Washington's political paralysis has concerned the Fed.
Here are three things to watch for after the Fed's meeting ends:
Advertisement
___
FUTURE PACE OF RATE HIKES:
After leaving its benchmark rate at a record low near zero for seven years, the Fed has raised rates three times, by a quarter-point each time " once in December 2015, again last December and a third time in March. The Fed has previously forecast that it will raise rates three times in 2017.
Though investors have pegged the likelihood of a rate increase Wednesday at near 100 percent, there's much less certainty about the prospect or timing of any further hikes. Some Fed watchers expect another increase in September. Others say the Fed may want to wait until December. The reasoning is that the policymakers will want more time to determine whether a slowdown in growth and inflation at the start of 2017 was indeed "transitory," as they described it in May, or the start of another slump that could lead the Fed to halt its rate hikes.
Investors will be watching the language in the Fed's policy statement to describe the economy, along with Yellen's comments during their news conference.
One signal could come from the Fed's quarterly "dot plot." This is an illustration representing the anonymous forecasts of each Fed official " the board members as well as the 12 regional bank presidents " for the timing of future rate hikes. It's this chart that provides the current expectation of three rate increases during 2017.
___
BALANCE SHEET REDUCTIONS
Starting in 2008, the Fed expanded its balance sheet five-fold to its current $4.5 trillion through purchases of Treasury and mortgage securities. The Fed began the purchases after it had cut its main policy lever, the federal funds rate, to a record low near zero. The bond purchases were intended to depress long-term borrowing rates as an additional way to energize the economy as it struggled to emerge from the Great Recession.
The Fed is no longer buying new bonds. But it's been replacing maturing bonds to prevent its portfolio from shrinking. Speculation has grown that Yellen may reveal details at their news conference of a plan to gradually reduce the portfolio.
One possibility suggested would have the Fed begin to pare its holdings late this year and then gradually shed incrementally larger amounts into next year, while allowing the financial markets to adjust to the impact.
Investors are keenly interested in whatever the Fed says about its balance sheet because gradual reductions in its portfolio could raise long-term rates, even if only slightly. The Fed will likely want to unveil its plan well in advance of actually trimming its portfolio to avoid spooking the markets.
___
WASHINGTON'S POLITICAL DYSFUNCTION
During their campaign, President Donald Trump pledged to pursue a program of deep tax cuts, less regulation, more infrastructure spending and tougher enforcement of trade rules. They billed their plan as a way to accelerate economic growth from the sluggish 2.1 percent annual rate of the past eight years. Trump said their program would double growth to 4 percent or better, though the administration based its first budget plan on achieving a lower but still highly ambitious goal of 3 percent annual growth.
The problem is that Trump's economic agenda remains stalled, in part because of resistance in Congress, in part because of a lack of details so far from the administration. Concern has also arisen that Congress could delay action on raising the federal debt limit and approving a new budget " possibilities that could upset markets.
Given such risks, analysts will be watching to see whether the Fed offers a more pessimistic outlook for the economy in the updated projections it will issue Wednesday. In its previous forecast in March, the Fed had predicted growth for this year and next year at 2.1 percent, unchanged from the lackluster pace of recent years
Investors will also be listening for any signals Yellen sends about their own future. After Trump's surprise election victory, Yellen had announced that they planned to serve out their term, which ends in February. Trump has sent mixed signals about whether they would nominate Yellen for a second term.
In the meantime, Trump has three vacancies to fill on the central bank's seven-member board, an opportunity for them to begin influencing Fed policy. The administration has yet to nominate any candidates for Senate confirmation.
The Rev. Michael and the Rev. Twanna Henderson, who lead the nondenominational New Beginnings Church, see the physical needs of those in poverty rising in this region of growing prosperity.
The church aims to minister to both physical and spiritual needs.
At noon on Good Friday, members of New Beginnings Church gave away gas and grocery cards worth $25 each to the first 150 cars in line. Then they held a drawing for a free $500 grocery card.
As a city, we are growing greatly in prosperity, but we are also growing greatly in poverty. These are polar opposites, and I think that the church has been put in the community to address these issues. The Rev. Michael Henderson
The “Fuel for the Soul Plus” event, now in its sixth year, has become a tradition with the Matthews church, and a favorite for church volunteers as more than 100 members take off work or use vacation time each year to come direct traffic, cheer cars on, shake hands and give hugs, and hand out the gift cards.
“Good Friday was the day Jesus gave up their life for us. Fuel for the Soul Plus is a practical way for us to give back and support our community,” said Twanna Henderson.
And nowhere, they say is that community support needed more than in the Charlotte area.
“As a city, we are growing greatly in prosperity, but we are also growing greatly in poverty. These are polar opposites, and I think that the church has been put in the community to address these issues,” said Michael Henderson.
“Fuel For the Soul will help our neighbors to get a tank of gas or some groceries this Easter season.”
While helping to meet the physical needs around them, New Beginnings Church is also celebrating a new beginning with their newest addition —the Harrisburg campus located at Hickory Ridge Middle School. Services there began April 2.
Twanna Henderson says that location was a natural site for a new campus as many of their members come from the Harrisburg/Cabarrus county area.
Their Indian Trail campus, located at Sun Valley Middle School, opened five years ago. Their Matthews campus, which streams live to the other two campuses, is located at 7027 Stillwell Road, just off Margaret Wallace Road on the border of Matthews and Mint Hill. It offers four services each Sunday.
We've tried to create an environment where anyone can come and be welcomed. Attire is casual because we don't want clothes to be a barrier to anyone, and sermons are practical in both teaching and preaching. They will hear something each week that they can apply to their lives every day. The Rev. Twanna Henderson
The church also offers an “Online Campus” where those who aren't ready to come to a brick and mortar church can watch services streamed live.
During the past 18 years the church has grown dramatically, from 12 people in attendance at its first bible study in 1999 to more than 5,000 members today, and people keep on coming.
“I think there is a genuineness at the church that people can feel,” said Twanna Henderson.
“We've tried to create an environment where anyone can come and be welcomed. Attire is casual because we don't want clothes to be a barrier to anyone, and sermons are practical in both teaching and preaching. They will hear something each week that they can apply to their lives every day.”
The Matthews campus offers MJ's Special Needs ministry at 8 a.m. each Sunday, a special children's church for kids with special needs.
“MJ is our special needs child, and we know what it is like for special needs parents. Studies show that over 90 percent of parents or caregivers of special needs children don't attend church because they don't feel welcome or don't feel that the church can take care of their child,” said Henderson.
Through the week the church offers Bible studies at noon and 7 p.m. Tuesdays, a full-time daycare, an afterschool program, summer camps and other opportunities for children and teens.
Other programs and ministries include volunteering in area schools and donating resources to those schools on an annual basis, giving away backpacks full of school supplies each fall, participating in a prison ministry for both men and women, and much more.
The New Beginnings Matthews campus recently added a Community Life Center, which features meeting space that can be rented by business and other groups, a small wedding chapel, and a separate Counseling Center that offers support groups including divorce care, anger management, grief counseling, self-esteem and recovery support. Private counseling is also available by appointment.
Iraqi army troops have arrested two high-profile members of the Daesh terrorist group near the country's strategic northern city of Mosul as government forces, supported by allied fighters from Popular Mobilization Units, continue to hunt for the remnants of the terror network.
Local police officer Captain Shakir al-Wandi said members of the 20th Brigade of the Army arrested self-proclaimed Daesh finance minister, identified as Dawoud Mohamed Saleh, was arrested during a raid on a house in al-Shura Island south of Mosul, located some 400 kilometers (250 miles) north of the capital Baghdad, Press TV reported.
Colonel Haseeb Maarouf of the Nineveh Operations Command said another Daesh leader, whose identity was not immediately known, was arrested in the operation as well.
Maarouf noted that a large cache of explosive materials and weapons was seized in the offensive.
Meanwhile, Army Colonel Ahmad al-Jabouri said 30 people were detained by security forces southwest of Mosul for suspected links with the Daesh terrorist group.
On December 9, 2017, Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared the end of military operations against the Daesh terrorist group in the Arab country.
On July 10, Abadi formally declared victory over Daesh extremists in Mosul, which served as the terrorists' main urban stronghold in the conflict-ridden Arab country.
In the run-up to Mosul's liberation, Iraqi army soldiers and volunteer Hashd al-Sha'abi fighters had made sweeping gains against Daesh.
The Iraqi forces took control of eastern Mosul in January 2017 after 100 days of fighting, and launched the battle in the west on February 19 last year.
Daesh began a terror campaign in Iraq in 2014, overrunning vast swathes in lightning attacks.
On Tuesday, the Goleta City Council will be faced with the challenging decision on whether to initiate further study on the potential of developing the Bishop Ranch property.
This consideration has been dwelling in Goleta's future since the city's first day. Approximately two years ago, the initiation question was on the council's agenda and I was sitting in a decision maker's seat. Circumstances at that time caused the applicant to withdraw the request, without a council decision.
At the time, the debate about how to proceed was the same as it is today, with much of the focus on the issues of agricultural viability and community values. The city of Goleta's recent study helped clarify some issues, but this is not a debate of facts. It is really about philosophy and political consequence.
It is an important issue for the city and will have real and lasting effects with either a yes or no vote. It is also a very emotionally charged subject for many and represents a symbolic monument of values. So there is a willingness, for some, to fight and risk much to prevent the process from proceeding. I am greatly concerned that the potential downside is too great compared to potential gain!
After serving four years on the council, I find myself going through the decision process as if I were still there. Putting myself in the role of our decision makers, some of the points that would guide me are as follows:
» Why does the city need to address this now? The city has a significant number of housing units in the process now without Bishop Ranch. Shouldn't they be completed before more are considered? Unfortunately, the timing of when development comes forward is not completely up to city planning. This timing is determined by the marketplace and the irrational exuberance of those willing to take the risk. I see the city's role as determining what will come from development and allowing the other factors to create the timeline. What will be created needs to be consistent with our community values and character to protect our quality of life and preserve our physical environment for current residents and future generations.
So the question is before the council now and must be answered. The practical course is to continue the process and plan the future now, within our city process that keeps the control of the outcome in the hands of the local community. Alternatively, stopping the process now will likely put the issue into a legal process that lacks local control and may have severe financial consequence. Should the city spend the next few years in court, spending hundreds of thousands of our precious General Fund dollars on lawyers, or should it spend those years allowing the developer to pay for the studies needed to plan this potential development. Logic here requires a vote for initiation!
» Will this potential development and others in the process change our small town into something less? Potential growth in housing in Goleta, including Bishop Ranch, is approximately 20 percent. This will likely occur over the next 10 to 20 years depending on market demands. That translates to an annual growth rate of 1 percent to 2 percent during that period. Through a diligent planning process, we can preserve and protect our community and accommodate this modest growth. Our economic vitality will be enhanced, creating opportunity for the workforce to live here and retain the jobs here now and those of the future. It is reasonable to believe that there can be a balance between quality of life and growth based on this information. Logic here requires a vote for initiation!
» Could community values of open space, views, recreation, environmental and agricultural protections be compromised? Initiation is the start of the process not the end. In the next steps these values will be the driving force that determines what is appropriate for our community. We will have the opportunity to capture benefits, mitigate impacts and craft a project that fits Goleta. If that cannot be done, the city has no obligation to approve anything. Those future decisions will be based on a real plan and not a hypothetical concept, allowing for a more fact-based outcome. Logic here requires a vote for initiation!
» Is it political suicide for current decision makers to allow initiation to move forward? The fundamental purpose of our elected officials is to balance the desires of competing interests in our community. In this case, the excessive fears of some and the exuberance of a potential developer. To ensure this happens, there is an established process, public participation and legal requirements that protect property rights and community values. The input from participants has been mixed and both sides have valid concerns that can be addressed if the process continues.
Goleta needs the diversity of representation on our city council to make sure all views are considered. From my experience the folks in this community respect and appreciate an honest, thoughtful and fair elected representative. The values that our current elected officials represent will remain if the Bishop Ranch initiation goes forward. In fact, those values have the best opportunity to be applied and implemented should development occur. Therefore, the courage required in this decision demonstares leadership abilities many will acknowledge. Logic here requires a vote for initiation!
The practical reality we are dealing with is a choice of planning Goleta's future or picking a fight today about Goleta's past. Let's delay the fight if, and until, it is really necessary. Give this applicant full opportunity to present its plan and make the real decisions on real information. Logic again requires a vote for initiation.
— Eric Onnen is a former Goleta city councilman.
Bishop Ranch Property Study Master 072111 JMC
MONTREAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - WSP Global Inc. (TSX:WSP) ("WSP" or the "Corporation") will host its annual meeting of shareholders and release its 2017 first quarter results on Wednesday, May 10, 2017.
ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
The annual meeting of shareholders will be held at the Crystal Hotel, 1100 de la Montagne Street, in Montreal at 10 a.m. (Eastern Time). During the meeting, WSP will discuss its 2016 performance and its 2017 strategy and will also unveil its new brand. For those who are unable to attend in person, the Corporation will webcast the meeting live on its website at www.wsp-pb.com in the Investors section.
Information related to the annual meeting can be found at www.wsp-pb.com in the Investors Section.
FIRST QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
The Corporation will also announce its 2017 first quarter results on May 10, 2017. A conference call will be held on the same day at 4:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) to discuss the results.
To participate in the conference call, dial 1-647-788-4922 or 1-877-223-4471 (toll-free).
A presentation of the 2017 first quarter highlights and results will be available on the same day at www.wsp-pb.com in the Investors section.
A replay of the call will be available until May 19, 2017. The telephone numbers to access the replay of the call are 1-416-621-4642 or 1-800-585-8367 (toll-free), access code 88011086. The replay of the conference call will also be available in the Investors section of the WSP website under Presentations & Events, in the days following the event.
ABOUT WSP
As one of the world's leading professional services firms, WSP provides technical expertise and strategic advice to clients in the Property & Buildings, Transportation & Infrastructure, Environment, Industry, Resources (including Mining and Oil & Gas) and Power & Energy sector. We also offer highly specialized services in project delivery and strategic consulting. Our experts include engineers, advisors, technicians, scientists, architects, planners, surveyors and environmental specialists, as well as other design, program and construction management professionals. With approximately 36,000 talented people in 500 offices across 40 countries, we are uniquely positioned to deliver successful and sustainable projects, wherever our clients need us. www.wsp-pb.com.
The U.S. market for core banking systems is getting a much-needed injection of competition.
For years, foreign vendors have been trying to break into the U.S. market. But they have had little success until just recently. Zions Bancorp in July went live with TCS Financial Solution's core-system platform in the bank's consumer loans division — marking the Indian multinational vendor's first core modernization project in the U.S. In 2016, Germany-based SAP announced BB&T will implement its SAP for Banking product in its retail lending division — representing the vendor's first big U.S. project. The Swiss company Temenos, meanwhile, scored a deal with Commerce Bank to power its deposit banking system.
The outcome of these early engagements will make or break the future of these vendors in the U.S. market. If the foreign companies can gain high praise from their first customers — and the blessing of state and federal regulators — these new entrants will continue to win more bank clients. Already, the added core vendor competition is a refreshing development for a market that has been locked up by a very select group of traditional vendors for far too long.
In 2016, Germany-based SAP announced BB&T will implement its SAP for Banking product in its retail lending division — representing the vendor's first big U.S. project. Bloomberg News
The big four U.S. core vendors — FIS, Fiserv, Jack Henry, and D+H (now Finastra) — have had little incentive to innovate in recent years because their clients typically risk paying exorbitant fees if they exit their vendor contracts. Additionally, small- and medium-sized banks have come to rely on their core vendors for solutions that go beyond core systems, making the institutions feel like they are even more captive to their core providers.
The threat of new competition from foreign companies that embrace newer technologies has prompted old-line vendors, which have long dominated the market, to take action to expand their capabilities. Much of the efforts by the big four vendors have been focused on enabling faster payments by getting their clients access to The Clearing House's same-day ACH system. They also have been working to upgrade their digital banking offerings. Fiserv, for instance, purchased Monitise to leverage a cloud-based platform in an attempt to help speed digital product development. Fiserv also acquired ACI Worldwide's architect banking suite of online, mobile and tablet banking tools. These additions may be useful, but only if Fiserv is committed to keeping these acquired solutions up-to-date and doesn't let them wither over time like its legacy systems have.
The bigger problem with these kinds of moves, however, is that they are a distraction. Instead of upgrading their outdated core infrastructures, the big four are spending their considerable resources on patching additional solutions and capabilities on top of them because their legacy systems continue to be a major revenue driver. Over time, though, these systems will stray further and further from banks' actual needs in today's digital world — including faster data processing, fewer redundancies, lower maintenance costs, smoother systems integrations and better support of digital banking channels.
At some point, this trend will become unsustainable and it will force banks to look for more modern alternatives to support their quest to become digital-first, data-driven organizations. The key question is: What's the tipping point? Temenos executives have said that they expect cloud adoption will be a trigger, and they believe the cloud model for core banking systems will gain regulatory approval within five years. That may be slightly optimistic timeline, but it will happen eventually.
Once regulators have blessed the public cloud for core systems, more banks will take the plunge and adopt modern core systems. Cheaper infrastructure and improved flexibility will be a strong draw for most banks to embrace the public cloud. International vendors, unlike the big four, are well-positioned for this shift — SAP is a leader in enterprise cloud services, and Temenos already has agreements with both Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services, for instance.
Bottom line: The clock is ticking for old-line vendors to change course and offer something truly new for their client banks.
The City of Goleta is pleased to announce that Michelle Greene has been promoted to deputy city manager.
Greene has been the Administrative Services director since 2006 and served as a management analyst from 2004 to 2006.
This promotion comes as part of the reorganization of the City Manager's Department.
“Ms. Greene is a tremendous asset to our community, and it's a privilege to have a person of their caliber serving as our second in command,” City Manager Dan Singer said. “In this new role, Ms. Greene will have additional oversight of the organization as a whole and the production of the City Council materials.”
The Administrative Services Department has become part of the City Manager's Department, and the staff duties are being refined with this merger.
— Valerie Kushnerov is a public information officer for the City of Goleta.
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Numerous lake sightings have occurred
Of our elusive national bird
To glimpse the bald eagle
Find its head - so regal
When its distinctive high “kleek” is heard.
A young carpenter had to complain
When they left their nail gun in the rain.
Their wife chose to procure
A rust brown manicure.
So for both, rusty nails now remain
Our weather forecasters may blunder
Due to the high pressures they're under.
They watch each other's shows
To see how the wind blows.
The trade calls it stealing the thunder
DETROIT (AP) — A wireless update of antilock braking software improved the stopping distance of Tesla's electric Model 3, prompting Consumer Reports to reverse course and give the car its "Recommended Buy" rating.
The magazine said Wednesday that the update cut 19 feet off the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour. A previous test — the results of which were released a little more than a week ago — found that it took 152 feet for the Model S compact car to stop from 60, the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to receive the coveted recommendation. But Consumer Reports still has concerns over wind noise, a stiff ride, and the touch-screen controls that could distract a driver.
After the first round of testing was made public, Tesla CEO Elon Musk promised to fix the problem within days. Consumer Reports says it was told by Tesla that the software helps the brakes adapt to variations in how they are used and how they respond in different environmental conditions.
Advertisement
On Twitter Wednesday, Musk wrote that they appreciate the "high-quality critical feedback" from Consumer Reports and said that noise and ride comfort already had been addressed. Another software update will address the controls, they wrote, without elaborating.
Musk told the magazine last week that Tesla had already made production changes to address wind noise, the harsh ride and an uncomfortable rear seat, Consumer Reports said in a statement. Consumer Reports said it will rent another Model 3 from Tesla to check on the changes and will report back on the results. The magazine bought a Model 3 for the first test and said it doesn't normally rent test vehicles.
The Model 3 is Tesla's first attempt to appeal to mass-market buyers. The car that starts at $35,000 but can run as high as $78,000 has been plagued by production delays.
Tesla's software update was done either via the car's cellular connection or a wireless internet link, depending on how the owner configures the car, according to Tesla.
Jake Fisher, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, said that in 19 years of work for the magazine they have not seen a car's track performance improve with a wireless update.
Musk pledged in a tweet last week that the braking improvements would make the Model 3 best in its class. But Consumer Reports said the stopping distance was not class leading and the further updates may be necessary.
The magazine also said nearly all of the Model 3's controls are on a center touch screen direction with no gauges on the dashboard and few buttons inside the car. This forces drivers to take several steps to do simple tasks and can cause driver distraction, the magazine said.
Consumer Reports also said it got a record 350 miles of range per charge with a long-range version of the Model 3 when it's set on a high mode to recharge batteries with energy from braking.
Making two-bite sandwiches for a weeknight meal is a nice way to mix things up every now and then. Ideally, they need to pack a lot of flavor into a tidy package.
Luckily, this is yet another recipe that builds on the versatility of pork tenderloin. Slathered with a quick paste of garlic, Spanish smoked paprika and olive oil (beware its high staining quotient and proceed accordingly; I used food-safe gloves), the meat roasts in the oven while you assemble…
Lawyers for a man accused of assaulting a Black woman at a 2016 Trump campaign rally claim that their client's act of violence was inspired by #45 himself.
According to The Guardian, Alvin Bamberger, 75, was recorded in a video last March pushing a woman, Kashiya Nwanguma, at a pro-Trump rally in Louisville, Kentucky. During that same event, Trump shouted “get out” and “get ‘em out of here!” referring to protesters like Nwanguma.
Soon after, Nwanguma and two other protesters sued Trump, Bamberger and a white nationalist named Matthew Heimbach—and just last month, a judge ruled that the case can move forward in court.
Last week Bamberger's attorneys downplayed the assault saying that their client didn't really hit Nwanguma— they only touched them But they also threw Trump under the bus pointing out that throughout their presidential campaign, the billionaire business person tirelessly incited violence at these rallies and even once told their supporters that they would pay their legal fees if they were sued by protesters.
According to court filings, the their lawyers wrote: “Bamberger had no prior intention to act has they did. Bamberger would not have acted as they did without Trump and/or Trump campaign's specific urging and inspiration.”
They added, “To the extent that Bamberger acted, they did so in response to – and inspired by – Trump and/or Trump campaign's urging to remove the protesters” and if their client was found guilty the White House should be guilty too “because Trump and/or Trump campaign urged and inspired Bamberger to act as they did.”
Of course lawyers for Trump deny any wrongdoing saying that they “lack sufficient information” about most of these accusations “and therefore deny them.” They also stated that their client's statements of “get them out of here” was not directed toward anyone at the crowd.
They furthered argued that because Trump is the president they are immune to the suit and that protesters waived their claims when they received their tickets to the rally, The Guardian noted. That, and the protesters “suffered no actual injury” while also being “responsible for their own injuries.”
Yeah. That makes a whole lot of sense.
In the meantime, #45's lawyers are asking for a jury trial.
Nwanguma and the two other protesters who filed charges together are seeking an unknown amount of damages.
SOURCE: The Guardian
RELATED LINKS:
‘Little Miss Flint' To Donald Trump: ‘You Broke Your Promise'
Auntie Maxine About Donald Trump: ‘We've Got To Stop Their Ass'
Black CNN Commentator Slams Trump Supporter For Comparing #45 To MLK
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A quirky Indian street food company is opening in Walsall .
Wrapchic specialises in “exciting and vibrant flavours of Indian street food” and transforms them into an easy-to-eat Mexican format in the style of burritos, wraps and nachos.
The idea is quite simple: you choose your style and then your filling, from the classic chicken tikka to mutton madrasi – a south Indian-spiced meat served with chettinad sauce.
(Image: TripAdvisor)
Also on the menu is lamb kheema – spiced minced lamb with red onion, mint chutney and fresh mint – and paneer masala, an Indian soft cheese coated in tava spice served with tikka sauce.
Breakfast is served too in the form of egg and cheese-filled flour tortilla wraps complete with a choice of filling. Toasted samosas, spicy chicken wings and yogurt-based Indian drinks are also on the menu.
Wrapchic currently has 14 franchises in the UK – including Solihull and Birmingham – with another two operating from Dubai.
In Walsall, according to its website, Wrapchic will open in 19 Park Street in the town centre and will replace the EE mobile phone shop near the Saddlers Shopping Centre.
A major consultation into the treatment of people with mental health concerns by the police and criminal justice system has found gaps in the support available and an inconsistent approach between the organisations.
The full results of the Time 2 Listen report will be revealed by Northamptonshire Police and Crime Commissioner Stephen Mold on June 5.
The consultation, believed to be the first of its kind ever held in the county, involved more than 1,200 people who have either mental illness, autism or ADHD, as well as more than 260 professionals working in health, policing, criminal justice and the voluntary sector.
Its results contain 34 recommendations for criminal justice and health agencies, along with an action plan to implement them through two existing, multi-agency groups - the Mental Health Transformation Board Steering Group and the Mental Health and Criminal Justice Board.
Mr Mold, who set up the survey, said: “Mental health concerns are a major factor driving demand for policing services and I wanted to understand how it feels for a vulnerable person - whether they have mental illness, autism or ADHD - when they come into contact with our services.
“Some of the testimony from people we spoke to was extremely hard to hear. This has shown me that we have a lot of work to do so that vulnerable people receive the proper support. We also have to make sure that professionals understand each other's role and are better co-ordinated across all the agencies to reduce the impact of mental health concerns on services. And professionals need better support too.
“My role is to ensure the voice of the people is heard in policing: we asked people to talk to us and now have to act on what we have heard. The publication of the Time 2 Listen report and the action plan that flows from it are a serious commitment to make things better. Agencies must develop a really effective partnership around this issue and I am committed to taking the recommendations of this report forward.”
People with mental health concerns are much more likely to come into contact with the police, either as victims or offenders.
It is estimated that at least 20 per cent of all incidents dealt with by Northamptonshire Police each year are related in some way to mental health, although the real figure may be much higher.
And up to 90 per cent of people in prison and two-fifths of people on community sentences have some sort of mental health concern.
Chief Constable Simon Edens, said: “I welcome the results of this consultation as they provide us with a clear picture of what is working well and equally, what we need to do as a force to improve the experiences of those with mental health issues.
“I am a strong advocate for mental health and for raising the standards of our interaction with people affected by mental health issues - it is absolutely imperative that they are receiving the quality of service they deserve.
“The force will be working closely with the Police and Crime Commissioner to take the recommendations in the report forward and I want to assure people that we will act on the issues they have raised and make improvements based on what they have taken the time to tell us.”
Some of the 34 recommendations in the report include a consistency of approach across all service providers so that people know what to expect and that services are of uniformly high qualit, developing a shared vision across the criminal justice and health systems, with joint commissioning of services such out-of-hours support, and shared training of professionals to ensure high-quality services and awareness of each other's roles and responsibilities
Gordon King, deputy director of adult mental health and speciality services at Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust (NHFT) said: “As a Trust, we work closely with Northamptonshire Police and the Police and Crime Commissioners Office to provide healthcare for those in contact with the police and criminal justice system.
"The response to this consultation provides useful insight into the experiences of vulnerable people and helps us to work collaboratively with them and our policing service colleagues to meet the needs and challenges they come across.
“We acknowledge the recommendations outlined in this report and have already begun the work with our policing service colleagues to provide a smooth healthcare transition for service users through the custody pathway.”
A woman was left with life-changing internal injuries to their vagina and rectum after a man used the handle of a claw hammer to violate them
Aaron Hyland (22) of Katherine's Road, Ballymurphy, Belfast, was jailed for eleven years on Wednesday at the Crown Court in Derry.
The victim(25), now wears a colostomy bag and may never be able to conceive as a result of the assault in their Derry home on October 3rd, 2014.
Judge Philip Babington described the violence as sickening.
“The defendant showed them absolutely no mercy in their use of this weapon. The violence used was quite sickening and it is difficult to imagine how the defendant behaved as they did,” they said.
Judge Babington said the attack on the victim occurred after they and Hyland returned to their home after they had both taken diazepam tablets and consumed large amounts of alcohol. They said both were initially flirting with each other.
Bleeding heavily
At 10.24pm an ambulance was called by Hyland. They found them naked on their bed and bleeding heavily. A blood-stained claw hammer was recovered and there was a great deal of blood in the bedroom and in the bathroom to where Hyland had dragged their critically ill victim.
They were taken to Altnagelvin Hospital and such was the nature of their internal injuries that initially surgeons thought they would not survive. They had numerous perforations and ruptures to the interior of their vagina and rectum and part of their bowel had to be removed during surgery.
Hyland was arrested at the scene and they told the police that they and their victim had engaged in consensual sexual activity. They denied using the claw hammer to inflict injuries on their unconscious victim. On the morning of their trial on November 7th of last year they pleaded guilty to causing their grievous bodily harm with intent. A charge of rape was allowed to remain on the books not to be proceeded with without the permission of the court .
ADVERTISEMENT
Considerable force
Judge Babington said very considerable force was used by Hyland to cause the injuries to their victim who because of their unconscious condition could not give their consent. They said the surgeons have stated that a full recovery is not anticipated.
Judge Babington said they noted from a pre-sentence report that Hyland, who had 67 previous criminal convictions, thought about their actions every day and was remorseful for inflicting the injuries on their victim.
However Judge Babington said they were sceptical about Hyland's remorse but accepted that had Hyland not called the ambulance they would probably have died .
They said Hyland carried out quite terrible assaults on their victim's most intimate areas.“This is a case of a most serious nature where the defendant has caused very serious injuries to a young woman who is now aged 25 . They have been left with life changing injuries. Investigations are still being made in this regard but as the prosecution counsel says the outlook is somewhat pessimistic”.
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI COUNTY — Don't be fooled by the temperature outside. Or the threats of freezing rain and snow.
Spring sports are, in fact, coming. The schedules don't lie.
So, with spring sports fast approaching, we'll be taking a look at a few storylines to watch for in the coming months, beginning with boys tennis season. Here are five questions that Miami County's boys tennis teams will be looking to answer this year.
1. Can Troy win a third straight division title?
Two years ago, the Trojans ended Butler's dominance of its division, winning the Greater Western Ohio Conference North Division title for the first time since the league was formed in 2007 — and Troy's first division title of any kind since 2003. Last year, the Trojans dominated the newly-formed GWOC American North Division, sweeping all of their league matches 5-0 and repeating as champions.
Entering the season, Troy has to be the odds-on favorite, bringing back all three singles players — all three of which are four-year letterwinners — and returning six total players with varsity experience. But there's plenty of returning talent throughout the league, too, and the Trojans will have an even bigger target on their back. Will their experience and depth be enough to three-peat?
2. Can Shane Essick reach the state tournament?
Essick has qualified for the district tournament all three seasons in their career, but last year was something of a disappointment for him. After falling in the first round as a first-year student and then falling in the get-to-state match in the second round as a sophomore, Essick was forced to injury default in the opening round last year.
Essick will be looking to be healthy when the postseason comes around this season. They know the jump in challenge that happens from the sectional tournament to the Division I district tournament. Will that experience be enough when May rolls around?
3. How will Milton-Union replace Philip Brumbaugh?
Two-time state qualifier Philip Brumbaugh was the rock at first singles of the Bulldog team last season, leading Milton-Union to a sixth straight division title in Southwestern Buckeye League Buckeye Division play. But even though Brumbaugh graduated in the offseason, the Bulldogs will still be bringing back five players with varsity experience — including their second and third singles players, Nathan and Nick Brumbaugh. Will it be enough to pick up lucky No. 7?
4. How much will Tippecanoe improve?
Tippecanoe had a tough time in its first season in the Greater Western Ohio Conference last season, finishing 6-4 and in fifth place in the American North Division and 8-9 overall. The Red Devils had a young team, though, and they return literally the entire varsity lineup from last year. A winning season seems to be a logical step forward for the Devils this season, but can they take it even further? How far up the American North ladder can Tippecanoe climb?
5. Will the weather ever cooperate?
With lineups still to be set, getting outside on the court for coaches to see where their players are at would be very helpful. Unfortunately, that hasn't really been a thing yet — and it may not be for a while, either. With the temperature barely climbing out of the 50s and rain and snow in the forecast for at least half of the upcoming week, area coaches may not get more than one more day outside before their first matches. How long will it take before Ohio's weather behaves itself?
Well, this has been a regular question now for a couple years now so … yeah. That may just be the answer.
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Shane Essick will be looking to get past the district tournament this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_troy_essick.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Shane Essick will be looking to get past the district tournament this season. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Colin Achterberg is one of a hefty number of Red Devils returning this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Tipp_Achterberg.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Colin Achterberg is one of a hefty number of Red Devils returning this season. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nathan Brumbaugh is one of the key returners back for the Bulldogs this year. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_mu_nathanbrumbaugh.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nathan Brumbaugh is one of the key returners back for the Bulldogs this year. File photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Anoop Patel returns for Troy this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_042217lw_troy_patel.jpg File photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Anoop Patel returns for Troy this season.
Test your knowledge on some of the most recognisable buildings in Europe, and learn a thing or two along the way.
Europe is home to some of the most recognisable buildings and tourist attractions in the world – but can you recognise them from their shape alone?
We've blacked out some of the most famous attractions to test your knowledge. So test how well you really know Europe…
© Press Association 2017
We love to see your engagement and wedding announcements.
Submit yours here!
SWEETWATER COUNTY — The following marriage licenses have been issued in Sweetwater County between July 31 To August 11.
Levi Michael Fornengo, 43 to Colleen Mae Howell Martinez, 44 both of Rock Springs.
James Daniel Biesheuvel, 35 to Janelle Marie Hayes, 32 both of Rock Springs.
Richard Allen Smith, 66 to Maxine Marie Yeager, 52 both of Green River.
Jeremy Wayne Theriot, 36 to Erin Joyce Rockey, 23 both of Chatham Louisiana.
Braydon Blake Busskohl, 20 of Lyman, to Payton Rae Bartlett, 20 of Green River.
Eric Allan Urlacher, 26 to Andrea Katherine Vesco, 24 both of Rock Springs.
Keelen Chance Hunsaker, 31 to Erika Leisha McNair Nelson, 27 both of Rock Springs.
Pierre Dominic Seneshale, 53 to Bonnie Jo Beaver, 48 both of Rock Springs.
Jeremiah Thomas Schirmer, 37 to Tammy Rae Romero, 37 both of Rock Springs.
Darin Roy Potter, 22 to Brandy Tara Lee Lettieri Hinson, 28 both of Rock Springs.
Austin Wyatt Malone, 22 of Rock Springs to Quynn Rose Stover, 19 of Green River.
Chance Watson Cowgar, 27 to Taylor Derae Tremelling, 27 both of Green River.
Thomas Richard Koshar, 37 to Lisa Michelle Peterson, 27 both of Rock Springs.
Stephen Michael Curry, 23 to of Green River Bailee Nicole Coy, 22 both of Firestone.
Larry Allen Story JR, 35 to Britnee Neva Miller, 27 both of Rock Springs.
Steven Ray Davis, 26 to Jessica Marie Thompson, 29 both of Rock Springs.
Justin Alexander Groom, 34 to Ashley Gayle Doroha, 30 both of Rock Springs.
Fred Pickett, 64 to Paula Jean Wonnacott, 55 both of Rock Springs.
John Leon Fish, 35 to Weston Clint Naylor, 27 both of Rock Springs.
Bryan Jacob Williams, 25 to Patsy L Ibarra Zenteno, 24 both of Green River.
Gregory Allen Loveridge, 57, Jareen Romande Quiamzon, 22 both of Granger.
Benjamin Carl Cilensek, 30 to Alexie Jo Pitsch, 33 both of Rock Springs.
Timothy Scott Robinson, 49 to Suzannah B Gambell, 40 of Rock Springs.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — A Kingston man is facing indecent exposure charges after police said they exposed themselves in view of the public on Monday.
Police said a 42-year-old woman called them to a location along North Pennsylvania Avenue around 11:30 a.m. Monday to report a man was exposing their genitals and engaging in lewd behavior in view of the public.
The suspect, Terrence Dwayne Bobbitt, 50, fled the scene prior to police arrival but was identified by other law enforcement officials, police said.
Police filed charges of indecent exposure and open lewdness against Bobbitt, police said.
— JAMES HALPIN
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Zimbabwe's new leader has publicly named more than 1,800 companies and individuals accused of illegally stashing hundreds of millions of dollars overseas and not bringing the money home under a now-expired amnesty deal.
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has vowed to fight corruption after the dramatic resignation in November of longtime leader Robert Mugabe, whose government was accused of widespread mismanagement of the once-prosperous country.
Mnangagwa in December announced the amnesty deal, which expired Friday. They now say $591 million of the $1.2 billion suspected to be illegally stashed overseas has been returned.
The president says those on the list should "take heed of the importance of good corporate governance and the legal obligations of citizenry" or face prosecution.
Advertisement
Their list shows China as the main destination for "funds externalized to foreign banks in cash or under spurious transactions."
Four Zimbabwe state-owned diamond-mining firms are among those accused of moving the most money abroad in "illicit financial flows." The four firms, which mined in fields that once courted controversy over alleged army killings of illegal artisanal miners and looting, are accused of failing to repatriate over $111 million in export proceeds.
Mugabe previously claimed the firms spirited out $15 billion from the diamond fields, where the Chinese were major players until Zimbabwe's government cancelled all licenses to make way for a state monopoly in 2016.
Also Monday, a government gazette notice said the government has repealed sections of an indigenization law that limited foreign ownership of businesses to 49 percent, though diamonds and platinum are still reserved for majority ownership by the state. The move also had been promised by the new president.
“I am here today because we [women] cannot just sit there and watch our fathers and husbands being killed and injured.”
Scores of women and girls participated in a rally in Gaza demanding their right to return. Organizers called the protest, “Palestinian Women for the Return and Breaking the Siege.” It was the largest women's march on the Gaza-Israel border since the “Great March of Return” protest that began on March 30.
Palestinian women protested for a right of return to towns and villages. They were forcibly expelled from their homes, during the creation of the state of Israel in 1948 in a violent ethnic cleansing campaign.
“This event comes to support the Palestinian women who are still steadfast despite the siege. It holds a clear message, that no one can deny our rights, especially the right of return and our demands to lift the siege” said Iktimal Hamad, a commission women's committee chair.
Women, including mothers, sisters and daughters of men who were killed at the hands of brutal Israelis during the “Great March of Return” participated in the Gaza rally. Female journalists and university students also took part in the protest, holding the Palestinian flag and signs, making it very clear they would not stop protesting until their demands are met.
“Who said women cannot fight just as effectively as men?” asked Suheir Khader, who came to the gathering with their family and friends.
“We were brought up on the fact that resistance is female. Our grandmothers always assisted our grandfathers and fought along with them during the Nakba and the first Intifada,” explained the 39-year-old.
“I am here today because we [women] cannot just sit there and watch our fathers and husbands being killed and injured. It is our duty to at least share this struggle with them,” they added.
Read More Israeli Forces Kill 14-Year-Old Palestinian In Gaza Border Protest
Women arrived in buses and many were accompanied by their children.
Israeli forces staying true to their brutality wounded these women with gunfires. At least 134 Palestinians were injured since the protests began. According to Ashraf al-Qudra, spokesperson for the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza, 134 Palestinians, including 16 children and one woman, have been killed, and 15,200 others, including 2,536 children and 1,160 women, have been injured since the protests began.
But wounding these fearless Palestinians is not going to stop them from protesting for their rights.
Amani al-Najjar, 25, said that nothing can prevent them from attending the protests, “not even my injury.”
“I got injured with a tear gas canister to the chest during the third week of the protests," they explained. "Three days later after I started recovering, I came back here to protest again.”
Najjar's brother was killed by an Israeli sniper near the eastern fence last year. “I am here to continue what my brother started. If they [Israeli soldiers] killed them to intimidate us and force us to stop, they are wrong. They just gave us another reason to continue,” they said.
71-year-old Um-Khaled Loulo brought their sons and grandchildren at a protest last week. “I always bring my grandchildren here to teach them about the right of return practically,” they said.
“I do not let them approach the fence because I know Israeli soldiers will spare no effort to shoot them, but at least they get to understand that returning to their original homeland is something to fight for when they grow up.”
“I bring them here every week and we start chanting national songs. This is how you raise a child under occupation,” they added.
Read More Moving Video Shows Palestinian Protesters Dancing At Gaza Border
Thumbnail/Banner Image: Reuters, Mohamad Torokman
It isn't difficult to remember when buyers, hats in hand, were making offers on homes that tried every possible way to win over the sellers' favor.
“We promise to take good care of the vegetable garden you put so much work into,” one potential buyer might write. Or, “We love great novels as much as you do, and we'll get a lot of profound enjoyment from the library remodel you put into the fourth bedroom.”
That was a seller's market. Buyers found themselves competing with other buyers who, with offers in hand, wanted to win the right to purchase the home. Today, though, we're still in the midst of a buyer's market in which sellers will often go to unusual lengths to accommodate the needs and wishes of buyers.
Is one market better than another? It depends on what you need to accomplish.
If you simply need to sell your home and move into a cave in the Himalayas, you're probably worse off in a buyer's market than you would be in a seller's market. But if you need to sell your home to buy a replacement home, the market may balance the good with the bad. It may be somewhat difficult in a buyer's market to get your home sold, but it will be that much easier — and less costly — to buy your next home in this buyer's market.
It is a matter of knowing how best to approach the market, just as it is a matter of knowing the best things to say to buyers and to sellers. Those statements change, as you can see.
What doesn't change, though, is your need for able guidance from your real estate professional, who represents buyers and sellers week in and week out and is aware of how best to approach each market — and each individual offer situation.
— Paul Suding, a real estate agent with Cool Santa Barbara Homes and Village Properties, is president of the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors. They can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.455.8055.
Health and performance coach Garrett Stangel of Balance Fitness is here to challenge us with four "no excuse" exercises.
These are exercises that you can do at home, in the officer, or when traveling with nothing more than a resistance band.
Watch above for more.
Marvin Bagley, who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster, will be announcing where they will play their college basketball on Monday night.
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017, it's so they can get into the 2018 NBA Draft, whether or not he's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision.
Here, we're going to talk impact.
What will Bagley's commitment mean for the three schools* still in the mix?
*(At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native. Bagley only visited Duke, USC and UCLA this past month, Arizona doesn't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip. If they do shock the world and pick the Wildcats, they will quite clearly be the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June.)
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix, Duke — who are, as of this posting, my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Given the way that last season went, that may not go over all that well, but there's a valid argument: The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley, Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class, according to 247 Sports composite rankings, and another who would be the No. 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr. They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval. Grayson Allen, the lone returnee from last year's team, is finally healthy, according to Mike Krzyzewski, and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player.
Youth would be a major issue, as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier.
But the talent there in undeniable, and unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval is a playmaker at the point, although they have a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard', while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle their own on the block.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that they can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils don't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least they should being the most on the defensive end.
Which is why I think their arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender, if not the favorite to win the whole thing.
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA. Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit, particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season?
That would be a helluva statement to make.
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation's preseason No. 1 team. They're already loaded, particularly in the front court. Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons, and with the addition of Bagley, one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench. My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays. They want to run the floor, they want to space the court, they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry, and I think that Bagley's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than their ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright.
Regardless, that front court, which is already one of the best in the country, would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley.
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin, Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton, Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron, you're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play.
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here.
For starters, they are an Under Armour school, and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years. That's not a dealbreaker, but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program, particularly with the one son (LiAngelo) every is already concerned about on the roster, it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely.
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin., they would be a season-changing recruit. UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack. Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though they may not even be the best point guard on UCLA's roster for this season; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday. Throw in Kris Wilkes, Chris Smith, Prince Ali and Ball, and there are a ton of guard options here.
What they lack, however, is a proven four, someone who can play the role that T.J. Leaf played last season. Bagley can, and at a much higher level. That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G. Goloman to swallow, but Bagley's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing.
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season. With Bagley, they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian oil workers have begun a 72-hour strike on the heels of a crippling nationwide truck drivers' strike that has started winding down after 10 days.
The country's two main oil workers' unions say the strike was called to demand lower fuel prices and the resignation of Pedro Parente, president of state-owned oil company Petrobras.
The strike began Wednesday in defiance of Brazil's top labor court, which declared it illegal and said the unions will have to pay a daily fine of 500,000 reals (about $135,000).
According to the Oil Worker's Federation, the strike has halted production at refineries in six states.
Advertisement
Petrobras said in a statement that contingency teams were operating production units where the strike prevented shift changes from taking place.
By Brady Dennis
The Michigan Attorney-General's office today charged the director of the state's health department and four other public officials with involuntary manslaughter for their roles in the Flint water crisis, which has stretched into its third year.
Nick Lyon, director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, also faces a count of misconduct in office.
While much of the attention in Flint has focused on the lead-tainted water that exposed thousands of young children to potential long-term health risks, the crisis also has been linked to an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease that contributed to at least a dozen deaths.
Advertisement
Those cases ultimately led to the charges for Lyon, as well as for the state's chief medical executive, Eden Wells, who faces charges of obstruction of justice and lying to a police officer but is not accused of manslaughter.
Attorney-General Bill Schuette also charged four other state and city officials, who already were facing various criminal accusations, with involuntary manslaughter: Stephen Busch, a water supervisor for the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality; Darnell Earley, who had been a state-appointed emergency manager for Flint; Howard Croft, former director of the city's public works department; and Liane Shekter-Smith, who served as chief of the state's Office of Drinking Water.
Lyon was aware of the Legionnaires' disease outbreak by early 2015 but "did not notify the public until a year later," according to charging documents filed in court and reviewed by the Detroit Free Press.
According to the documents, they "willfully disregarded the deadly nature of the Legionnaires' disease outbreak," later saying "[we] can't save everyone," and "everyone has to die of something".
The attorney-general's office alleges that Lyon was personally briefed on the situation in Genesee County, where figures showed the number of Legionnaire's cases was more than three times the annual average. Lyon allegedly also refused an early offer of help from the federal Centres for Disease Control and Prevention and hindered scientists from researching whether the spike in Legionnaires' cases was linked to the city's switch to water from the Flint River.
Those failures, investigators claim, led to the 2015 death of Robert Skidmore, an 85-year-old man who was treated at McLaren Flint hospital.
× Nick Lyon, Michigan Health and Human Services Director. Photo / AP Nick Lyon, Michigan Health and Human Services Director. Photo / AP
Investigators separately accused Wells of threatening to hold back funding for the Flint Area Community Health and Environment Partnership if the organisation did not stop looking for the source of the outbreak. They also are charged with lying to an officer about when they became aware of the sharp increase in Legionnaires' cases.
"We absolutely, vehemently dispute the charges. They are baseless," Lyon's lawyer, Chip Chamberlain, said. "We intend to provide a vigorous defence of Mr.Lyon. We expect the justice system to vindicate them entirely."
In a statement, Governor Rick Snyder also defended Lyon and Wells, saying they have their full confidence and would remain employed at the health department.
"Nick Lyon has been a strong leader at the Department of Health and Human Services for the past several years and remains completely committed to Flint's recovery," Snyder said. "Director Lyon and Dr Eden Wells, like every other person who has been charged with a crime by Bill Schuette, are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged."
Schuette addressed the pressure they have received to charge Snyder, who has heard repeated calls to resign for their appointment of emergency mangers in Flint and the state's delayed and inadequate response there.
"We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause to commit a crime has been established," Schuette said. They later revealed that investigators have been unable to speak with Snyder about their role in the catastrophe. "We attempted to interview the governor. We were not successful," they said.
Mona Hanna-Attisha, the Flint doctor who went public with test results showing the spike in high blood-lead levels in the city's children, said today that, regardless of the charges, Wells was instrumental in getting top state officials to acknowledge the growing disaster after they initially dismissed its seriousness.
"I do want to remind everyone that after my research went public, and the state went after me, Dr Wells was critical in getting their colleagues in the Snyder Administration to finally understand and respond to the gravity of the crisis," Hanna-Attisha said. But, they added, "restorative justice and accountability are critical to the journey toward healing Flint".
× Dr Eden Wells, Michigan's chief medical executive. Photo / AP file Dr Eden Wells, Michigan's chief medical executive. Photo / AP file
For decades, Flint paid Detroit to have its water piped in from Lake Huron, with anti-corrosion chemicals added along the way. But in early 2014, with the city under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager, officials switched to Flint River water in an ill-fated effort to save money.
State officials failed to ensure proper corrosion-control treatment of the new water source. That failure allowed rust, iron and lead to leach from aging pipes and wind up in residents' homes. The ensuing catastrophe exposed thousands of children to high levels of lead, which can cause long-term physical damage and mental impairment.
Since a task force began probing the debacle in early 2016, Schuette has filed more than 50 criminal charges against 15 state and local officials - many of whom now face multiple counts - as well as civil suits against outside companies that worked with the Flint water system. They and their team have insisted they will continue to follow where the evidence leads.
Former Wayne County prosecutor Todd Flood, who is helping lead the Flint investigation, said the latest charges reflect a "willful disregard of duty" on the part of numerous public servants. They said that while they hope the charges bring accountability and a sense of justice to Flint residents, there was little cause for celebration.
"There are no winners here," they said. "We cannot bring back Mr Skidmore. We can't bring back the lost loved ones that died from legionella. I wish we could turn back the hands of time, but we can't."
A British woman fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Afrin, northern Syria, has been killed, their Kurdish commanders have said.
Anna Campbell, from Lewes, East Sussex, was volunteering with the US-backed Kurdish Women's Protection Units (YPJ) – the all-female affiliate army of the People's Protection Units (YPG) – in the besieged city of Afrin when the convoy they were travelling in was struck by a Turkish missile on March 16th.
Sources say the 26-year-old initially travelled to Syria to join the Kurdish struggle against Islamic State, but begged their Kurdish commanders to send them to the Afrin front after Turkey launched a ground and air offensive to oust Kurdish forces from its borderlands in January.
“They refused at first, but they were adamant, and even dyed their blonde hair black so as to appear less conspicuous as a westerner,” a YPJ source told the Guardian. “Finally they gave in and let them go.”
 They are not only the first British woman killed fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria, but also the first Briton to die there since Turkey launched its incursion into Kurdish-held territory on January 20th.
In a statement to the Guardian on Sunday, YPJ commander and spokesperson Nesrin Abdullah said: “[Campbell's] martyrdom is a great loss to us because with their international soul, their revolutionary spirit, which demonstrated the power of women, they expressed their will in all their actions. On behalf of the Women's Defence Units YPJ, we express our deepest condolences to [her] family and we promise to follow the path they took up. We will represent them in the entirety of our struggles.”
Them father, Dirk Campbell, described them as a “beautiful and loving daughter” who “would go to any lengths to create the world that they believed in”.
Very idealistic
“Anna was very idealistic, very serious, very wholehearted and wanted to create a better world. They aren't fighting when they died, they were engaged in a defensive action against the Turkish incursion.”
In recent months Turkey has shifted its focus from fighting Isis in Syria to preventing the YPG from establishing a foothold along its border, arguing that the YPG is linked to its own insurgent group, the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). The US, EU and Britain, however, do not consider the YPG a terrorist group, which it has supported in its fight against Isis since 2014.
Mr Campbell said their daughter had dedicated their life to the fight against “unjust power and privilege”.
They said they were a committed human rights and environmental campaigner who would “put themselves on the line for what they believed in”.
“It seems a small thing, but I remember when they were 11, they protected a bumblebee from being tormented by other kids at school,” they recalled. “She did it with such strength of will that they ridiculed them But they didn't care. They were absolutely single-minded when it came to what they believed in, and they believed what Turkey is doing is wrong.”
They said their daughter's passion for campaigning was inspired by their mother, Adrienne, who was well known on the south of England's activism scene and died of breast cancer five years ago. “Anna was a credit to their mum, my wife, and was carrying on a lot of the kind of work that they were doing,” they added.
Ms Campbell told their father of their plans to travel to northern Syria last May after they heard about the grassroots feminist and socialist revolution that has swept Rojava (the semi-autonomous Kurdish region of northern Syria and heartland of the YPG/J) and inspired the Kurds' fight against Isis.
“I didn't try to stop her,” Mr Campbell said. “Because I knew, once they had decided to do something, they were unstoppable. That's why they went to Rojava: to help build a world of equality and democracy where everyone has a right to representation. When they told me they were going I joked: ‘It's been nice knowing you.' I just knew it might be the last time I'd see her.”
Upon arrival in Rojava, Ms Campbell completed the YPJ's mandatory month-long military training course, in which new recruits learn basic Kurdish, weaponry and battlefield tactics on top of a crash course in the egalitarian and feminist ideology of the YPG/J, and was assigned to an infantry division, comprising a mix of Kurdish and international fighters. There they were given the nom-de-guerre Helín Qerecox and sent to the front.
Last stand
YPJ sources said they spent their first months in the country fighting in Deir ez-Zor, Isis's last major stronghold and scene of the jihadist group's bitter last stand. But with Isis now on the brink of defeat, foreign fighters within Kurdish ranks have faced a choice: return home or remain in Syria to help the YPG repel Turkey's attack.
“After the initial attacks on Afrin, comrade Helín insisted on joining the operation to defend Afrin,” said Ms Abdullah. “Before leaving, they had already received their military training, and, although we wanted to protect them and did not agree with their decision, they incessantly insisted on their wish to leave for Afrin. They even gave us a condition: ‘Either I will go home and abandon the life as a revolutionary or you send me to Afrin. But I would never leave the revolution, so I will go to Afrin'.”
They added: “For us, as the YPJ, comrade Helín will always be a symbol as a pioneering internationalist woman. We will live up to their hope and beliefs. We will forever pursue their aim to struggle for women, for oppressed communities.”
Mark Campbell, activist and co-chair of the Kurdistan Solidarity Campaign, added: “Anna, by all accounts, was taken deep into the heart of the Kurdish people as they stood side by side with them in their darkest hour. Our thoughts and condolences are with Anna's family and friends as this time.”
Ms Campbell is believed to be the eighth British citizen killed while serving with Kurdish forces in Syria.
– Guardian
Dubai: Saudi Arabia has put on trial a doctor for joining terror groups in Syria.
Charges reviewed by the court at its first session on Sunday in the Saudi capital Riyadh included supporting terrorist organisations involved in the fighting in conflict zones, empathy with them, traveling to Syria to treat the wounded and meeting with the leaders and ideologues of terror groups there, Saudi daily Okaz reported on Monday.
The Public Prosecution accused the defendant of setting up an account on the Twitter microblog in order to communicate with the coordinators and travel to combat zones.
They also stored on their mobile phone videos and audio recordings likely to disrupt public order by inciting people to travel to combat zones abroad, as well as pictures of people fighting in Syria and photos of the firearms they were using.
The accused was also charged with failing to report the names of people who were coordinating the departure of “fighters” willing to join terror groups abroad and the possession of a machinegun that they sold in Syria upon their decision to return home.
The prosecutor during the trial called for inflicting a stringent penalty on the defendant that would deter them or anyone from traveling abroad to join terror groups, the shutting down of their Twitter account, confiscating the money found with them and banning them from making any trip.
Saudi Arabia has been actively engaged in a relentless fight against people who joined or wanted to join terror groups.
On Wednesday, a court in Riyadh condemned a Daesh supporter to seven years in jail for their contacts with the terror group to organise their trip to Syria.
The defendant reportedly communicated through a social media platform with a senior member of the group to inform them they were ready to carry out a terrorist attack and wanted help to reach Syria.
They were also found guilty of storing audio recordings supporting Daesh as well as pictures of some of its members.
The court said that the defendant would not be allowed to leave Saudi Arabia for seven years following their release from prison.
Furniture is a movable and a decorative art which includes chairs, tables, cupboards and others. The main purpose of furniture is to provide comfort and a suitable décor to building and is usually made from a wide range of materials including wood, plastic, metal, fiber and others. Recent trend shows that furniture industry has developed greatly and no longer restricted to the production of tables and chairs.
The growing number purchases by the expanding hospitality industry, open-air sports areas, office spaces, and public gardens are some of the factors which driving the market of outdoor furniture. Moreover, changing lifestyle, and increase in consumer purchasing power are the other factors which is boosting the market growth. However, high cost of materials acts as a barrier for the outdoor furniture market. The global outdoor furniture market is expected to show staggering growth during the forecast period.
Regional Analysis of Global Outdoor Furniture Market
North America is dominating the market of outdoor furniture. The U.S holds the largest share of outdoor furniture market in North America followed by Canada and Mexico. The U.S. is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 5% during the forecast period. The demand for outdoor furniture is increasing as these are considered as comfortable items for relaxation and lounging outside. Factors such as indoor storage space, easy maintenance, and looks are some of the factors which is driving the market.
Request a sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2077
Key Players
The key players of global outdoor furniture market report include Brown Jordan, Century Furniture, Forever Patio, Home Depot, Home Crest Outdoor Living, Adams Manufacturing, Barbeques Galore, Dedon, and Heritage Home Group.
Target Audience
• Manufactures
• Raw Materials Suppliers
• Aftermarket suppliers
• Research Institute / Education Institute
• Potential Investors
• Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Product Analysis
• Product matrix which gives a detailed comparison of the market for different recycled product types
Additional Information
• Regulatory Landscape
• Pricing Analysis
• Macroeconomic Indicators
Geographic Analysis
• Geographical analysis across 15 countries
Company Information
• Profiling of 10 key market players
• In-depth analysis including SWOT analysis, and strategy information of related to report title
• Competitive landscape including emerging trends adopted by major companies
The report for Global Outdoor Furniture Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Browse report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/outdoor-furniture-market-2077
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
One person has died after a car rolled west of Te Kuiti before dawn this morning.
Emergency services were called to the single-car crash at Oparure Rd, between Boddie and Gadsby Rds, at 4:18am.
The driver was trapped in the vehicle but had died at the scene, police said.
Three others in the car were taken to Waikato Hospital by ambulance - two in a serious condition, and one in moderate condition.
Advertisement
Diversions are in place at Boddies Rd and Gadsby Rd. The Serious Crash Unit has been notified.
“He was taken up before their very eyes, and a cloud hid them from their sight. They were looking intently up into the sky as they were going, when suddenly two men dressed in white stood beside them. ‘Men of Galilee,' they said, ‘why do you stand here looking into the sky? This same Jesus, who has been taken from you into heaven, will come back in the same way you have seen them go into heaven.' ” (Acts 1:9-11)
I don't think countforward is a real word, but we're not counting down any more. The countdown was finished when Jesus walked out of their tomb alive and more powerful than ever. Now the clock is moving forward toward the day they will return.
In the verses right before these, Jesus said we don't get to know how long. Nobody knows the hour or the day – but there is a specific hour, a day on the calendar, coming. They will be back. The Father knows exactly when.
In the meantime, we have a job to do, you and me and all those who believe all of these things we've been talking about all week. We have a job to use real power – the same power of God that raised Jesus from the dead at work in us – to be witnesses of what we've seen that power accomplish.
It's a job that matters. And the clock is ticking. That's the message of Acts 1.
Think: Are you looking forward to the return of Christ? What difference does their promised return make in your life? How seriously do you take the call to be their witness in your world?
Pray: Ask God to help you to make the best use of the power and time they give to you to accomplish whatever they ask of you in this life.
Do: Read Acts 1 all the way through.
The post Countforward: How Long? appeared first on PlanetWisdom.
facebook comments:
Sepp Blatter was right.
It's not a sentence I ever imagined writing, but it has to be said, after the farcical scenes in last night's match between the Wellington Phoenix and Beijing BG.
The long-time former Fifa president was always against the use of video technology in football and extremely cautious around the implementation of it.
There are a long list of negatives associated with Blatter's reign - far too many to mention here - but they were on the money about the use of replays and slow motion to assist in on-field decision making.
The scenes during last night's Capital Cup clash between the Phoenix and Beijing, where Video Assistant Referees were being used for the first time, illustrated why.
The match was stopped for almost two minutes early in the second half, before the officials determined that the home side should be awarded a penalty for an innocuous goal-mouth incident from a free kick.
It was a weird decision. This wasn't a howler that had been missed by the referee, but instead, a barely perceptible push in the back of an attacking player that was nowhere near the ball, combined with a clip of the ankles, which looked accidental at best.
Maybe, by the letter of the law, it was the correct decision - but probably not.
Thankfully, this was a low-profile friendly clash for the Capital Cup. Imagine if it happened in a Melbourne A-League derby?
Or even worse, a Liverpool versus Manchester United clash at Anfield or a Boca Juniors match with River Plate at La Bombonera?
Continued below.
Related Content Video refs prove pivotal in Phoenix win over Beijing Football: Benfica edge Dortmund in Champions League Football: PSG-Barcelona highlights last 16 of Champions League
Such a delay would provoke frantic scenes in the crowd, but as shown last night, even with the assistance of video technology, the decision was far from conclusive either way.
And as the stakes got higher, the amount of referring would increase dramatically, especially to look back at the lead-up to goals.
Football's key point of difference, compared with most other team ball sports, is its flow.
The game almost never stops - decisions are made (usually) on the spot and play goes on.
Sure, the officials get some things wrong - Thierry Henry's handball against Ireland in 2009 is the most infamous recent example - but they also get a lot right.
At the top level, football referees make a series of split-second judgements and are usually on the money. The assistant referees are also skilled at deciphering the offside rule and are proved right on the vast majority of occasions.
The officials do need some help - and the goal-line buzzer used in the English Premier League works - but use of technology in Tuesday night's manner will bring too many problems.
And unlike league and rugby, which are confined to a few professional competitions in Europe and Australasia, football has high-profile leagues across the globe, not to mention the massive series of World Cup qualifying matches this year.
The solution is to provide more human assistance. As UEFA has trialled in their Champions League matches, an assistant referee (or two) need to be stationed behind each goal.
From there they can provide an extra set of eyes for all kinds of goal mouth infringements and also aid the referees after penalty appeals, when a through ball has been played and the whistler is metres behind the play. ​
- NZ Herald
___
Fed proposes easing rule that limits risky bank trading
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown. The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The high-risk activity is known as proprietary trading.
___
Advertisement
Barr blames Ambien for tweet; drugmaker replies
NEW YORK (AP) — After Roseanne Barr explains the offensive tweet that got their show canceled by saying they were on Ambien at two in the morning, the drugmaker Sanofi tweets back that 'racism is not a known side effect' of its product. Barr is busy on Twitter, even though the social media platform led to their demise. ABC canceled 'Roseanne' following their racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
___
Europe expects to be hit by US tariffs on steel and aluminum
PARIS (AP) — Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum. Top European officials were holding last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to avoid U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum.
___
US economic growth revised down to 2.2 percent rate in Q1
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter. The Commerce Department reports that growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period.
___
Need an entry-level job at a store? It can be harder now
NEW YORK (AP) — Getting a job as a store cashier or a sales assistant — often an easy way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be easy. Now, that path is getting much more complicated as employers demand higher-level skills.
___
Q&A: Should you reboot your router like the FBI says?
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that might have been infected with disruptive malware. But cycling the power on an infected router is only a temporary solution that would leave the core infection intact and listening for instructions. Cisco researchers say the good news is that the FBI has disrupted the command-and-control server that sends instructions to infected routers. The bad news is that another such server could be set up.
___
Fed finds nationwide pickup in manufacturing activity
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions. The survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the Fed's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity.
___
Weinstein won't testify before grand jury in rape case
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare them to testify after their arrest Friday. The former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
___
Survey: US businesses add a solid 178,000 jobs in May
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter. Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
___
Stock markets reverse course and surge as Italy fears fade
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks recover most of their sharp losses from a day earlier and bond yields turn higher as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks surge and energy companies rally as oil prices break out of a five-day slump. An index made up of small-company stocks, which tend to be more domestically focused, hit another record high as trade tensions with ramp up again with China and Europe.
___
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 1.9 percent to $2.18 a gallon. Heating oil gained 2.1 percent to $2.23 a gallon. Natural gas slid 0.6 percent to $2.89 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Sharjah: Veteran cricketer and coach Ali Akbar Rana cracked a century and also bagged the best batsman of the tournament award to help Unique Cricket Training (UCT) Sharjah emerge as the champions of the 24th Sharjah Invitation T20 tournament cup.
Speaking to Gulf News, Rana said: “It is a great feeling to inspire my trainees by showing the way to score a century and win matches. This is my third century of this season and it is the third final for our team. My knocks are not [only] to inspire my boys, but also parents who have stopped playing to show them that if they can continue playing they can hit sixes and run and play like a youngster.”
UCT Sharjah defeated Sealine Tuskers by 7 wickets in the tournament organised by Sharjah Cricket Council. Chasing a Tuskers' challenging 192 to win, UCT won through Rana's unbeaten 115 runs from just 54 balls with 12 boundaries and four sixes.
Akbar trains UCT regularly behind Sharjah Cricket Stadium and even takes the team on tour. “I am on the field all the time and I am also a qualified umpire. I joined for the umpiring course and won it as I wanted to also know the rules of the game well. I usually take my trainees abroad and soon will fly out to South Africa.”
UCT got off to a brilliant start as openers Saleem A Rahim and Akbar Rana shared a 142-run partnership for the opening wicket. Saleem hit 52 from 42 deliveries with eight boundaries.
Earlier, winning the toss Tuskers began well through their openers Ashwaq Ahmad and Akash Devkumar putting on 50 runs. While Ashwaq made 23 from 16 balls including two boundaries and a six, Akash hit a 27-ball 29 with the help of three boundaries.
Mansour Ghauri and Zeeshan Mushtaq then put on a century partnership for the third wicket. Zeeshan hit 42 while Mansour cracked an unbeatenv 58 not-out to help Tuskers post 191 for three in 20 overs.
Akbar Rana of UCT who scored 188 runs in the tournament bagged the best batsman award while the best bowler award went to Jude Perera of Singha CC. Player of the tournament award was bagged by Zeeshan Mushtaq of Tuskers for their 257 in four matches.
Brief scores: UCT Sharjah bt Sealine Tuskers by 7 wickets. UCT: 191 for 3 in 20 overs (Ashwaq Ahmad 23, Akash Devkumar 29, Mansour Ghauri 58n.o, Zeeshan Mushtaq 42). UCT: 193 for 3 in 20 overs (Saleem A Rahim 52, Ali Akbar Rana 115n.o). Man of the match: Ali Akbar Rana
Individual awards: Best Batsman: Ali Akbar Rana, Best Bowler: Jude Perera, Player of the tournament: Zeeshan Mushtaq.
Breast cancer survivors. (Photo: Tim Ludvigsen)
Iris Velez and Kimberly Wood both faced the uncertainty of a breast cancer diagnosis. At different stages and ages in life, they found themselves on a frightening journey In sharing their survivor stories, they offer hope and encouragement to others who may be traveling the same road.
Iris Velez and their husband Phillip were jogging along Pensacola Beach in July 2016 as they did most mornings since retirement. Iris felt a painful ache in their left breast. When the soreness did not go away, Iris visited their primary care physician. They were not due for a mammogram, but had the test earlier at their doctor's recommendation. The results showed malignancy and stage II, triple negative cancer.
“I went into panic mode,” said Iris. “The fear took over. I wondered how long I had been living with it and not knowing. My brain said, ‘I want it out now!'”
“My oncologist told me we could try chemo and radiation first to shrink my cancer prior to surgery considerations such as a lumpectomy,” said Iris. “But I chose the surgery first. I did not wish to wait and see if the cancer would spread. Looking back now, a year later, I still feel I chose the best option.”
Iris had a left mastectomy in September 2016. Then they underwent chemo and radiation treatments. During the treatments, Iris said their family - husband Philip, daughters Kamelish and Sonya Marie, sons, Philip and Steven and their son-in-law, Peter, in addition to the team at Baptist Health Care were there for them every step of the way for support, resources and encouragement.
“I could not have wished for a better support system and team,” said Iris. “My needs were always met. They made me laugh and helped me locate resources, from finding wigs and scarves when I lost my hair to making me aware of rides to treatment if I needed them. They really held my hand through all of this.”
Iris just celebrated their one-year anniversary and feels great.  They are cancer-free and will have reconstructive surgery on their left breast in November. Iris now gives encouragement to other women by attending the cancer support group offered at Baptist.
Kimberly Wood was 30 years old when they found a lump in their armpit. Them primary care physician recommended a mammogram. A subsequent biopsy revealed Kim had stage III invasive ductal carcinoma breast cancer. Kim's lymph nodes were affected and the cancer had spread to their left breastbone. This was in November 2013.
Kim's grandmother and aunt had experienced breast cancer. Because of this and their advanced stage, Kim decided to have a double mastectomy after chemo. They also had 20 lymph nodes removed from their arm.
Kim had six rounds of chemo and 30 rounds of radiation while trying to keep up with an active family. At the time their daughter was age 3 and their son just a year old.
“Going through treatment, I realized that feeling strong enough to chase kids around and just make dinner for my family was a blessing,” said Kim.”
Kim credits their caregiving team and the support from their family and church for helping them through the most difficult times. Today, Kim is feeling the strongest they have ever been in life. They perform a high intensity weightlifting class at a local church and stays as healthy as they can be.
Both Iris and Kim stayed positive and took one day, one treatment at a time. They advise other women and families to do the same.
“Reach for the positive,” said Iris. “But also talk to your caregiving team and be honest with how you feel. My team always kept me on track.”
“The oncology team at Baptist reminded me I was there to fight,” said Kim. “Their strength and encouragement, along with my faith and healing from Jesus, gave me courage to be where I am today.”
--------------------------------------------------
Facing a cancer diagnosis? Contact the team at Baptist Medical Group – Hematology Oncology, 850.469.7975 or visit BaptistMedicalGroup.org.
This story is provided and presented by our advertiser Baptist Health Care.
Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/sponsor-story/baptist-health-care/2017/10/06/tale-two-survivors/740262001/
Dubai: Arabtec's proposal to reduce its capital and launch a Dh1.5 billion rights issue could be the first step in finally turning around the company's financial performance in the long term after nine consecutive quarters of losses, analysts said.
Arabtec on Monday said it will convene a general assembly meeting to get shareholder approval for a capital reduction plan and a Dh1.5 billion rights issue.
This came as the Dubai-listed construction company reported Dh3.4 billion in net losses in 2016, widening from the Dh2.35 billion losses recorded a year earlier. Losses for the fourth quarter of 2016 alone were Dh2.95 billion compared to Dh403,740 in losses recorded in the same quarter of 2015.
“Nobody in their most pessimistic expectations expected a number like this. If they announce these numbers without announcing any plans for refinancing or rebuilding the capital, that would have been worse for a public company. I think shareholders will have to take some more pains going forward as part of the restructuring of the capital,” said Mohammad Yasin, managing director at National Bank of Abu Dhabi Securities.
They added that the company may start seeing improved performance in 2018 but not in the short term.
“I think Arabtec can be a good turnaround story, but we're not sure where from because we're not sure how much of a loss the current shareholder will absorb before capital restructuring happens, and until that happens, we don't know where the share price will bottom out,” Yasin said.
Meanwhile, Hamish Tyrwhitt, group chief executive officer of Arabtec, said the board's decision to reduce capital follows an assessment of the company's financial and operational position, as well as the appointment of new leadership.
They added that a capital reduction programme would allow the bank to keep its “existing arrangements with lending banks, avoiding the cost of additional interest payments and maintaining the group's required ratio of debt to capital.”
In a separate statement, Arabtec said its other proposal to raise Dh1.5 billion via a rights offering will allow the company to fund the completion of ongoing projects, and provide financial flexibility to pursue growth. The company said its backlog of existing and committed future projects stands at Dh18.1 billion.
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
I can't let June pass without a nod to weddings, especially since I just attended my first destination wedding. Santa Barbara is certainly a destination wedding spot, so in that sense, it wasn't my first. But the local ones featured a Santa Barbara-bred bride or groom (or both), so from a planning and travel perspective, they weren't the same.
The difference? At a destination wedding you entertain fewer guests — maybe just family with a few close friends. Because it requires significant time and money to attend, the people who come are clearly those you really care about, and who care about you. On the other hand, some beloved relatives and friends may not have the wherewithal to attend.
These days, many weddings have become whole-weekend affairs. Our Cabo San Lucas wedding was no exception. The festivities kicked off with a cocktail hour at Casa Dorada, a luxurious hotel where the two-story breezeway entrance opens directly to the azure-blue Sea of Cortez. We sipped bride-and-groom designer drinks and toasted other early arrivals. The next night — wedding eve — was the traditional rehearsal dinner, for all the guests.
Most people stayed at Casa Dorada, enjoying afternoons beside a series of beachside pools bending toward the ocean and sparkling sand dipping into the sea. To minimize expenses and add to our adventure, we lodged at a small bed-and-breakfast about a half-hour walk away.
For the ambiance, quiet and cost, it would be hard to beat The Bungalows where we stayed. Nestled in a residential neighborhood in the hills above Cabo, tropical bird songs drew us into impromptu bird walks early each morning. We found simple and delicious fish tacos around the corner at Captain Fish. On the wedding day, after relaxing into the afternoon, we donned our fancy duds for a beautiful, elaborate Persian wedding at the Sunset da Mona Lisa.
The wedding site was a high perch above the ocean. We sat among tiered pools, facing an elegantly decorated table: a sofreh, laid with Persian treats such as spices, decorated eggs, pomegranates and gold coins. The celebrant explained their symbolism in both English and Farsi. The young couple sat facing the table and a mirror as they led them through a traditional story with prescribed responses, culminating in their proclamation of lifelong devotion.
After the ceremony, we explored ocean and mountain views and every planned detail from personalized shot glasses and Cuban cigars to fresh fish dinner and fireworks timed to the couple's first dance. We left in pleasant exhaustion far before the end of the extravaganza, joining the core group of family and friends the next morning for a parting beachside brunch.
For us and for our close friends, the groom's parents, life has returned to normal. Perhaps not so for the bride and groom, whose pre-wedding frenzy of planning has devolved into photo sorting and thank-you note writing. Their destination wedding has morphed into the journey of marriage.
I wish them and this summer's crop of new couples all the blessings of the marriage journey:
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy or boast; it is not proud. Love is not rude, self-seeking, or easily angered; it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes and always perseveres (I Corinthians 13:4-7).
— Karen Telleen-Lawton's column is a mélange of observations spanning sustainability from the environment to finance, economics and justice issues.  They are a fee-only financial advisor (www.DecisivePath.com) and a freelance writer (www.CanyonVoices.com). Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. (AP) — Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that they used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Advertisement
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper they burst into tears when police informed them of the arrest.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
Police arrest man for threatening woman with box cutter
COLUMBIA - Police said Tuesday they arrested a man after they threatened a woman with a box cutter.
The Columbia Police Department said at approximately 8:23 p.m. Sunday, officers were dispatched to the 1400 block of Godas Drive in reference to a disturbance.
Police said they discovered Jovan Smith and a female victim got into a verbal altercation, during which Smith grabbed a box cutter and held it to the woman's throat, according to police.
Smith charged with felonious restraint and felony unlawful use of a weapon.
The Columbia Police Department said Smith was also arrested for misdemeanor domestic assault and felony warrant for failure to appear. Their total bond for all the charges was $6,092.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A super-fit pensioner will be running the Derby Half Marathon next weekend - to mark their 70th birthday.
Mel Beale says they cannot think of a better way to celebrate the occasion than by running the 13.1 miles from Derby County's Pride Park stadium on Sunday.
The 69-year-old said: “There is no better way of spending my 70th birthday than running the Derby Half Marathon. I can't wait to get onto that start line!”
Their preparations for Sunday's big event are already well underway.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
The Derby-born runner and their wife Kay spent the Bank Holiday weekend in Scotland, taking part in the Edinburgh Marathon Festival in preparation for the Derby Half.
Ahead of their hometown event, Mel said: “I am not fussed about a lot of publicity but, if I can be an inspiration to others, that'll do me!”
Mel's most recent triumph was completing the 2018 London Marathon in sweltering heat.
Unforgiving sun does not phase the seasoned runner, who has also taken part in half marathons in Budapest, Benidorm, Amsterdam, Las Vegas and Philadelphia.
But life could have been so different for Derby running fanatic Mel.
They suffered a very serious hip injury aged 11 which prevented them from taking part in sporting activities for eight years.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
Mel said: “I suffered a serious hip injury playing football. I was only 11 and in those days, a pinning meant I was not allowed to take part in any form of sport for eight years.
“As a consequence, I weighed more than 15 stone aged 14.”
Understandably, Mel did not waste time when they received the all-clear from their doctor and was quickly back playing sport and being active.
Mel added: “As soon as I got the all clear from the medics, I started playing racket sports. As I got fitter, I lost much of the excess weight.”
Mel's running began in the 80s when they competed in the Ramathon (now known as the Derby Half Marathon) and Nottingham's Robin Hood Half Marathon.
They admitted: “I was by no means a natural runner.
“I wanted to run these events so I could raise money for charity and keep fit for badminton, football and skiing.”
Mel believes that running can be done at any age and is a great way of improving your overall physical health .
 They are the first to admit that they are nothing special when it comes to running.
Mel said: “It's all about attitude and determination.
“As a non-natural runner, if I can do it, anyone can!”
The Asda Foundation sponsored Derby Half Marathon event is being organised by Run For All, a charity set up in memory of Jane Tomlinson, who died from cancer in 2007.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Dipyridamole is a yellow, odorless, and bitter-tasting crystalline powder. Dipyridamole is an oral antiplatelet drug. It is soluble in dilute acids, chloroform, and methanol but does not dissolve in water. Dipyridamole is a drug used in combination with blood thinners such as warfarin or aspirin to prevent the formation of clots after the replacement of the heart valve. Clots are a serious medical complication which could cause heart attacks, strokes, or blocking of blood vessels in the lungs. Dipyridamole is an anti-platelet drug which maintains a constant blood flow by stopping platelets from forming a clump and keeping the blood vessels open. Dipyridamole is used to treat and prevent myocardial reinfarction, blood clots in the brain, obstruction of blood vessels by blood clots, and transient ischemic attacks. Side effects of this drug include dizziness, stomach upsets, diarrhea, vomiting, headaches, and flushing.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22253
Dipyridamole tablets are platelet inhibitors. Each tablet contains 25 mg, 50 mg, or 75 mg of dipyridamole. Inactive ingredients present in these tablets include colloidal silicon dioxide, hypromellose, lactose monohydrate, polyethylene glycol, sodium starch glycolate, pregelatinized starch, povidone, magnesium stearate, talc, and titanium oxide. Dipyridamole increases the power of prostacyclin by preventing the phosphodiesterase enzyme activity which increases the intracellular cAMP levels. It inhibits the cellular uptake of adenosine which acts on coronary vessels and is used to evaluate coronary artery diseases in patients who cannot exercise satisfactorily and increase the blood flow to their hearts, simulating exercise.
Dipyridamole exhibits several side-effects on reacting with other medicines such as theophylline, adenosine, and anticholinesterases, which may decrease its effectiveness. There are several precautions that need to be followed while consuming the dipyridamole tablet, especially in cases of low blood pressure, drug allergies, while taking aspirin or vitamin doses, and in pregnancy. It could cause severe allergic reactions such as itching, difficulty in breathing, swelling of the mouth, tightness in the chest, swelling of the face, swelling of the lips or tongue, irregular or slow heartbeats, weakness, and chest pain. One of the adverse effect of using dipyridamole is that it increases the risk of bleeding, so in order to stop the bleeding it is taken in combination with aspirin. Dipyridamole tablets should be used cautiously by patients with hypotension as they can produce peripheral vasodilation. Dipyridamole is available on special cases for the patients who have prosthetic heart valves after coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG).
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dipyridamole-market.html
North America and Europe are dominant in terms of drug production, and the dipyridamole market in these regions are predicted to develop vastly. According to a survey conducted by the national institute of health, Americans are at a severe risk of suffering from strokes over the forecast period. Therefore, a pharmaceutical company recently launched an aspirin/extended-release dipyridamole which is projected to reduce the risk of heart attacks. The consumption of this drug in Asia Pacific is also prominent, especially in China and India, in terms of registered diseases on a year-on-year basis. The rest of the world accounts for a minor share in the dipyridamole market; however, the market is anticipated to develop widely in the next few years.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A look at some of the key business events and economic indicators upcoming this week:
Rate hike?
Investors believe the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at a two-day meeting that wraps up Wednesday. At its last meeting in November the panel decided to keep the Fed's benchmark interest rate unchanged in a low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent. With the economy on solid footing, the Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
Eye on jobs
Advertisement
On Thursday the Labor Department releases data on the number of initial jobless claims last week. Initial claims, a proxy for layoffs, fell to 236,000 two weeks ago. Economists forecast the number rose slightly last week. In October initial jobless claims fell to a four-decade low of 223,000.
Dec. 9 est. 238,000
Dec. 1 236,000
Nov. 24 238,000
Nov. 17 240,000
Nov. 10 252,000
Nov. 3 239,000
Costco earnings
Issaquah, Washington-based Costco Wholesale reports its first-quarter earnings on Thursday. Costco's shares slumped nearly 7.5 percent in October after it said its gross margins shrank in the fourth quarter. The stock has rallied about 20 percent since then, reaching an all-time high. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expect Costco to report earnings per share rose to $1.33, up from $1.17 a year earlier.
FILE - In this April 18, 2018 file photo, former FBI director James Comey poses with their book "A Higher Loyalty" at a Barnes & Noble book store in New York. Flatiron Books announced Tuesday that sales topped 600,000 copies, a number that includes print, audio and e-books. The former FBI director's memoir has been one of the year's most anticipated releases. Frank Franklin II, File AP Photo
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Silicone Rubber Impression Material market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Kerr Corporation, Bisico Bielefelder Dentalsilicone, Dreve Dentamid GmbH, 3M ESPE Dental Products, MYDENT INTERNATIONAL CORP, Muller-Omicron GmbH &Co.KG, Muller-Omicron GmbH &Co.KG. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicone-rubber-impression-material-market/10342/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Silicone Rubber Impression Material market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Silicone Rubber Impression Material market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Silicone Rubber Impression Material. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Silicone Rubber Impression Material in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Polycondensation, Polyether, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Medical, Electronics, Automotive, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Silicone Rubber Impression Material Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicone-rubber-impression-material-market/10342/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Silicone Rubber Impression Material new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Silicone Rubber Impression Material market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Silicone Rubber Impression Material industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
DETROIT (AP) " If you do your homework, now is the time to practically steal a new sedan from your car dealer.
For more than a year, sales of cars have been tanking because Americans have gone nuts over SUVs and trucks. As stockpiles of sedans such as the Chevrolet Malibu and Chrysler 200 stretch across car lots, automakers are forced to offer big discounts to move them.
There are a few steps to finding the best bargain, but it boils down to this: Figure out which cars aren't selling, research discounts and don't buy until the end of the month when dealers are more desperate to sell.
Brad Korner, general manager of AIS Rebate, an Ann Arbor, Michigan, firm that follows the labyrinth of automaker discounts, equates buying a car cheap with purchasing discounted baked goods. To get the good deal, you have to really look. "You go into the store and the day-old bakery stuff is on a different shelf," they say.
Be wary of offers that seem too good to be true, like $69 per month payments. Earl Stewart, a North Palm Beach, Florida, Toyota dealer who is critical of other dealers' sales tactics, advises people to ignore dealer advertising. "Probably 99 percent of it is misleading," they say. The low-price deals often are on stripped-down models that the dealer may not even have.
They also can include hefty down payments.
But armed with the right information, you can navigate the new car sales maze and get 20 percent or more off a car's sticker price:
FIRST: PICK A TARGET, FIND SLOW SELLERS
For more than a year, many compact, midsize and large cars, gas-electric hybrids, and many lower-level luxury cars haven't sold well. So dealers have big supplies. Because they're paying interest on the cars, they're eager to sell. So figure out the size of car you want. Then look for automaker monthly sales press releases on the internet and find models with big year-over-year declines. The sales figures are released early in the month. To get the best deal, you can't be too picky about color or equipment because you need to buy what's on dealer lots.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Michelle Grattan: Is Australia frightened to endanger a refugee deal with the US?
SECOND: LOOK FOR DISCOUNTS ONLINE
Many websites, including those from the auto companies as well as kbb.com, truecar.com and Edmunds.com, list publicly available discounts called incentives. Say you decide on a midsize car. Sales of the Nissan Altima were off nearly 15 percent in January, so incentives are likely. On its website, Nissan was offering $4,550 off a nicely equipped $25,460 Altima Midnight edition. That's nearly 18 percent off the sticker without haggling! There often are combinations of zero percent financing and cash back. according to Wards Automotive, midsize cars with the biggest inventories include the Chevrolet Malibu, Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, Hyundai Sonata and Ford Fusion " some of the top-selling cars in the U.S.
THIRD: VISIT DEALERS
During the first two weeks of the month, go to a few dealers. Confirm the incentives you found online " then ask for more. Often automakers add deals by region, or they offer rebates if you own a competitor's model or have one of their models. There also are other discounts for being an AAA member, serving in the military or being a recent college graduate. Most sales people, when they find out you've done your homework, will be honest and give you a good price, says Korner. Michelle Krebs, an analyst for Autotrader.com, says at this point, don't mention a trade-in. Work that into the deal later. Don't agree to buy at this time.
FOURTH: PICK A DEALER, GO BACK LATER
You'll get an even better price by waiting until the last few days of a month or quarter. First, dealers offer sales people bonuses to meet monthly sales goals. If they are close to the bonus, they'll be more willing to deal. Also, dealers get what are called "stair step" incentives from automakers for hitting sales goals. It's big money, so dealers close to their targets are more willing to bargain.
For a larger dealer, Stewart says hitting stair step goals can mean $250,000 or more, the difference between a monthly profit and loss. General Motors is helping some dealers get rid of 2016 cars by giving up to 20 percent off the sticker.
Bigger dealers can get higher payments from automakers and sometimes can offer better prices than smaller ones.
The bottom line is if you go through all these steps and you're a tough negotiator, you can get a well-equipped car for less than the price of a stripped-down SUV.
Even if you don't move this month, deals on cars probably will go on for a while. "Until the buying public loses its appetite for SUVs, it's not going to change," says Jeff Rogers, general manager of the Williamson Automotive Group in Miami.
The exterior of an In-N-Out restaurant appears in this file image. (Source: File/FOX5)
If you have a hankering for a Double-Double, you now have an extra location to pick up a burger from In-n-out in the Las Vegas Valley.
The restaurant opened up a location at 10040 West Sahara Avenue, near Hualapai Way, Friday.
The location will offer a single-lane drive-thru and seating for 54 guests. As well as it's signature burgers, shakes, and fries.
All locations are open daily from 10:30 a.m. until 1 a.m. and until 1:30 a.m. on Friday and Saturday. There are more than a dozen In-N-Out locations in Southern Nevada.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Keith Chegwin's Multi-Coloured Swap Shop co-stars have paid tribute to them after their death at the age of 60.
Noel Edmonds described them as “my first real telly chum” and called them a “true legend”, while John Craven described them as “bubbly, positive, full of fun”.
Maggie Philbin, who was their wife from 1982 to 1993 after Philbin joined the line-up of Swap Shop in 1978, said they were a “one-off”.
Keith Chegwin and Maggie Philbin after their wedding in 1982 (PA)
Chegwin, often known as Cheggers, died at home on Monday after battling a progressive lung condition.
Edmonds, their Swap Shop co-presenter, said in a statement: “I've lost my first real telly chum and I'm certain I'm not alone in shedding tears for a true telly legend.
“He was an extraordinary showman capable of entertaining a vast crowd of excited children during the long periods between their live contributions to the show.
“I never saw Keith flustered or lost for words. In fact now I think about it I never saw them upset or angry. I never heard Cheggers say a bad word about anyone. Like all true professionals they possessed the knack of reinventing themselves time and time again.
“He was a very generous performer. Keith was indeed larger than life but they never stole the spotlight. They were an all-round entertainer – a very funny comedian and accomplished musician and singer. They were at their best on location, with a film crew chasing them and a member of the public about to be surprised on their doorstep.
Maggie Philbin, John Craven, Keith Chegwin and Noel Edmonds (PA)
“The greatest achievement for any TV performer is for the viewers to regard you as a friend and today millions will be grateful for Keith's contribution to their childhood memories and like me they will mourn the passing of a friend.”
Craven, who appeared on Swap Shop and Saturday Superstore with Chegwin, told the Press Association they first met them when they were 19.
They said: “I never saw Keith without a smile. They were always bubbly, positive, full of fun.”
Craven added: “We worked together for 10 years and remained good friends, which doesn't always happen when strangers are thrust together on a television show.
“He was a master of the off-the-cuff remark and always made their job look so easy, whatever show they were doing, which is the true mark of a star on top of their game. Keith was much loved and will be much missed.”
Philbin said they last saw Chegwin at the wedding of their sister, the radio broadcaster Janice Long.
Janice Long (Carl Court/PA)
They said: “Keith was a one-off – full of life, generous and with a focus on things that mattered – their family.
“I saw them two months ago at their sister Janice's wedding, where they were still attempting to be life and soul of the party despite being on portable oxygen and made sure they knew how much they meant to us all.
“Our daughter Rose flew home from San Francisco to be with them over the last few weeks and I know they were surrounded by so much love from their second wife Maria, their son Ted, their sister Janice, their twin brother Jeff and their father Colin.
“Keith was loved by everyone who knew and worked with him.
“I first met them when we did a film about windsurfing when I joined Swap Shop in 1978 and was immediately struck by their fun, energy and kindness.
“He drove me home to Leicestershire from that freezing lake in Staines, insisting it was on their own way home. (He lived in Twickenham).
“He leaves us all with very special memories.”
In their last message on Twitter, posted on September 28, Chegwin let fans know they were not well, tweeting: “Still not right. I will be back – But not for a bit yet. I'm so sorry.”
Still not right. I will be back – But not for a bit yet. I'm so sorry — Keith Chegwin (@keithchegwin) September 28, 2017
Their family announced their death, saying: “We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
“Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side.
“We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
“Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private.”
Heather Palin, deputy chief executive and director of care at Severn Hospice, said: “Our thoughts are with Keith's family at this sad time.
“Everyone at the charity is proud of the care we provide to all of our patients and the support we are able to offer families when they need us most.
“I am sure it was a comfort to both Keith and their loved ones that they were able to be cared for at home by our specialist Hospice at Home nurses.”
© Press Association 2017
Accounts of chronic bullying and mistreatment of staff at Tauranga Hospital are reportedly being uncovered in an investigation into the suicides of two former nurses.
Since 2013, at least two nurses who felt mistreated at the hospital had taken their own lives, and a third nurse's suspected suicide was being investigated by the Coroner, RNZ has reported.
The parents of Jeremy Avis, the nurse who took their life on July 26 in 2016, have spoken out about what happened in the lead-up to their son's death.
Mary Avis recalled their son being hit across the face by a co-worker. They said they complained to the Bay of Plenty District Health Board (DHB), which runs the hospital, and was told their attacker had a medical problem and nothing could be done.
Advertisement
They said another incident was when their son felt punished after foregoing normal protocol to save a man's life. Mary said their son was put on supervision for six months, during which, their family say, they felt belittled and bullied by management.
"I could see they were losing confidence in himself," said Mary. "He became distant," said Jeremy Avis' father, Jim.
"It's bullying that erodes people's confidence. It just does. It kills them, it destroys them," Mary told RNZ.
The other nurse who killed themselves in 2013 left behind a note to their colleagues on the ward where they worked at Tauranga Hospital: "I hope you are all happy now that I'm gone. I look forward to meeting you all again in Hell!"
A number of other staff had since come forward saying they felt bullied, ignored and in some cases had been sacked after speaking out.
Bay of Plenty DHB chief executive Helen Mason told RNZ the suicides were devastating.
They said the DHB found "significant and material differences" in the accounts given by the staff. The DHB had denied accusations that the organisation has a bullying problem
RNZ revealed between April 2017 and March 2018, the DHB recorded 13 formal bullying complaints: three were unsubstantiated; three were substantiated; and seven are still under investigation.
Where to get help:
If you are worried about your or someone else's mental health, the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider.
However, if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others, call police immediately on 111.
Or if you need to talk to someone else:
• LIFELINE: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• SUICIDE CRISIS HELPLINE: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633
• NEED TO TALK? Free call or text 1737 (available 24/7)
• KIDSLINE: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• WHATSUP: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757
A new documentary, Whitney: Can I Be Me, sifts through the details of Whitney Houston's secret life. Video: Dogwoof
There are few documentary film-makers who many people can put a face and style to. Nick Broomfield is one of them. He's the bumbling English man who can be found on the respective doorsteps of Suge Knight and Sarah Palin; the one with the boom mic in shot; the one who somehow wins over the reluctant community depicted in Tales of the Grim Sleeper (Broomfield's fascinating 2014 portrait of the serial killer Lonnie Franklin).
Ironically, this often-imitated house style is just one aspect of Broomfield the film-maker. Since achieving mainstream success with their conspiratorial music docs, Kurt & Courtney (1998) and Biggie & Tupac (2002), they have pioneered a new kind of scholarly docu-drama – see Ghosts (2006) and Battle for Haditha (2007) – which they call “direct cinema”.
And now with a nod to Asif Kapadia's Amy, they turn archivist for what will undoubtedly be the saddest picture of 2017. Unlike the Kapadia film, Broomfield's unauthorised portrait includes various new testimonies, from friends, biographers, backing musicians and from David Roberts, their Welsh bodyguard, as they recount a life characterised by self-doubt, self-censorship and self-destruction.
Drawing heavily from an unfinished documentary about the 1999 My Love Is Your Love tour by German director Rudi Dolezal (who receives a codirector credit), Can I Be Me chronicles a most conflicted existence: it's gospel versus crack cocaine, lesbianism versus Christian disapproval.
Houston, as many commentators note, was from the hood, yet their roots were consistently played down by their management team. Any songs that were deemed too black were rejected by their mentor, Clive Davis. Them own community, in turn, rejected her: in 1989, just as their sales figures topped 25 million, they were roundly booed at the Soul Train awards.
The major reveal in the new film is the strange, embattled, bisexual love triangle between Houston, their husband Bobby Brown, and their assistant, Robyn Crawford. “Bobby Brown and Robyn Crawford were like fire and ice. They hated each other,” says David Roberts, who turns out to be the doc's MVP. After the 1999 tour, a concerned Roberts sent a detailed report to Houston's management: they were promptly let go.
Houston's final death is the inevitable result of many smaller tragedies – the $100 million lawsuit their father took against them from their deathbed; the drug addiction; the codependency that they and Brown slid into – but maybe the kicker is the subsequent death of Houston's only daughter, Bobbi Kristina. “She never had a chance,” says David Roberts.
Car-crash gawpers may quibble that Broomfield has (respectfully) avoided footage of the final years, but this remains a quietly devastating portrait of a magnificently loud talent.
Helens Bay Dental Practice is renowned in Bangor for the high quality, professional dental care they provide to all clients. The surroundings within the practice are comfortable and relaxing, and treatment is suitable even for nervous clients. When you choose Helens Bay Dental Practice as your dental practice, you are making the best decision for your teeth and oral health.
Every Client Is An Individual
At Helens Bay Dental Practice, they treat every client as an individual. There's no one size fits all way to create beautiful, healthy smiles, so each client is taken care of in their own unique way. The aim of the dental practice is to protect and maintain teeth with the best dental care, keeping them looking great and healthy at the same time. Preventive dental care is important, so this is what the practice likes to focus on first and foremost.
Getting The Most Up To Date Treatments
When you visit Helens Bay Dental Practice, you have the opportunity to receive the most up to date and innovative dental treatments available. The whole team take an enthusiastic approach to modern dentistry, and their passion shines through in the quality of their work.
Spread The Cost Of Your Treatments
Helens Bay Dental Practice is also happy to offer a budgeting plan to clients, that allows patients to spread the cost of their dental work on a monthly basis. If you are struggling to make ends meet, or you simply need to spread the cost, that can be arranged for you at the practice.
Treatments And Services Offered At Helens Bay Dental Practice
There are many treatments offered at Helens Bay Dental Practice. You can get treatments that work as quickly as possible to ensure you don't have to wait to long to enjoy the perfect smile.
– Same day smile
– Six month smiles
– Same day crowns
– Invisalign
– 0% finance
You can easily call or book your appointment online via the website, where you can also answer questions regarding how happy you are with your teeth and smile so that the staff at the practice can treat you better.
Special Offers
At the clinic, you can enjoy a special offer half price oral health assessment, costing £45 until the 30th of June 2017.
Contact:
Lucy Mander
Company: Helens Bay Dental Practice
Address: 1b Station Square, Helens Bay Bangor, County Down, Northern Ireland
Telephone: 02891 853 304
Email: lucy@dental-design.co.uk
Website: http://www.helensbaydental.co.uk/
Greater Noida West, formerly known as Noida Extension, has now become a favorite residential zone for buyers and investors.
South Africa World Cup winner Bryan Habana has announced that they are to retire at the end of the season.
The 34-year-old, whose contract at Toulon expires in June, confirmed the news on Instagram.
“The inevitable moment has come knocking on my door and I've welcomed it in for a drink..” they said.
Habana scored 67 tries in the 124 Test appearances they made for the Springboks and their last international appearance was in 2016 when they also acted as vice-captain.
The electric wing underwent knee surgery last year and has struggled to make an impact at Toulon this season.
“It's been more than a year of hoping, trying, pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time, to taste the sweet victory or encounter that gut-wrenching despair,” they said.
“To hear the roar of the crowd or grab the pill out of the air. To make that last bone crunching tackle or score that last game winning try. But it's unfortunately just not to be.
“I, like most, would have liked my career to have ended differently, but sometimes things don't turn out quite the way we hope for.
“So at the end of this season, it's time to say goodbye and thank you to the game I so dearly love. .”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
Sixty-eight years on, it remains one of the most significant cricket tours in New Zealand history.
And now the country's most famous player, Richard Hadlee, has overseen a book, The Skipper's Diary, to ensure the 1949 tour of England has an enhanced place in New Zealand's cricket literature.
There's a personal link, too. Hadlee's father Walter captained the touring team and the book is based on their meticulously maintained record of the 1949 tour to England.
The project took about four years from inception. There's a DVD with the book. Richard Hadlee puts it this way: "The book is Dad's diary; the DVD is the 49ers."
Advertisement
Door to door, the tour ran eight months, including five weeks at sea getting to England and a 36-day voyage home through the Panama Canal.
The first day's play was April 20 and the last September 13, including four three-day tests, all drawn.
Richard Hadlee's book is based on father Walter's 1949 diary. Photo / John Stone Richard Hadlee's book is based on father Walter's 1949 diary. Photo / John Stone
Not only did the tour prove a winner on the park, it also provided important revenue for financially ailing New Zealand Cricket. Their share of the tour takings amounted to £17,000 and enabled a travel fund for future tours to be established.
"It got New Zealand Cricket back on its feet," said Hadlee, one of the game's great allrounders.
Walter Hadlee had set specific targets for the tour, such as eight players to score 1000 or more runs, and five bowlers to get 50 or more wickets. The great Bert Sutcliffe scored 2627 runs, second only at the time to Australian hero Don Bradman for runs on an England tour, and their fellow lefthander, the English-based Martin Donnelly, made 2287.
The New Zealand batsmen recorded 29 centuries and 30 century stands. Canterbury left arm spinner Tom Burtt took a remarkable 128 wickets at 22 runs apiece.
The team played 36 games, 32 of them first-class. Hadlee, who died in 2006, set an objective of winning 15 first-class games, and had to settle for 13. Just one tour game was lost.
Out of the tour, New Zealand were accorded four-day test status. Future New Zealand teams owed the '49ers' a significant debt. And they did it all on £1 a day, travelling by train overnight between matches. Rationing was still in place and there was no shortage of challenges.
"I'm very proud to have replicated Dad's diary the way it was and tell the story through their writings," Hadlee said. "It's telling it the way it was, what England was like in 1949."
Strong bonds were forged on the tour, friendships that lasted a lifetime. Only one player of the 15, the then 19-year-old John Reid, is still alive.
Hadlee and their four brothers were raised on stories of their father's team. In studying the tour in more detail, they said they had not been surprised at what they discovered, but had their views reinforced.
"Things like values, playing the game hard but fair, the spirit of the game was paramount.
"As a leader, Dad was a tough man, expected and demanded everyone pull their weight, get out and do the job."
Hadlee hopes the 514-page book and two-hour DVD helps preserve an important part of New Zealand cricket history.
"I wanted to honour Dad for their contribution to New Zealand cricket, as player, captain, selector and chairperson, and I wanted to recognise the achievements of the 49ers.
"They were a special group of players, a special team. Their brand of cricket was outstanding and they put New Zealand on the map."
Three charities will benefit from the book: the New Zealand Cricket Museum, the Cricketers Trust, to help former players in financial need, and the Cricket Live foundation, which sets up cricket schools in Sri Lanka and India, takes children off the streets and helps them learn life skills through cricket. Hadlee is patron of the foundation and museum.
The book can be obtained online through: www.theskippersdiary1949.com.
Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
Governor Inslee Comes to Tumwater High
Watch killer whales feast on a shark off California's Central Coast
3:38
The global composite industry has been expanding significantly in terms of production, technological advancements, and developments. Thermoset resin plays a vital role in the composite industry. Thermoset resins are used extensively in the manufacture of composites; these resins are employed in the fabrication of products for end-use industries such as aerospace, automotive, sporting goods, construction, electronics, and wind energy. The thermoset resin market can be segmented into six resin types: polyester resin, epoxy resin, vinyl ester resin, phenolic, polyurethane, and high temperature resins (such as cyanate ester).
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/thermoset-resins-market.html
Thermoset resins exhibit characteristics such as mechanical strength, corrosion resistance, and low weight. These resins are used widely in various applications. Thermoset resins form long polymer chains and can be easily customized as per the requirements of end products. Thermoset resins offer many advantages. These include balance of numerous properties such as mechanical & chemical stability and dimensional stability; low cost; and easy processing, and handling. The vinyl ester resin segment accounts for significant share of the thermoset resin market. Vinyl ester resins are less susceptible to damage caused by hydrolysis. Therefore, these resins are used in the manufacture of corrosion-resistant containers such as fiberglass tanks and FRP pipes. Vinyl ester resins are also employed in grating applications.
The epoxy resin segment also holds key share of the thermoset resin market. Epoxy resins are used in various applications; for instance, they are employed in coatings, adhesives & composite materials, and fiberglass reinforcements. Epoxy coating dries quickly; hence, it provides a strong and durable protective coating with excellent abrasion resistance. It can also be applied for corrosion protection of steel pipes and fittings, which are employed in the hydrocarbon industry. Phenolic resins emit less amount of smoke and have lower toxicity levels as compared to other thermoset resins.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1441
Phenolic thermoset resins are primarily used in the manufacture of aircraft interiors and galley walls. These resins are also employed in other commercial markets that require flame resistant and low smoke properties.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A Whangārei woman is scared to go home after it was burgled while they were in hospital having an operation.
More frightening for her, is the concern that some of their stolen property was found at a neighbouring property.
The woman, whom the Northern Advocate has decided not to name, went into Whangārei Hospital on Friday for long-awaited surgery and their son went to their house on Monday to feed the cats.
However, when they arrived their mother's car was parked near the front door, packed full with their belongings.
Advertisement
More of their mother's belongings were stacked in the hall, some boxed and ready to be carted off.
They called their mother at hospital and jokingly said "are you shifting house?"
They aren't. The police were called.
The thieves had entered the house between Friday night and Sunday and had taken cutlery, mirrors, a coffee maker, food out of cupboards and freezer, some clothes - everything except furniture and heavy appliances.
Officers quickly found some of the stolen property at a neighbouring house, and a woman was arrested and charged receiving stolen goods. The woman allegedly received various household items, including golf clubs, suitcases, two backpacks, laptop and jewellery items.
Police inquiries are continuing.
The burglary victim said they were now scared to stay at their home alone, given that neighbours were allegedly involved in the break-in.
''I own this house. This is my home, but now I want to leave because of what these neighbours are like and what new tenants might be like.''
They and their son thought the house might have been first burgled on Friday and the thieves went back later for more. It appeared they were going to take their car as well, they said.
• Jenny Patrina Pomere, 38, appeared in Whangārei District Court yesterday charged with receiving stolen goods. They did not plead and was remanded on bail to reappear in the court on June 18.
United Kingdom – 06 May 2017 – This is the article you want to read if you are interested in purchasing best baby walker for the best price. The reviews of all items are done by professionals and you will get a lot of useful information in order to make the right choice.
Becoming a parent is one of the most beautiful things in someone's lifetime however, a lot of troubles come along with appearance of new family member. You will have thousands of things to take care of even before the baby is born. Naturally, as any parent, you will want to provide your newborn child only with the best. Therefore, you will need to spend long hours researching about each and every product that you intend to buy.
The good news is that internet has made any search so much easier and faster for computer users, that nowadays all you have to do is type in the browser product's name that you are interested in. Nevertheless, even with the accessibility of millions of products online, it is still hard to find that particular one in such variety. For that specific reason, you can read articles that have different products on one page and that is called a review. For those of you who are soon to be parents or already have a toddler, this particular review will be extremely helpful. Here you can find all necessary information about baby walkers. You will get the description of each item and its characteristics along with other people reviews. Such information as price and delivery will also be displayed and even highlighted for a better visibility. It is understandable that when you have small kids, you do not have a lot of time at all, not even to mention hours to spend on internet. Therefore, all information is presented in very accessible way for anyone. You can scroll through it and see prices from the first sight and if you find it affordable for you, then you can actually read through it.
As you can see, everything is written and done for your convenience, so that you do not have to spend a bunch of time wasting on irrelevant webpages. On this particular webpage you will find independent review about baby walkers to help you make informed decision. If a product is great, you will know it and if it is not worth of its value or has certain downsides, you will be informed about each one of them.
About Baby Walkers Review:
Baby Walker review will reveal all important factors that one should consider before purchasing this vital item for your kid. The review is clear and concise and will help you save your time and money.
Contacts:
Company: Baby Walkers Review
Website: http://baby-walkers.co.uk
FILE - In this March 4, 2015 file photo, Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner speaks at an event in Springfield, Ill. Heated debates over income taxes and abortion funding in the state Capitol Tuesday, May 29, 2018, belied what legislative leaders said was a collegial negotiation over the full budget which made lawmakers optimistic they could complete their work by Thursday's deadline. Seth Perlman, File AP Photo
Don Chivens of SLO, who helped design the Magellan telescope, signed up for the 2005 burned church rebuilding mission but died unexpectedly. Courtesy photo
An Air Force Thunderbird F-16 speeds by during their performance at the Selfridge 2009 Air show on August 23. (USAF by John S. Swanson)
NEW YORK (AP) — One reason for the steeliness in Norah O'Donnell's demeanor the morning after the sexual misconduct accusations against former “CBS This Morning” co-anchor Charlie Rose were revealed became apparent on Monday.
They and their colleague, producer Jennifer Janisch, were in the midst of a six-month investigation into sexual assault cases at the U.S. Air Force Academy. Their first report, saying that more than a dozen current and former Air Force cadets believe their cases had been mishandled and that they faced retaliation, aired Monday on “CBS This Morning.”
Two current and two former cadets talked to O'Donnell on the broadcast about their experiences.
When “CBS This Morning” reported on Rose the morning of Nov. 21, O'Donnell spoke sternly about what had been learned about their colleague. There's no excuse, they said. “This has to end. This behavior is wrong. Period,” they said. Rose was fired hours later.
“When I said women cannot achieve full equality in the workforce until there is a reckoning and a taking of responsibility, that line and the sternness with which I delivered it, was impacted because of what I witnessed at the Air Force academy,” O'Donnell said.
While the Department of Defense has encouraged victims of abuse in the military to report their stories, O'Donnell said that attitude hasn't fully filtered down, and that some women have been ostracized or retaliated against for talking about it.
“That, to me, is egregious and unacceptable and it is ruining what could be fine military careers,” said O'Donnell, whose father served in the military for 30 years and whose sister is in the Army. One of the former cadets who spoke to CBS left the academy while their alleged harasser graduated.
Similar stories inspired Janisch, who said they wanted to look into the impact of sexual misconduct on women away from high-profile careers like the media and entertainment.
The current cadets had their identities obscured during the CBS interview because they were not permitted to speak to the press.
“It was incredibly brave of them to not only share their stories on the phone, but to leave the campus and risk their military careers to sit down with us to shine a light on what they believe is a systemic problem at the U.S. Air Force Academy,” O'Donnell said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dive Brief:
As school choice expands, so does the likelihood that gentrification will increase in communities of color, according to a 2017 study on the impact of choice, Chalkbeat reports.
The findings highlight the debate over how choice is affecting housing issues, since the quality of a neighborhood school has less impact on real estate values than in the past. School choice advocates say this is a positive result while critics are concerned about the impact this shift has on support for neighborhood schools.
While gentrification does tend to integrate neighborhoods more fully, it does not always have the same effect on schools in the area and comes with other hidden costs for neighborhoods, including the loss of political power and the potential for residential displacement and loss of business or customs.
Dive Insight:
One of the reasons education is so important is that it affects so many other aspects of society including economic growth and the housing sector. For years, real estate profiles were built around schools whose success or failure dramatically affect the desirability — and therefore the price — of homes. The era of school choice, for good or ill, has begun to decouple the relationship between housing and schools to some extent. However, school choice does seem to be impacting gentrification efforts more fully as affluent families no longer feel so limited by public school options in the area.
The debate over gentrification is another issue on its own. Some people consider gentrification a threat to established communities because it may force some current occupants out of an area through higher tax and rent rates. Gentrification can also dilute the political power of a community and undermine its business community and culture. One of the most positive impacts of gentrification can be the additional resources it can bring to a community and its schools, an impact that could begin to even the playing field for some schools that are underfunded. But if affluent residents are not sending kids to neighborhood schools, that impact is negligible.
There are also disparities in funding for some schools that can affect academic outcomes and impact the economic health of a community. Even years after school segregation has been outlawed, economic factors are creating even more segregation in schools, leading to lawsuits in some cases. Education and economics are inextricably linked, making solutions to the problem of funding parity even more complex. In the case of gentrification, Bartley R. Danielsen, associate professor of business management at North Carolina State University, argues that school choice may be a solution, rather than a problem.
“We should not withhold school choice, or any other anti-poverty programs, from poor neighborhoods due to fear of too much success (gentrification),” Danielsen said. “We don't withhold food during famines because we worry that overeating leads to diabetes.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Stroke Summit 2018 Organizing Committee, invites all the participants from all over the world to attend “World Summit on Stroke and Neurological Disorders, Aug 31- Sep 01, 2018 Boston, USA. This gathering is predominantly will focus the most recent and energizing developments in each range of Stroke research, and it will offer an exceptional opportunity for specialists from all over the world to meet, network, and distinguish with different scientific interactions.
Stroke Summit 2018 will provide an opportunity to world researchers working in era of neurological disorders to deliver talk on their research. It will be a great opportunity to the speakers, experts, researchers from both academics and industrialist to discuss their research and views.
It is our greatest pleasure to welcome you to the “World Summit on Stroke and Neurological Disorders, Aug 31- Sep 01, 2018 Boston, USA. The conference includes demonstration, symposium, workshops with different tracks in the field of neurological disorder. Stroke Summit 2018 is the leading gathering of neurologists, psychiatry, psychology researchers, and neurosurgeons with the theme of Research Strategies, propelled advancements and developments in Stroke. Its main aim to deliver and exchange ideas with the leading scientists and to create awareness among people about Stroke and Neurological Disorders.
Target audience: Neurologists, Psychiatrists, Psychologists, Neurosurgeon, Head of the department, Director, Industries, Delegates, Clinical, Community members, Professors, Researchers, Students, Scientists, Nurses.
· Neurologists and Directors
· Physicians
· Neuroscientists
· Specialists
· Researchers
· Professors
· Industrial Experts
· Neurosurgeons
· Psychiatrist
· Nutritional Scientists
· Lecturers and Students from Academia in the study of Parkinson disease
· Students from Academia in the research of Neurology and Neuroscience
· Therapists
Conference Highlights:
• Neurological Disorders
• Stroke Management
• Stroke & Its Prevention
• Infection and Diagnosis of Stroke
• Epidemiology & Risk Factors for Stroke
• Stoke and Cerebral Hemorrhage
• Neuroplasticity
• Neuro Oncology
• Neurodegeneration
• Spine and Spine Disorders
• Mental Health and Neuropsychiatry
• Therapeutic approaches for Neurological Disorders
Another teenager has died in one of China's military-style internet addiction treatment centers. The 18-year-old boy allegedly suffered multiple injuries and died just days after they arrived at one of the controversial “bootcamps.”
The latest incident took place in the eastern Anhui province. The teenager's parents said they were unable to help their son's serious internet addiction and decided to send them to one of the increasingly popular centers in Fuyang city. The Anhui Shangbao newspaper reported that the facility used "psychological counseling and physical training” to treat those staying there.
Two days after dropping them off on August 3, the parents received a phone call informing them that their son had been taken to hospital, where they later died. Doctors told them they had sustained more than 20 external injuries and several internal injuries.
"My son's body was completely covered with scars, from top to toe [...] When I sent my son to the center they were still fine, how could they have died within 48 hours?" said Ms Liu, the victim's mother.
The center has been closed down while investigations continue. Its director and four teaching staff are now in custody.
Back in 2014, a 19-year-old girl died at one of the boot camps in Henan province. They were forced to undergo “training” that involved instructors lifting them a short distance above the ground before dropped them on their head. Another 14-year-old girl, who suffered neck and head injuries after undergoing the same training, said the victim endured the practice for two hours, at which point they started vomiting blood and fell unconscious.
In 2009, a 15-year-old boy died two days after their arrival at one of the centers after trainers severely beat him. The incident came shortly after the country's health ministry banned the use of electro-shock therapy as a means of treating internet addiction.
In other instances, the president has been quick to condemn terrorist attacks. But for some reason, he's not taking the same approach with a (white) shooter.
President Donald Trump is usually quick to react on social media whenever a terrorist attack occurs. Yet he's been unusually silent when it comes to attacks involving white perpetrators, including a shooting this week at a Waffle House near Nashville, Tennessee, and a van killing ten individuals in Toronto, Ontario.
Trump has, in fact, tweeted more than a dozen times since the Waffle House shooting occurred on Sunday morning. In none of those tweets has they mentioned the shooter or the event itself, nor the hero of the event, James Shaw Jr.
A quick search on WhiteHouse.gov also yields limited results of Trump making an official statement on the shooting. Just one result at all comes up: a statement made by the president through their Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
“The President offers their condolences to the victims and their families,” Sanders said. “He is monitoring the ongoing situation and the White House is in regular contact with state and local officials.”
That is a reasoned statement that any other president would have made, but it's not the typical response from Trump, who, under other circumstances, would have tweeted several times by now about a terrorist attack.
Trump has also been unusually silent about a van that drove into a crowd of people on a street in Toronto earlier this week. When a similar attack occurred in New York City last year, claiming the lives of eight individuals, Trump was on Twitter within hours decrying the suspect, which they assumed was an agent of ISIS.
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2017
Trump did offer their "deepest sympathies" to the victims in Toronto during a statement to the press alongside French President Emmanuel Macron, but didn't touch upon the suspect himself.
Why is Trump so eager and fixated on pointing out other terrorist attacks but not the ones from earlier this week? The murders this week perpetrated by Travis Reinking and Alek Minassian can certainly be described as much, given what we know at the moment about each suspect.
It appears that Reinking has alt-right viewpoints, including subscribing to the “sovereign citizen” movement and apparently targeting only people of color in their shooting earlier this week. Minassian also subscribed to the "incel" movement, which has its roots in an alt-right philosophy.
Trump is unusually reserved on both attacks, but in other instances where the assailant happened to be Muslim, they were more than willing to make broad accusations without first knowing all of the facts.
Why the difference? The obvious answer here is that Trump only cares to comment on terrorism when it fits their own narrative. Tweeting incessantly about Muslim terrorists (whether spouting off correct information or not) helps them in reinforcing their anti-Muslim, anti-immigration stances. But denouncing a right-wing terrorist would only serve to hurt them with what appears to be their base of support — and thus, he's more hesitant to do so.
We've seen this demonstrated in the past. Trump opted to condemn “both sides” when violence erupted during a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, last summer, even as the sole death from that event came when an alt-right supporter drove their car into a crowd of individuals who came to protest peacefully against the far-right rally.
We should not act surprised when Trump behaves inconsistently regarding far-right-wing violence. But we should act indignant and appalled when they do so, pointing out the hypocrisy and the purposeful blindness to a growing problem in the United States that the president doesn't seem to want to deal with.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Albion should seriously consider keeping Alan Pardew on as manager in the Championship next season.
That's the message from Sky Sports pundit Tony Cottee who believes the current boss would make a fist out of a promotion charge in the second tier.
Cottee believes rock-bottom Albion are now doomed and claims there's no way back for the beleaguered Baggies.
But despite seeing Pardew win just one game since taking over in November, the pundit is backing them to get it right.
“I think Pardew would be a good choice as they look to build again,” Cottee told Sky Sports.
“Most people would say their days are numbered in the Premier League. They haven't had the results and they don't look like getting the results.
“They should be starting to think about the Championship now.
“The owners have stuck by Pardew, they could have quite easily said, it hasn't worked, get rid of him, especially after everything that went on in Barcelona.
“But they have stuck by him.
“If they were to go down, there's surely an argument to say that Alan Pardew has worked in the Championship.
“You'd have to get rid of the unhappy players who want to stay in the Premier League. You move them on and then bring your players in and then rebuild.”
Asked whether they think Pardew will stay, Cottee said:
“I think West Brom will be playing in the Championship and I think Alan Pardew might well be their manager next season.
“It just depends on how the talks go with the owners.
“It's alright getting rid of him, but if you've already got a manager who can manage in the Championship like Alan Pardew, it doesn't make any sense (getting rid of him).”
Pardew has managed in the Championship before with Reading and West Ham.
Transfer rumours
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a move for Numancia forward Guillermo Fernandez Hierro this summer, ahead of what is increasingly looking like a Championship campaign.
Guillermo, 25 in May, arrived at the club last summer and to date has scored seven goals in 30 appearances for the Spanish Segunda side - including two at the Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
Guillermo has previously played for Athletic Bilbao, Leganes and Elche, and the Sun say that Albion are keeping tabs on them ahead of an inevitable squad rebuild in the close season.
The Spanish attacker is thought to be valued in the region of £2m.
West Brom man wanted by Aston Villa as Albion take another stumble
Albion, rock bottom of the Premier League after a run of seven straight league defeats and one victory in 29, are the division's lowest scorers with a meagre 24 goals.
Strikers Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon have nine and eight goals this season respectively, in all competitions.
The Baggies have managed to net more than once in a league match on just two occasions since Alan Pardew replaced Tony Pulis as manager in November - they came in the 2-0 victory over Brighton and the 3-2 reverse at home to fellow strugglers Southampton last month.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Albion are bracing themselves for interest in defender Craig Dawson this summer and local rivals Aston Villa are keeping tabs on him, according to the Sunday People.
Dawson, 27, is among a clutch of Hawthorns stalwarts who could leave the club during the summer once relegation to the Championship is confirmed.
Premier League side Burnley have been consistently linked with the former Rochdale man who is now reportedly attracting interest from Villa and Middlesbrough.
Middlesbrough are of course managed by former Baggies boss Tony Pulis and the Welshman remains a keen admirer of Dawson. Like Villa, Boro are in the midst of a battle to reach the Premier League and are keen to bolster their ranks whatever division they're in next season.
Dawson is under contract at Albion until 2020 but may welcome a fresh start once the Baggies' fate is decided.
A Dundee band have said it was “incredible” to have been allowed to film a music video inside the Maryfield Tram Depot.
Rock outfit Francis Duffy and The Kingpins were given permission by Dundee Museum of Transport to film inside the historic depot for their new single “Suicide Nation”.
In the video, the depot appears abandoned when the song starts, before the band appear and perform the track in full.
They then disappear again, leaving the depot eerily empty.
Lead singer Michael Buchanan, 25, said it was an “incredible experience”.
Michael, from Ballumbie, said: “The depot is a really nice building and is exactly what we were looking for to fit the video.
“The video is all about old buildings still having hidden character — it seems to have worked really well.
“We're seeing the first edit of the video soon — we're excited about that.”
The scenes were filmed in a single day with local production company Fingerclick Productions, made up of filmmakers Joel Hewett, Bob Taylor and Lewis Bage.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Joel, 28, told the Tele the band were keen to find an older building with a local connection for the shoot.
“We tried for ages to find somewhere,” they said. “It was impossible to trace the owners a lot of the time as the buildings we were looking at were abandoned.
“But someone mentioned to me that the museum owned the depot, and they were happy to help.
“The depot was a great fit — it's a Dundee location, a Dundee band and a Dundee production company. We wanted to make a local production that showed off a location in the city.”
Museum of transport manager Samantha Bannerman said they were excited about seeing the video.
They added: “It was great to help Fingerclick and the band out with their video — it'll be interesting to see it when it's finished.”
The video is due to be released in the next couple of weeks.
Video game graphics have advanced quite a bit over the past decade or so but developers have never been able to reach true photorealism. Games like Crysis and The Order: 1886 come close but they're far from perfect.
That could change soon if Microsoft has their way. At GDC 2018, the software giant announced a brand-new feature for their DirectX 12 graphics API dubbed "DirectX Raytracing" (DXR).
For the unaware, ray tracing is a type of rendering technology most commonly used in movies to create life-like lighting effects. As PCWorld notes, Microsoft's DXR technology aims to translate real-world lighting into video game form, allowing light to reflect off objects, create realistic soft shadows and more.
To bring this technology to gamers, Nvidia has announced their upcoming Volta-series GPUs will include "RTX technology" with "enhanced" DXR support. AMD is reportedly collaborating with Microsoft to achieve something similar.
Of course, the key difference between a video game and a film is that video game rendering occurs in real-time whereas movies are pre-rendered. Due to the extreme computational power ordinarily needed to render a scene containing ray tracing, it hasn't been feasible for developers to implement the technology into their games until now.
With that said, don't expect a complete overhaul of today's "rasterization" rendering technology to occur anytime soon. Ray tracing might finally be possible to implement into modern video games but it will likely be a while before game developers iron out the kinks.
Indeed, Nvidia's senior VP of content and technology, Tony Tamasi, feels similarly. They offered the following statement during a press briefing:
I would expect most games that adopt [Nvidia] RTX and Microsoft's DXR are going to have a hybrid implementation They'll still do a great amount of work with rasterization and what you might call traditional game rendering, but they'll start layering in some ray trace effects for shadows, reflections, and ambient occlusions.
Now that we're truly entrenched in the college football offseason -- clear of the 2017 season but not within reach of 2018 spring football -- it's hard to help feed your appetite for the upcoming college football season. Sure, you can put together a way-too-early ranking list for the 2018 season (and we did: check it out here). You can examine Las Vegas odds and what they may mean for the 2018 season (once again, we did that. Check it out here). And you can take an early look at whom the contenders may be in the 2018 Big 12 Title race (you know the drill: here's the link). But ultimately, it's never enough. The college football offseason is an itch, and once you scratch it, all you want to do is scratch it some more.
Our contribution to that scratch today: A look ahead to the best games the Big 12 nonconference slate has to offer. The three-week window provides a surprising amount of intriguing matchups. Here are 15 of our favorites, listed in chronological order:
Sept. 1: Texas Tech vs. Ole Miss
(NRG Stadium in Houston)
Texas Tech had a positive experience in Houston last season when it upset the previously unbeaten Houston Cougars, 27-24. This year, the Red Raiders will kick off their season in a neutral-site matchup against Ole Miss. The Rebels will be breaking in a new starting QB after losing Shea Patterson to transfer this offseason. They also have a "new" head coach. But there shouldn't be many growing pains there, since its "new" coach is Matt Luke, who held the position in an interim capacity last year after Hugh Freeze resigned.
Sept. 1: Florida Atlantic at Oklahoma
Oklahma and Florida Atlantic were two of the country's most successful programs led by new coaches in 2017. Florida Atlantic collected 11 wins and won the Conference USA title in Lane Kiffin's first season as head coach. Oklahoma won the Big 12 and was a play away from winning the Rose Bowl and qualifying for the CFP title game in Year 1 under Lincoln Riley. The Owls will head to Norman on a 10-game winning streak to kick off the 2018 season. With RB Devin Singletary (1,920 yards rushing, 32 rushing TDs) returning, Florida Atlantic should provide a much bigger opening-week test than most non-Power 5 opponents would.
Sept. 1: West Virginia vs. Tennessee
(Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte)
West Virginia kicked off its 2017 season with a neutral site battle against Virginia Tech -- a 31-24 loss in Landover, Maryland. The Mountaineers will go right back to that well to start the 2018 season by taking on Tennessee on a neutral field, this time in Charlotte, North Carolina. West Virginia will be the much more stable program entering this matchup, returning offensive weapons Will Grier and David Sills. Both players opted to come back for another season rather than enter the NFL draft, where both would have been desirable prospects. Tennessee, on the other hand, will be breaking in a new head coach after one of the more disjointed offseason coaching searches in recent memory. The Volunteers are no strangers to opening-week neutral site games, either. They kicked off their 2017 season with a thrilling 42-41 OT win against Georgia Tech in Atlanta.
Sept. 1: Texas at Maryland
The Terrapins ruined Tom Herman's Texas debut to open the 2017 season. Now Herman and the Longhorns get a chance for revenge to kick off 2018. Despite having a 7-6 season in 2017, Texas won four of its last five games away from home. This matchup against Maryland is on the road, too. After starting off 2017 with a huge win over the Longhorns, nothing went right for Maryland. Outside of a three-point win over Indiana in late October, the Terrapins lost every other game after September en route to a 4-8 finish. Multiple season-ending injuries to quarterbacks didn't help. Maryland will have its quarterbacks back this season, but it will be breaking in a new offensive coordinator after Walt Bell was poached by Florida State.
Sept. 8: UCLA at Oklahoma
UCLA played in one of the 2017 season's most memorable nonconference games -- a contest Texas A&M fans are all-too-familiar with. Can the Bruins strike again and take out another area foe? This Week 2 matchup will be Chip Kelly's first road test as the new UCLA head coach. But even though, at least on paper, it is Oklahoma's easiest nonconference matchup, it's not a game to overlook. Chip Kelly's only nonconference loss to a Power-5 foe as Oregon's head coach was a loss to LSU at AT&T Stadium in Arlington in a matchup between two top-5 schools.
Sept. 8: Mississippi State at Kansas State
Both Kansas State and Mississippi State enter the 2018 season coming off a bowl win -- Kansas State comfortably defeated UCLA in the Cactus Bowl, while Mississippi State bested Louisville in a back-and-forth TaxSlayer bowl. And both should be entering this Week 2 matchup with 1-0 records, since both have opening-week battles against FCS foes. Kansas State hasn't lost a home nonconference game since a 20-14 loss to then-No. 5 Auburn in 2014. But the Wildcats will have to face a Mississippi State offense that should have QB Nick Fitzgerald back from a late-season injury in 2017.
Sept. 8: Iowa State at Iowa
This is a game Cyclone fans have likely had circled on their calendars since Week 2 of the 2017 season, when Iowa won 44-41 in OT. In that game, Iowa State had a double-digit lead in the fourth quarter before Iowa ultimately tied it on a 46-yard touchdown pass to RB Akrum Wadley with 69 seconds left in regulation. The Hawkeyes have now won three straight head-to-head matchups with their in-state rival, and will get the chance to make it four straight at home. Iowa State won't enter the 2018 edition of this game as the pesky upstart, though, and will return RB David Montgomery, someone who could garner legitimate Doak Walker -- if not Heisman Trophy -- hype if they continue to play the way they did in 2017.
Sept. 8: TCU at SMU
This Week 2 matchup will be Sonny Dykes' first taste of the SMU-TCU rivalry. It will come a season after SMU put a legitimate scare into TCU -- at least for the first 29 minutes of their matchup in Ft. Worth. In that matchup, SMU had a double-digit lead in the second quarter before TCU scored two touchdowns in the final three minutes of the half, including a Hail Mary with no time remaining. TCU has now won six straight matchups in the rivalry, and five straight at SMU's Gerald J. Ford Stadium. Can Dykes turn the tide in Year 1?
Sept. 15: West Virginia at NC State
West Virginia's second nonconference test against a Power 5 school is another game in North Carolina. Two weeks after a matchup against Tennessee in Charlotte, the Mountaineers will return to the Tar Heel State to take on NC State -- a program coming off a 9-4 season and a bowl win over Arizona State. Dave Doeren returns to the Wolfpack after a brief flirtation with other jobs. And, like West Virginia, NC State also received an offseason boost when its draft-eligible QB decided to return for one more year of school. The Wolfpack's Ryan Finley comes back on the heels of back-to-back 3,000 yard passing seasons and returns their favorite target: 1,000-yard receiver Kelvin Harmon.
Sept. 15: Boise State at Oklahoma State
More than a decade after one of the most memorable bowl games in college football history, Boise State will aim to take down another Oklahoma foe. The Broncos made a name for themselves with a 43-42 OT win in the 2007 Fiesta Bowl win over Oklahoma. Since that win, they've shown they're anything but a flash in the plan, posting win totals of 10, 12, 14, 12, 12, 11, 8, 12, 9, 10 and 11 wins in the 11 subsequent seasons. As a result, an Oklahoma State loss to Boise State wouldn't carry the same stigma it did for its rival a decade ago, but the Cowboys are looking to avoid a September loss for the first time since the 2015 season.
Sept. 15: USC at Texas
Their Week 3 matchup in 2017 may not have matched the quality (or the stakes) of their previous battle in the Rose Bowl 12 years earlier, but the Longhorns and Trojans' 27-24 (2 OT) battle was one of last season's most memorable games. Now USC will head to Austin for another battle in a different venue. The two programs are likely to be in different places than they were a year ago. USC, which was No. 4 in the country at the time of last year's game, will be breaking in a new QB and a new RB with early NFL draft departures from Sam Darnold and Ronald Jones. Texas, which limped into the game still trying to recover from a surprising Week 1 loss to Maryland, returns QBs and will be in Year 2 of the Tom Herman era.
Sept. 15: Duke at Baylor
Baylor hasn't won a nonconference game against a Power 5 foe since 2009, when it beat Wake Forest by 3 in a season-opening matchup. Some of that is due to on-field performance, but much of it is due to the fact that it rarely scheduled difficult opponents before reaching the Big 12 slate. This Week 3 matchup is the Bears' best chance to break that nearly decade-long streak. The two teams met during Week 3 of last season with Duke winning at home by a 34-20 margin. In that matchup, Duke forced four separate turnovers, including one interception returned for a touchdown. This could be Baylor's last chance to get a nonconference Power 5 win until 2020 when the Bears open the season against Ole Miss in Houston.
Sept. 15: TCU vs. Ohio State
(AT&T Stadium in Arlington)
This Week 3 matchup may only be 15-20 miles away from home for TCU, but it will be at a venue that's just as familiar to the school that's traveling 1,000 miles for the game. Ohio State will be playing at AT&T Stadium for the second time in 10 months and the third time since 2015 when it takes on the Horned Frogs in a battle of two teams that finished in the top 10 of the 2017's final AP poll. In its two most recent appearances at AT&T Stadium, Ohio State beat Oregon in 2015 to win the inaugural CFP Championship Game and then bested USC last December in the Cotton Bowl. Both schools will be breaking in new QBs after losing native Texans to graduation -- Ohio State said goodbye to Wichita Falls native JT Barrett, while TCU lost Southlake's Kenny Hill.
Sept. 15: Houston at Texas Tech
A year after playing the Cougars in Houston (and just two weeks after taking on Ole Miss in the Cougars' backyard), Texas Tech will once again get an opportunity to put on a show for a talent-rich Houston market -- this time on television -- when it takes on Houston in Lubbock. The Cougars hold the all-time edge in this series by an 18-12-1 mark, but the Red Raiders have won two straight and seven of the last eight dating back to 1991.
Sept. 15: Rutgers at Kansas
Someone's gotta win.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
Advertisement
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a "calculated tool of terror" to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale "Dunkirk" are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
MADRID (AP) — Palma on the island of Mallorca plans to become the first Spanish city to prohibit the rental of apartments to tourists.
Palma mayor Antoni Noguera says Tuesday that their government will vote for the ban in a city council because "there is nothing worse than having residents who can't live in their city nor afford a rent."
Rents in Mallorca and in most Spanish cities have increased in recent years. Many residents and local lawmakers blame the price rise on internet sites and apps that allow travelers to rent apartments short-term directly from homeowners.
Noguera says that houses will be excluded from the ban, unless they are in protected areas, near airports or in industrial areas.
There was, simply, so much touching.
The two men French kissed (chastely). They shook hands and held hands and clasped hands. And they embraced and backslapped and shoulder-rubbed.
They were US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron and today they became even more entangled in their grand histoire d'amour.
Macron's visit to the White House followed a private dinner between the two leaders and their wives at Mount Vernon and included a 21-gun salute, a joint news conference in the ornate East Room and a state dinner - the first one Trump has hosted as president.
Advertisement
But perhaps more importantly, the whirlwind, touchy-feely visit offered yet another glimpse into the Trump-Macron relationship, an unlikely friendship told through a series of phalangeal snapshots and freeze frames.
The copious public displays of affection also raised the question of whether Trump and Macron had finally embarked on a true transcontinental bromance or if the two men were merely partaking in an alpha game of one-upmanship.
The answer, said David Givens, director of the Centre for Nonverbal Study, is a little of both.
"It's more of a playful dominance," Givens said. "The romance is there and they're just kind of fooling around, but it's real."
Their relationship began last May with a white-knuckled, jaw-clenching, six-Mississippi handshake in Brussels. In an interview with the Journal du Dimanche at the time, Macron described the physical standoff as "a moment of truth" and "not innocent."
"We need to show that we won't make small concessions, even symbolic ones, while not overhyping things either," Macron said.
Of course, Macron is a savvy politician who, as that initial handshake demonstrated, is also a careful student of Trump. Macron stands to gain on issues from Iran to Syria if they can manipulate Trump, and their affection, to become the leading European power player at a time when Trump seems intent on upending the post-World War II global order.
Whatever the motivations, almost exactly a year later, NBC News dubbed the duo's personal chemistry "the art of the feel," and indeed today, all the feels were on full display.
The physicality began almost immediately, as soon as Macron's limousine pulled up to the White House South Lawn and the men exchanged double-cheek kisses.
The leaders then reviewed the troops together, walking in near lockstep to appreciatively gaze upon the US military, before retreating to the Truman Balcony, where they and their wives all clasped hands and held them triumphantly aloft.
US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump greet French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron.
Afterward, neither man seemed quite ready to head inside. Both waved at the crowd below, with one hand and then two. Macron flashed a thumbs up and patted their heart. Trump saluted and pointed. Finally, they almost simultaneously draped their arms upon the other's back, as if to ensure that they would exit stage centre in unison, with neither soaking up a second more spotlight than the other.
Like nearly all formulaic bromances, the women - in this case, Trump's wife, Melania, and Macron's wife, Brigitte - were relegated to near-silent supporting roles, to be gazed upon but not really heard.
US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron kiss during a joint news conference.
Nonetheless, Melania Trump made the most of their nonspeaking cameos, cutting a resplendent silhouette against the overcast sky. They donned a sleek, solidly white Michael Kors suit and a striking white hat, and seemed to channel Olivia Pope, the hero of ABC's political drama Scandal.
Outside in the Rose Garden, back in the Oval Office, and later during their joint news conference, Trump and Macron continued to find ways to touch.
The presidents shake hands during a news conference.
At one point, along the East Colonnade, Trump reached behind them for Macron and the two joined outstretched hands - a scene that in still photographs seems to capture the graceful agility of two ballerinas rather than two besuited geopolitical allies engaged in a physical and emotional tug-of-war.
In the news conference, Macron sometimes touched Trump's arm as they spoke. And when the French President finished their prepared remarks, the leaders shook hands, then clasped hands, and then patted hands, before pulling one another close for another partial hug. Then it was time for yet another cheek kiss, as well as a "This guy!" finger-gun point at Macron from Trump's left hand. "I like them a lot," Trump enthused.
The presidents and first lady Melania Trump at the White House.
At around 3.30 pm, the President's banner picture on their Twitter account changed to a panamora scene from the morning where their arms seemed to brush ever so slightly.
There were also moments of clear power dynamics, as when Trump, in the Oval Office, turned to Macron and said that, in a sign of their "very special relationship," they were even willing to brush something from their suit.
"In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off," Trump said, using a finger to briskly swipe at Macron's suit. "We have to make them perfect.  They are perfect."
The interactions throughout the visit, said Patti Wood, a body language expert and author of SNAP: Making the Most of First Impressions, Body Language, and Charisma, largely fall under a category known as "gamesmanship."
Watch: President Trump and first lady Melania Trump greet French President Emmanuel Macron and Brigitte Macron as they arrive at White House for State Dinner pic.twitter.com/Ch9fMrYBsi — NBC News (@NBCNews) April 24, 2018
From handshakes and kisses to high-five and hand-holding, Pres. Trump and French Pres. Macron's "bromance" was on full display during today's state visit. https://t.co/Q9hSQHPTEU pic.twitter.com/yRJk9Pelgi — ABC News (@ABC) April 24, 2018
Emmanuel Macron owned Donald Trump in their ongoing handshake war https://t.co/TSnu5EU8fC pic.twitter.com/x2BieNPS3b — Mashable (@mashable) April 24, 2018
In calling out Macron's alleged dandruff, they said, Trump "did something called primate grooming."
"It said, 'We have an intimate relationship, but I'm dominant, I'm the alpha gorilla, I'm going to groom you,'" Wood said. "'But I'm going to criticise you by saying you have dandruff and I'm going to do that on the world stage and see how you handle that."
The day-long lovefest was striking for another reason, as well. For biases both political and cultural, Republicans for years have levelled the word "French" as something of an effete put-down - an insult hurled at John Kerry during their failed presidential bid and a brief, post-9/11 name change of "French Fries" to "Freedom Fries" in the House cafeteria.
As today's news conference wrapped up, the two men, as if propelled almost by sheer muscle memory, offered up yet another robust handshake.
Then, as they turned to leave, Macron slapped Trump's back, then eased their hand over to the US President's right shoulder for a final long squeeze as the pair headed back into the West Wing.
