(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
(AP Photo/Ben Curtis). Madison Keys of the US arrives for the women's singles match against Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand on the third day at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A £200,000 flood alleviation scheme in Ahoghill has recently been completed.
The scheme which got underway in February was developed to reduce the risk of the flooding.
Ahoghill has been badly hit by flooding on several occasions, notably back in 2008, floodwater over-spilled the banks of an open section of watercourse and flowed overland into the village centre.
This caused internal flooding to 15 residential and 11 commercial properties.
The flood alleviation scheme involved the upgrading of the existing culvert system in the grounds of Brookside Presbyterian Church with the replacement of an existing culvert chamber, headwall and grille.
There were also further works undertaken at watercourses within Ahoghill where a new box culvert and pipeline were constructed.
The Department for Infrastructure said the construction of the scheme was successfully undertaken by Lowry Building and Civil Engineering.
Kyle Schwarber's bunt is perfectly executed down the line.
More FOX Sports Wisconsin Videos Brewers Final Pitch: Milwaukee gets another series win WATCH: Braun, Shaw, Thames homer in win over Reds Bucks Fastbreak: Milwaukee shines in playoff opener WATCH: Brewers' Thames launches two more homers in loss to Reds WATCH: Braun, Thames go yard in series-opening win WATCH: Brewers' Villar smacks 3rd homer of the year More FOX Sports Wisconsin Videos
Business News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-08-14
The Governor of the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Ernest Addison
The Bank of Ghana (BoG) has said it will investigate and sanction officials whose activities led to the collapse of UT Bank and Capital Bank.
“The last phase of the BoG's action would involve a thorough investigation of operations of UT Bank and Capital Bank and appropriate action will be taken against shareholders, Directors, and key a Management personnel who are found to be culpable,” the BoG Governor, Dr. Ernest Addison revealed during a press conference.
This followed the Central Bank on Monday morning announcing the collapse of both banks, following their inability to turn around their negative capital adequacy position.
This necessitated a Purchase and Assumption agreement allowing GCB Bank to take over all deposit liabilities and selected assets of both UT Bank and Capital Bank, per section 123 of the Banks and Specialised Deposit-Taking Institutions (SDIs) Act, 2016 (Act 930).
The governor noted that “UT Bank and Capital Bank were heavily deficient in capital and liquidity and their continuous operation could have jeopardized not only their depositors' funds, but also posed a threat to the stability of the financial system.”
“It, therefore, became necessary for the Bank of Ghana to revoke their licenses and approve a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction to allow GCB Bank, a large bank with the right balance sheet, to take over all deposits and selected assets of UT Bank and Capital Bank.”
Dr. Addison also reiterated to customers of the two banks that their investments were safe and that “no depositor will lose their or their funds and all depositors can continue to do normal banking business with GCB Bank.”
Find below the full address from the BoG governor
BOG STATEMENT ON UT BANK & CAPITAL BANK
Thank you very much for honouring this invitation at such short notice.
The Bank of Ghana has approved a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction involving UT Bank and Capital Bank and the GCB Bank. This action was taken to protect depositors' funds and strengthen Ghana's financial sector. This press conference will provide more clarity on the transaction.
The Banks and SDI Act, 2016 (Act 930) provides that undercapitalised banks be given 180 days to correct their capital position. Significantly undercapitalised banks are requested to reach a minimum capital adequacy of 5 percent in 90 days and 10 percent in 180 days.
In the case of insolvent banks and banks that are likely to become insolvent, the Bank of Ghana is mandated to revoke their licences.
The Purchase and Assumption transaction has distinct benefits as customers will suffer no loss, the acquiring bank can increase its market share, and productive financial assets are maintained.
The first point of emphasis is that, no depositor will lose their or their funds and all depositors can continue to do normal banking business with GCB Bank.
Under the Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction, GCB Bank will acquire all deposits and some selected assets of UT Bank and Capital Bank.
The premises of UT Bank and Capital Bank will now be rebranded as branches of GCB Bank. All customers can continue normal banking business at these branches. All debtors should continue making their loan repayments as legally scheduled.
Ladies and Gentlemen, banks play a crucial role in financial intermediation for growth and development of the country. However, there are risks associated with performing this role, which should be managed effectively to avoid jeopardising the stability of the financial sector.
Ladies and Gentlemen, UT Bank and Capital Bank were requested to submit restructuring and capital restoration plans. However, plans submitted were found to be unacceptable. A pro-forma balance sheet of liabilities to be taken and assets to be purchased were prepared and a pool of bidders was asked to express interest.
GCB Bank was then selected among three others on the basis of purchase price, cost of funding, branches to be retained, staff to be employed, and impacting the acquiring bank's capital adequacy ratio.
Ladies and Gentlemen, UT Bank and Capital Bank were heavily deficient in capital and liquidity and their continuous operation could have jeopardized not only their depositors' funds, but also posed a threat to the stability of the financial system.
It therefore became necessary for the Bank of Ghana to revoke their licenses and approve a Purchase and Assumption (P&A) transaction to allow GCB Bank, a large bank with the right balance sheet, to take over all deposits and selected assets of UT Bank and Capital Bank.
The acquisition of selected assets and deposit liabilities of UT Bank and Capital Bank by GCB Bank is part of the efforts by GCB Bank to further broaden its reach and grow its balance sheet to support a fast growing economy. And, this is in line with our broad objective to position the financial sector to support the government's transformational agenda.
The last phase of the BoG's action would involve a thorough investigation of operations of UT Bank and Capital Bank and appropriate action will be taken against shareholders, Directors, and key a Management personnel who are found to be culpable.
Ladies and Gentlemen, you will recall that after the AQR exercise, a number of banks were not compliant with the capital adequacy ratio. I am happy to report that most of these banks have put in place credible action plans to restore the capital deficiency, and the majority of these banks are already compliant as at today, and the overall banking system remains solid and well-capitalized.
To conclude, I want to take the opportunity once again assure customers that no one will lose their deposits and you can continue to do business with GCB Bank.
Thank you for your attention.
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015.
Two South African Communities Give Nigerians Quit Notice
Nigerians in South Africa have been issued with a quit notice to vacate two communities in the country over what has been described as punishment for the crimes. NAN reports that the Nigeria Union in South Africa on Wednesday, June 14 accused two communities of ordering Nigerians to quit the territories. President of the union,…
The post Two South African Communities Give Nigerians Quit Notice appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
To control the pollution level in the NCT Delhi region, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari has stated to reduce pollution level in next two months. Nitin Gadkari stated in a presser that government is working on the projects worth Rs. 40 thousand crores. They also stated vehicles can run on ethanol extracted from paddy husks that are burnt rampantly in Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has said that both pollution and traffic congestion in the National Capital Region (NCR) will be reduced by half in the next two months. “We are working on projects worth Rs 40,000 crore and this will help the people living in NCR,” Gadkari said at India TV Budget Conclave here. They said that vehicles can run on ethanol extracted from paddy husks that are burnt rampantly in Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. “One tonne of paddy husk can yield 280 litres of ethanol. We will be setting up ethanol industry here, which will give jobs to 40 to 50 lakh youths, and prevent air pollution too. This will also lower petrol products import,” they said.
Gadkari, who also heads Shipping and Water Resources Ministries, also claimed that they would clean up the Ganga by 80 percent by March 2019. On the Budget, they said that it is the first one which can be “rightfully described as an agricultural budget”. “I hail from a place (Vidarbha) where more than 10,000 farmers have committed suicide. When I became a minister, I felt that our voice was not being heard in Delhi. “But now I can say, for the first time since Independence, this is the first budget presented by Arun Jaitley under the leadership of Narendra Modiji, which can be rightfully described as an agricultural budget,” they said.
Taking a dig on Congress President Rahul Gandhi over their tweet that the Modi government had promised better income for farmers four years ago, Gadkari said that some people keep their reactions ready in writing even before the budget is presented. “Those unemployed and frustrated because of us, can you expect praises from them?” They said that for the first time Operation Greens will be launched to protect prices of onion, potato and tomatoes for which Rs 500 crore have been allocated and this will “help in controlling demand and supply”.
Description: Fast and flat route.
Medals to the first 3000 finishers. There will also be lucky draw prizes and cash prizes to category winners of the 21.1km & 10km.
Starting times: 22.6km, 11.2km & 6km: 7am.
Pre-entries, at Total Sports Grove Mall, from 9am – 3pm, or online, at www.enteronline.co.za, until 12 April 2017. You can also enter at the venue, on the day from 5:00am.
Walkers and wheelchair users are welcome.
Details Date Event Type Area 17 April 2017 Road Run, Walk Gauteng Distance Venue Cost 11-14km, 22-41km, 6-9km Lynnridge Mall - c/o Jacobson & Lynwood Roads 21.56km: R80; 10.76km: R60; 6km: R40; temporary license: R30 Contact Details Daan du Toit | 082 572 4169 | daandutoit@telkomsa.net, Paul Kirby | 082 200 4219
Events rating Rate this past event below Thank you for rating this event!
Events rating Rate this past event below 1 5 1 / 5
SARNIA — The battle for Southwestern Ontario erupted into a verbal slug match between the front-running Progressive Conservative and New Democrat leaders Wednesday as they sparred on hotly-contested turf that could be up for grabs with the election a week away.
The jousting came as Doug Ford's PCs, under fire for not releasing a fully costed platform earlier in the campaign, quietly posted their plans online — to which NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said not good enough.
People should know what Ford's plans are, what he's going to cut and what services might be at risk, Horwath said, saying it falls short to write a “list of things they might do and put it on the internet.”
Both Ford and Horwath descended, hours apart, on Sarnia-Lambton, one of at least two seats in the 10-riding London region some observers say could be picked off by the NDP at Tory expense as the deadlocked parties — a significant early Tory lead now evaporated — focus on the campaign home stretch.
Ford, who wound up their swing through the area at a night rally in London, keeping up the attack on Horwath, hit their party's bedrock — the London region accounted for one-quarter of the PC strength in the last legislature — warning Ontario can't afford another NDP government as they raised the spectre of its first and only NDP administration, under Bob Rae, during the early 1990s.
“People don't realize, God forbid, if the NDP ever got in, they don't realize what's coming down the road,” said Ford, citing Ontario's high welfare rolls and unemployment during the Rae years, which followed a brutal recession in the province.
“We can't afford that again,” said Ford, who starts their day Thursday with an announcement in London.
Tough as the early 1990s were in Ontario, life under a Horwath-led NDP government would be “worse,” Ford warned, repeating the mantra he's used as the NDP have advanced since the campaign began in mid-May.
Horwath, whose party held two of the London region's 10 seats in the last legislature and ran second in six other races in the last election, took their own swings at Ford. They said they trade on fear-mongering, but should be asked if they would move their own business out of Ontario if an NDP government is elected.
That was an apparent reference to the last televised leaders' debate Sunday, when Ford said Ontarians should go to their employers to ask what they would do if the NDP won power.
Horwath countered the NDP would put people at the centre of every decision, while Ford's promised spending cuts would hurt ordinary families.
They also went out on a limb, saying she's certain NDP candidate Kathy Alexander will win Sarnia-Lambton, home to Tory veteran Bob Bailey who defended the seat by only 2,000 votes in 2014, making it one of two seats — the other is Chatham-Kent-Leamington — some strategists suggest the NDP could steal from the Tories in Southwestern Ontario as the Liberal vote collapses.
The other regional riding where analysts give the NDP a decent shot at a take-away is London North Centre, the only open contest in the region with its lone Liberal — 15-year cabinet minister Deb Matthews — stepping aside but chairing the provincewide campaign for the Grits.
In London, before a partisan crowd of about 325, Ford again dragged out the ghost of the Rae government
“My friends, we had the highest taxes in North America,” said Ford, who also took a run at the NDP's small presence in the last legislature, as a third-place party, saying, “Andrea, you have a weak bench.”
In contrast, they said, the PCs “have a team that's ready to hit the road running.”
Ford also vowed the PCs would end “hallway health care,” an issue that's been in the spotlight in Southwestern Ontario's largest medical centre where some patients have waited days for care in hospital.
Ford asked the crowd to shout what the wait times are like in London. “I'm hearing anywhere from four to 12 hours. That's unacceptable,” they said.
Several area Tory MPPs from the last legislature were on hand, along with former leadership rival Christine Elliott and longtime former London Tory cabinet minister Dianne Cunningham.
If Ford is worried about close races on Tory turf in Southwestern Ontario, they aren't admitting it.
close race in Sarnia-Lambton, they aren't ready to admit it.
“No. I don't believe so at all,” they said, ask if he's concerned about Sarnia-Lambton.
Ford pointed to three-term MPP Bailey in the riding as a reason they think voters will back the PCs.
“(Bailey has) been elected numerous times over the years and there's a reason for that, because Bob cares for the people,” Ford said. “He cares for families, they care for businesses.”
Ford said the PCs would reduce gas prices by 10 cents per litre, lower personal income taxes and cancel Green Energy Act contracts.
Horwath said the NDP estimates Ford's income tax cut would save low-income families $18 a year, but they said she's hearing voters say keep the $18 and fix the health care system.
tkula@postmedia.com
nbowen@postmedia.com
— With files by Dan Brown, London Free Press, and Canadian Press
Saturday will be a red-letter day for Ballymena Rugby Club after it was confirmed their Raceview Road venue will host Ulster A's British & Irish Cup Round Four match against Hartpury College (K.O. 2.30pm).
The sides met only last last at the Gillman's Ground with Kieran Campbell and Willie Anderson's side securing a hard-fought bonus point victory in a memorable 24-29 win.
David Busby got the crucial score for the Ulster men in the very last play of the game, getting first to a kick through to touch down and snatch the win.
Saturday's game will form the central part of an action-packed day for local fans according to a club spokesperson.
“It is a perfect opportunity for families to come along and enjoy the match,” said a club spoesperson.
“They can soak up the festivities, enjoying our pre-match meal deal, with vouchers available at the bar on the day, or alternatively wrap up warm close to our winter BBQ while the kids play in our Adventure Zone.
“We even have a very special appearance from a very busy Santa Claus, with the chance to visit them in their Winter Grotto.”
Entry is £5 per person with under 18s getting in free.
Fans can visit Ballymena Rugby Club's Facebook or Twitter pages for more information.
Alternatively, you candrop the club's marketing team an email at marketing@ballymenarfc.com and they will be more than happy to assist you.
An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet of a U.S. Navy jet Sunday over the Persian Gulf, the 14th "unsafe" and/or "unprofessional" encounter between the U.S. and Iranian militaries in 2017, according to the Pentagon.
The unarmed Iranian QOM-1 drone made several passes near a U.S. Navy plane that was conducting flight operations off the deck of the carrier USS Nimitz. The drone did not respond to communications from the Navy, according to officials. It also didn't have its navigational lights on, which one military official called "very dangerous."
Related: Iran Has Drone Base Near U.S. Troops in Syria
On Aug. 8, an unarmed Iranian drone came even closer to a U.S. Navy plane as the American aircraft was about to land on the Nimitz, according to U.S. Naval Forces Central Command.
Airman Fausto Bautista stands a waist catapult watch aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz in the Arabian Gulf on July 26, 2017. Nimitz is deployed to the U.S. 5th Fleet area of operations in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Ian Kinkead / U.S. Navy
Despite numerous radio calls, the drone repeatedly changed altitude and came within 100 vertical feet of the F/A-18. The close call forced the aircraft to maneuver to avoid collision.
Related: U.S. Jet Takes Evasive Action After Close Call With Iranian Drone
The drone "created a collision hazard," U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said, adding that the actions were "not in keeping with maritime customs and laws."
Sunday's close call did not force the U.S. jet to take evasive action. Both incidents took place over international waters.
Related: Russian and U.S. Military Aircraft Have Near Weekly Close Calls
Aircraft from the Nimitz are conducting regular sorties for Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria.
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout Pause
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
BAGHDAD — World leaders congratulated Iraq Sunday following the prime minister's declaration of victory over the Islamic State group. Saudi Arabia says the achievement is a big victory against terrorism in the region and the United Kingdom applauded Iraq's security forces “for their courage and sacrifice.”
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory in the more than three year fight against IS in a national address aired on Iraqi state television Saturday evening.
Sunday was an official holiday in Iraq. A military parade attended by al-Abadi was held inside Baghdad's fortified Green Zone — a district that houses most of Iraq's government buildings and foreign embassies. In the evening, the capital's skies filled with fireworks.
“Daesh no longer hold significant territory in Iraq or Syria,” United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May said according to an official statement released by their office. “This signals a new chapter towards a more peaceful, prosperous country.”
In Saudi Arabia's statement Sunday, the kingdom reiterated Saudi support for Iraq.
Several thousand Saudis are believed to have joined the ranks of Sunni extremist groups to fight in Iraq and Syria. However, the kingdom has also been a target of multiple attacks claimed by IS and carried out by local affiliates.
The top U.S.-led coalition commander U.S. Lt. Gen. Paul E. Funk II pledged that coalition forces would continue to support Iraq after the conventional military fight against IS is concluded.
“Much work remains, and we will continue to work by, with and through our Iraqi partners to ensure the enduring defeat of Daesh and prevent its ability to threaten civilization, regionally and globally,” Funk said in a statement released by the coalition Sunday. Daesh is an Arabic acronym for IS.
Iraqi forces retook the last IS strongholds in Iraq's western deserts earlier Saturday and secured the country's border with Syria.
IS fighters overran nearly a third of Iraqi territory, including Mosul, the country's second largest city and Tikrit, the capital of Iraq's central Salahuddin province in the summer of 2014. The following year, IS fighters also overran Anbar's provincial capital of Ramadi.
Over the past 3 1/2 half years, Iraqi ground forces closely backed by the U.S.-led coalition and mostly Shiite paramilitary forces backed by Iran have slowly retaken all of that territory.
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The winner of the Special Education Department Poem Competition is Louisa Woo Ching. Carl's Junior sponsored the poetry competition for Special Education Month with a $20 Gift Certificate.
Louisa‘s original poem is based on the theme: “Don't dis my ability, look what I can do”
I am deaf, I cannot hear the world
I live a poor life, a depressed, abandoned girl
But I love to offer and share what little I hold
I am caring, loving, with a heart of gold
I am blind and everyone ignores me
I cannot see the world and sometimes people hurt me
But I can speak to a crowd, without trembling with fear
I am daring, bold, with a voice that's unspeakably clear
I have one arm and I am stared at everyday
I receive nasty remarks constantly on replay
But I am a musician and I make beautiful sounds
I am ridiculously brave and my courage holds no bounds
This ability I have I can do anything
People judge me, thinking that they know everything
I know how things work, even if I am not whole
Don't dis what I can do, just watch me reach my goal
Louisa Woo Ching
Nu'uuli Vocational Technical High School
Grade 12
Soldering Robots Market Types, Application, Insights, Overview, Manufacturers Challenges & Forecast 2023 – Technical Progress
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There will be plenty to do on Father's Day weekend, including bringing your son or daughter to the annual Take-A-Kid Fishing Day.
Take-A-Kid Fishing Day will take place 9 a.m. – 3 p.m., Saturday, June 17, at Wataha Park Pond (also referred to as the Rock Springs Pond), on the road into the Rock Springs Golf Course. Fishing will take place in the pond on the right side of the road. The event is FREE and open to kids of all ages and is sponsored by Cowboy Bass, the Seedskadee Chapter of Trout Unlimited, and the Wyoming Game and Fish Department.
Take-A-Kid Fishing Day is one of more than 2,500 events that are held across the country to celebrate National Fishing Week. The goal of the event is to help young people and adults alike discover the joys of fishing.
Fishing mentors and some fishing tackle will be available, but supplies are limited. Fishing licenses are required for all participants 14 years or older. Nonresident youth under the age of 14 do not need a license if accompanied by an adult possessing a valid Wyoming fishing license. Adults accompanying youth are welcome to fish with a valid State of Wyoming fishing license.
“Fishing will be good this year,” said Green River Fisheries Biologist John Walrath. “We stocked Arctic grayling and channel catfish into area ponds, so that will provide unique fishing opportunities for the kids. We encourage everyone to come and participate. This is a great opportunity for kids to do something special with their family on Father's Day Weekend.”
Questions about the event may be answered by contacting Seedskadee Chapter of Trout Unlimited at 307- 321-8852 or the Game and Fish Green River Regional Office at 307- 875-3223.
Barrie is one step closer to turning the old downtown transit terminal into a marketplace. City Hall on Monday night voted in principal to go ahead with the plan, with the first step being the relocation of the transit ticket office. The structure at Barrie's waterfront will then be slowly converted to a Downtown Public Market that may even be home to the Barrie Farmer's Market. The idea to flip the transit terminal into a public market came in December of 2013, shortly after Barrie Transit stopped seeing the site as a terminal and more as a hub in an expanded transit system. City staff will conduct a transit hub study over the coming weeks, in an effort to find a suitable place for the Barrie Transit hub to be relocated, with Allandale Station being floated as a viable option. You can take a look at the proposed market through a website created by the Barrie BIA here.
Dan Ariely is the author ofPredictable Irrationality, a favorite book around Fool HQ, and — oh yeah — he's also the James B. Duke Professor of Psychology and Behavioral Economics at Duke University. I was able to interview Dan about investing, information overload, and more.
Continue Reading Below
Want to listen instead? Download the audio version of this interview here.
Rana Pritanjali: Do you think the process of investing is similar to other jobs?
Dan Ariely:I think probably HR. When you're trying to interview people, you try to understand them. You're trying to understand [what their potential is] and trying to understand what they're hiding. So I think it's maybe similar to that.
Rana Pritanjali:Why do losses hurt humans so much? Is this true for just a few of us, or is it broadly true?
Dan Ariely:So it's true for people in general, and this is called “loss aversion.” For example, we find that if you have a coin flip that you have a 50% chance of making $1,100 and a 50% chance of losing $1,000. The expected value is positive, but we don't think of it as positive. We think, “Oh, my goodness. If I lost $1,000, I would be very miserable. If I won $1,100 I would be happy, but it wouldn't offset it, so let me not take that bet.”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Now, we think that the reason is evolutionary. If you think about nature, if you get something good (like you get to eat more food and so on) that's a good thing, but if you do something bad, you can die. So nature has kind of tuned us to look at the negative side because if you get a bit more food, a bit more money or whatever, there's a positive expected value but it's limited. Whereas on the negative side, you can lose a lot. So because of that we just attune more to losses.
Image source: Getty Images.
Rana Pritanjali:What do you think are some of the most important traits of successful investors?
Dan Ariely:Maybe not follow your emotions. Human emotions get us to buy high and sell low, so we have to fight those. And being systematic. Looking forward rather than backward. Thinking about what you want to do moving forward and not looking at what's happened to the stock in the past. Not being impulsive is important, and not following the herd.
And then the other one, I would say, is that it's about setting up processes that help us to do things in a more systematic way. So if you basically create a system where you say, “Here are my rules. I'm going to sell when it hits this number. I'm going to buy when it hits this number. I'm going to do X, Y, and Z.” If you stick to your rules, you're probably going to do OK. But what happens is that most of us create rules and then we don't stick to them, because we are tempted at the moment, so sticking to our rules is important.
Rana Pritanjali:Do you believe in “information overload?” How is this affecting us as investors?
Dan Ariely:Absolutely. It's very hard for us to deal with lots and lots of information. Of course, today we're getting lots and lots of information, so what do we do when we get too much information? We simplify. We use heuristics. We rely on only part of the information. On the most salient information.
And that, of course, means that the most salient information is probably the information everybody else knows, as well; so we become less independent in our opinions from other investors. If everybody is in information overload, and we all do simplifications, then what happens is that we follow the simplest source of information, which is probably common to everybody.
Rana Pritanjali:What human characteristics will be hardest for robots (or artificial intelligence)to replicate?
Dan Ariely:I think serendipity. Randomness. Creativity. We don't know. Creativity is part of what is called an NP-complete problem. These are problems that require computation exponential times, and we don't know how to even search. We don't know what the right algorithm is. So I think creativity is going to be one challenge. Serendipity is going to be another one. And following the rules is going to be much easier.
Rana Pritanjali:In your opinion, what are some of the most important human characteristics that have led to the species' dominance?
Dan Ariely:Opposable thumbs. Language. Language allows us to create tremendous advantages. The invention of the wheel. The invention of money. Memory. We have really incredible memory for ideas. Abstract thinking. And then maybe the other one is that we are inherently social animals. We care about other people. We have what is called “social utility.” We can put ourselves in the position of other people. We have empathy. We care about others, which allows us to create societies that rely on each other and get tremendous benefit from each other.
Rana Pritanjali:Why is it that long-term investing seems so right in theory but so very hard in practice?
Dan Ariely:Actually, everything long-term is hard in practice. We have a hard time not overeating. Saving money. Not texting and driving. Washing our hands. You name it. We're in general not good about anything that requires sacrifice in the short term for the long term.
Rana Pritanjali:Why is it so hard for humans to admit our mistakes?
Dan Ariely:Well, a couple of reasons. First of all, we don't actually see our own mistakes all the time. We have such great cognitive storytelling ability that the moment we tell a story, we think to ourselves that this was actually the truth. We call our research center at Duke “the Center for Advanced Hindsight” because we're such good storytellers that we come up with stories that portray us in good ways, so we don't always even see our own mistakes. And then on top of that, it's about our social standing, and admitting failure also admits that we might be wrong in the future.
Rana Pritanjali:Have you done any experiments on “fear of missing out?” Is this becoming more common, and what is the cause?
Dan Ariely:I have not done any research on that, but I did a little video on that. (Link is here!]
10 stocks we like better thanWal-Mart
When investing geniuses David and TomGardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter theyhave run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tomjust revealed what they believe are theten best stocksfor investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right — theythink these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click hereto learn about these picks!
*StockAdvisor returns as of April 3, 2017
The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Waukesha Rep. Scott Allen pushed back against Sen. Lena Taylor's resolution to honor 14 prominent black Wisconsin residents, including a candidate for governor.
Source: LacrosseTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Why it matters to you Here's a good way to watch the total solar eclipse next week without relying on questionable, possibly faulty viewing glasses.
CNN recently teamed up with Volvo to provide a live, safe way to watch the total solar eclipse moving across North America on August 21. Right now, CNN provides a map that shows a blue path stretching west to east indicating areas that will see a perfect solar eclipse. This line starts on the shores of Oregon at 9:06 a.m. Pacific Time, and ends on the shores of South Carolina at 4:06 p.m. Eastern Time, spanning 14 states in total.
Of course, if you are living toward the top and bottom of the United States, you will only see a partial crescent-shaped solar eclipse. But CNN and Volvo have your back, as those residents can jump on CNN's website or use one of CNN's apps to see the sun fully blocked from coast to coast. CNN will have seven points established along the blue line using 360-degree cameras.
A solar eclipse is a result of the moon passing between the Earth and the sun. Not everyone can see a perfect total eclipse, hence CNN's live coverage. The further you move away from the line, the more “crescent” the eclipse will appear. By contrast, a lunar eclipse is when the Earth sits perfectly between the sun and the moon, casting its shadow on the orbiting satellite.
But unlike a lunar eclipse, you cannot look directly at a solar eclipse. That is due to the intensely bright rays reaching around the moon's circular form, and the invisible radiation that these fiery tentacles create. Looking at this focused light for just a few seconds could fry your retinas, causing possible blindness. And because retinas have no nerves regarding pain, the damage will not be immediately noticeable.
According to NASA, spectators should not look directly at any solar eclipse, whether it is full or partial. Spectators also must not use sunglasses to view the solar eclipse. Instead, rely on special viewing glasses or handheld solar viewers that meet specific requirements:
Listed ISO 12312-2 international standard certification
Manufacturer's name and address printed on product
Does not rely on homemade filters
Is not older than three years old
Does not have scratched or wrinkled lenses
That said, keep a sharp eye on what you buy for this rare event. Amazon is currently dishing out refunds on protective solar eclipse glasses despite their supposed 12312-2 certification due to the inability to verify the safety of many versions sold by its sellers. The move to refund customers, according to Amazon, is out of “caution.”
This will be the first total solar eclipse seen by the entire contiguous United States (sans Alaska, Hawaii, etc.) since June 1918. It is also the first solar eclipse exclusively experienced in the upper western hemisphere since February 1979, which only passed through the northwestern United States, a portion of Canada, and Greenland. The next solar eclipse won't take place in North America until April 2024.
CNN's streaming event will start at 10 a.m. (PT) and conclude at noon. NASA will have a show too.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — The Latest on the race for the Alabama Senate seat (all times local):
7:10 p.m.
Alabama voters are getting a recorded phone call in which President Donald Trump says they need Republican Roy Moore in the U.S. Senate.
The 90-second audio recording released Sunday by the Moore campaign includes Trump saying progress on their agenda will be “stopped cold” if Alabama elects Democrat Doug Jones.
State voters will begin receiving the call on Monday, the day before the election.
Trump calls Moore a conservative who will help get the nation back on track after what they refer to as the “Obama disaster.” The president says Republicans need Moore's vote in the Senate, where the GOP has a majority with 52 votes.
Trump calls Jones a liberal who's a puppet of Democratic congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.
——
6:20 p.m.
Alabama Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones is using the words of the state's senior GOP senator in their last-minute push for votes.
In a Sunday night speech at a Huntsville church, Jones repeated Sen. Richard Shelby's remark on a morning talk show that Alabama can “do better” than electing Republican Roy Moore in Tuesday's race for US Senate.
Shelby says they did not vote for Moore, but instead wrote in the name of another Republican.
Jones's campaign has been emphasizing Shelby's statement through the day.
Moore did not hold any public campaign events on Sunday. They have scheduled a Monday night rally with former Trump strategist Steve Bannon.
——
5:10 p.m.
Democratic Senate candidate Doug Jones says Tuesday's election against Republican Roy Moore will send a message far beyond Alabama's borders.
Jones told campaign workers during an appearance in Birmingham on Sunday that the vote will tell the world what Alabama stands for. Jones says their campaign “is on the right side of history.”
Jones was joined for a second day by New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, one of just two African American Democrats serving in the Senate. Jones' campaign is painfully aware of their need to drive extraordinary levels of black voters and moderate Republicans to the polls.
Alabama doesn't have any Democrats in statewide office. Jones' campaign has been buoyed by allegations that Moore made improper sexual advances toward teen girls decades ago.
——
11:30 a.m.
Roy Moore's chief strategist is tying the Republican Senate candidate to President Donald Trump's star in Alabama.
Dean Young said Sunday on ABC's “This Week” that the special election is “ground zero” for Trump and that Alabamians who want the president's agenda to be achieved should vote for Moore.
They say: “This is Donald Trump on trial in Alabama.”
Trump has urged voters to back Moore over Democrat Doug Jones in Tuesday's election.
Moore's candidacy has been rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct by multiple women.
Young says the women aren't credible. In contrast, a number of senior Republicans in Congress say they believe the women. Trump, however, has raised doubts about the accusers and has criticized Jones as the “liberal puppet” of Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
NASA has been sending space probes to Mars since the 1960s to study the Red Planet's climate and geology and to look for signs of life. Now the space agency is in the final planning stages of a new mission that will be the first to peer deep below the planet's surface.
The primary goal of the InSight mission — now scheduled to launch from Vandenberg Air Force Base in central California between May 5 and June 8 — is to give scientists a better understanding of how a once lush Mars evolved into the dusty and seemingly barren planet that we see today.
“It will give us some idea how geologically active Mars is at the present-day, and will allow us to build more precise models of the Martian interior,” Dr. Sean McMahon, a University of Edinburgh geobiologist who is not involved with the mission, told NBC News MACH in an email. “This is important for understanding the similarities and differences between Earth, Mars, and other rocky planets.”
An artist's concept shows NASA's InSight Mars lander fully deployed for studying the deep interior of Mars. NASA
Unlike Curiosity and other rovers that have operated on Mars, the 800-pound InSight lander won't be able to move about on the planet's surface. But it has a suite of instruments that includes a seismometer and a heat probe — and a seven-foot-long robotic arm to help operate them.
The lander will use its instruments to observe the frequency and magnitude of marsquakes and measure how heat moves deep within the planet and to the surface. “Think of InSight as Mars' first health checkup in more than 4.5 billion years,” the mission's principal investigator, Dr. Bruce Banerdt, said in a written statement.
InSight isn't designed to search for life, but McMahon said understanding what's happening beneath the Martian surface may reveal clues about whether microbes could thrive on the Red Planet. “The warmer the Martian interior, the nearer the surface liquid water could be stable — good news for finding extant life,” they said.
No matter when InSight launches, the lander is scheduled to touch down on Mars on Nov. 26, 2018, after a journey of 301 million miles. It's expected to remain active on the Red Planet for two years.
Northern Lights author Philip Pullman will be releasing a follow-up to their best-selling Their Dark Materials trilogy, titled The Book of Dust.
The first in the new trilogy will come out on 19th October, 17 years after we said goodbye to Lyra Belacqua at the end of The Amber Spyglass.
Pullman has insisted that the books are an "equel" rather than a prequel or a sequel.
Speaking on Radio 4's Today Programme, they explained: "People say, 'Is it prequel? Is it a sequel?' Well, it is neither.
"It's an 'equel'. It's a different story which begins roughly 10 years before Their Dark Materials and ends roughly 10 years after."
Readers will return to the story of hero Lyra, this time beginning when they are a baby and later moving on to when they are 20 years old.
The original trilogy – Northern Lights (titled The Golden Compass in the US), The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass – is currently being adapted by the BBC. It's also been on stage at the National Theatre, and on screen in a 2007 film starring Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig.
In a statement, Pullman adds: “The first thing to say is that Lyra is at the centre of the story. Events involving them open the first chapter, and will close the last.
"I've always wanted to tell the story of how Lyra came to be living at Jordan College and, in thinking about it, I discovered a long story that began when they were a baby and will end when she's grown up."
And what does "equel" really mean?
Pullman explains: "It's a different story, but there are settings that readers of Their Dark Materials will recognise, and characters they've met before.
"Also, of course, there are some characters who are new to us, including an ordinary boy (a boy we have seen in an earlier part of Lyra's story, if we were paying attention) who, with Lyra, is caught up in a terrifying adventure that takes them into a new world."
And as for the trilogy's title, it certainly is a reference to the Dust from Their Dark Materials.
“Why return to Lyra's world? Dust." Pullman says. "Questions about that mysterious and troubling substance were already causing strife 10 years before Their Dark Materials, and at the centre of The Book of Dust is the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organisation, which wants to stifle speculation and enquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free."
ARLINGTON, Texas — The Texas Rangers have signed free-agent shortstop Yenci Pena, one of the players taken from the Atlanta Braves as punishment for circumventing international signing rules, a person with knowledge of the deal told The Associated Press on Saturday.
The agreement comes after the Rangers missed out on Japanese star Shohei Ohtani, who chose the Los Angeles Angels on Friday. The person spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because the deal hasn't been announced.
The Rangers had one of the largest amounts of international bonus money for the pursuit of Ohtani at more than $3.5 million. They can spend that money on other international players.
The 17-year-old Pena is from the Dominican Republic and was among 13 prospects the Braves lost when former general manager John Coppolella was banned for life by Major League Baseball last month.
Commissioner Rob Manfred said MLB's investigation determined the Braves funneled extra signing bonus money to five players in 2015-16 by giving the funds first to another player considered a foreign professional under baseball's rules and having the money redistributed to the other five.
If the money had been counted for the other five, the Braves would have exceeded their pool by more than 5 per cent and been restricted to signing bonuses of $300,000 or under for international amateurs through June 15, 2019.
Because of that, MLB voided the contracts of nine players the Braves would have been ineligible to sign. Pena's $1.05 million deals was among them.
Three other players the Braves signed were set free because Atlanta gave additional money to their agents by signing others to deals with what MLB called “inflated” bonuses. A contract with South Korean shortstop Ji-Hwan Bae was rejected because of compensation outside the deal.
Pena played 45 games last season for the Braves' rookie-level Gulf Coast League affiliate, hitting .230 with two home runs and 19 RBIs.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Taxpayers waiting until the last minute to file their taxes will receive an extra day after the IRS spent most of Tuesday, the deadline for filing taxes, fixing technical glitches on its website.
Parts of the IRS payment system were not working for several hours on Tuesday, sending people who hadn't filed into a panic. Those services were restored Tuesday evening, according to a statement from the IRS.
The IRS "direct pay" option, which is a free service allowing taxpayers to transfer funds directly from a bank account to the IRS, and a "payment plan" option were both unavailable for several hours on Tuesday.
This image shows a message that was on the Direct Pay section of the IRS website on April 17, 2018. (IRS via AP) IRS / AP
“This is the busiest tax day of the year, and the IRS apologizes for the inconvenience this system issue caused for taxpayers,” said David Kautter, acting IRS commissioner. “The IRS appreciates everyone's patience during this period. The extra time will help taxpayers affected by this situation.” Taxpayers affected by the technical glitch won't have to do anything to take advantage of the extra day. While the outage was an inconvenience, it was still possible to pay with a debit or credit card. However, both those options tack on a fee of a couple of dollars for a debit card transaction and an additional percentage of the total bill for those paying with a credit card, adding to the joy of paying taxes.
The old fashioned option of sending a paper check is also still an option, as long as it's postmarked with the April 17 due date.
The technical glitch didn't stop Twitter from flipping out on the IRS for not having everything run smoothly on the most important tax day of the year.
Wednesday we learned that Daniel Clay, the man convicted of murdering Chelsea Bruck, wants a new verdict or a new trial all together. WTOL took a look at this rare motion filed by the defense and how DNA evidence is still at the center of the case.
The job of the defense attorney isn't over just because a trial has ended. And such is the case with Daniel Clay and their defense attorneys as they filed a motion to the judge to seek a different verdict or a new trial.
WTOL dug through the motion and found that the defense believed the jury had to make a leap of an assumption to believe Clay raped Chelsea Bruck before killing her, stating there wasn't enough evidence to clearly prove criminal sexual misconduct occurred at the time. Clay testified they were having consensual sex with the victim Chelsea Bruck.
However the prosecution believed otherwise.
"We believe the defendant was offered a fair trial and that the evidence supports the jury and that the jury made the correct decision," said Leah Hubbard, Monroe County Prosecutor.
The prosecution also said the DNA obtained from Daniel Clay during an arrest for a different case that was later thrown out is still their strongest evidence.
"It was actually a different offense. It was a larceny offense based on the alleged theft of some tattoo equipment but nonetheless was a felony charge and as a result their DNA was collected at the time of their arrest and later matched through Codis to the evidence in this case," Hubbard said.
After a recent change in Michigan law, all felony arrests require DNA samples to be taken.
The prosecution said they plan to file their response for the record soon.
The judge did set a hearing date for the motion submitted by Daniel Clay's defense attorney and that date is July 7.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Halifax Regional Police Chief Jean Michel Blais has announced their plans to retire from the force after more than five years in the post.
The police force issued a statement Wednesday saying Blais will step down by March 31, 2019.
A recruitment process has started, and Blais will be replaced after a change of command ceremony is held.
Blais was appointed chief on Oct. 11, 2012, after spending 25 years with the RCMP.
Blais said leading the police force and serving as chief have been “two of the greatest privileges of my professional life.”
Regional Coun. Steve Craig, chairperson of the board of police commissioners, thanked Blais for their service, saying their leadership has positioned the police force “for exceptional service of our community well into the future.”
In this Aug. 14, 2017 photo, Tatsuya Yasue, 89-year-old farmer, wipes their tears while taking about their brother Sadao Yasue, who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago, in Higashishirakawa, in central Japan's Gifu prefecture. Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao's calligraphy-covered flag they took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: 3news.com
File photo
The Sunyani Technical University (STU) has admitted 1,532 fresh students to pursue various programmes with a call to them to be disciplined and go the extra mile to achieve set goals.
Professor Kwadwo Adinkrah-Appiah, the Vice-Chancellor, said they should remain focused and do everything to combine academic excellence with good moral character. The newly enrolled students were made up of 972 males and 560 females and would be pursuing degree and diploma programmes.
These include Bachelor of Technology (B-Tech), procurement and management, civil engineering, accounting and computing. Others are Higher National Diploma (HND) in accountancy, building technology, computer science, electronic engineering, business administration and banking technology and accounting.
Prof Adinkrah-Appiah said the conversion of the institution into a technical university had led to significant jump in students' application, which over the past four years, was on steady decline because of intense competition from both public and private universities.
They hinted of plans to begin four-year degree programmes in applied science and technology, applied arts, business and management studies. It was only waiting for approval by the National Accreditation Board (NAB) to get going, they added.
NEW YORK (AP) — Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship.
"He can fall off the planet," the actor said during an interview with The Associated Press on Wednesday. "My statement is truth. My statement is reality. Stop saying it's consensual, you pig! You know it's not true."
Weinstein issued a statement Tuesday that quoted an alleged email from McGowan's former manager, saying that the actor had spoken of a consensual encounter with him. Weinstein is accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct, revelations that helped lead to a wave of allegations against Matt Lauer, Charlie Rose and dozens of other men.
McGowan's memoir, "Brave," released this week, includes a detailed account of being assaulted by the movie producer in a hotel 20 years ago. Besides their comment to the AP, McGowan issued a statement Wednesday saying that their comments were part of an ongoing effort to "smear" them
"It is an affront not only to Rose but to the hundreds of women who have come forward with their stories of harassment, sexual abuse and rape perpetrated by Mr. Weinstein and those like him," the statement reads in part. "This is a sad, pathetic old-fashioned sexist attempt to undermine obvious truth and the gas lighting will no longer be tolerated."
NEW YORK — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, and clearly the crowd favorite, she's just the second German shepherd to win the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
PHOTOS: Top Breeds Compete at Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
Boyles is a fan of the Green Bay Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
A handler poses for photographs with Rumor, a German shepherd, after Rumor won Best In Show at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show on Feb. 14, 2017, in New York. Frank Franklin II / AP
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent."
The 5-year-old Rumor is named for the Adele hit song "Rumor Has It." This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in their future."
Photos: Top Breeds Compete at Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. — Bo Hodges scored 18 points with 8-for-9 shooting to lead East Tennessee State to a 94-48 win over Hiawassee College on Sunday.
Jason Williams added 12 points, including a pair of 3-pointers, and Mladen Armus had 10 points to go with seven rebounds for ETSU (6-3), which got 22 assists on its 35 baskets to win its fourth straight game.
The Buccaneers broke it open midway through the first half with a 23-2 run to go up 48-17 at the break. Hodges ignited the breakaway run with nine straight points, including two dunks.
ETSU got 15 of their 22 steals in the opening half and then continued to pull away after the break.
Hiwassee, a Tennessee program that plays in the National Christian College Athletic Association, got 10 points and seven rebounds from Ben Snider, the only Tiger to reach double figures.
The chronically underfunded Missouri public defender system is now dealing with another vexing issue: the prospect that its overworked attorneys could be punished for not keeping up with their workloads. And that's leading to a growing standoff between judges and public defender attorneys.
The issue surfaced after the Missouri Supreme Court last month suspended a 21-year veteran of the public defender's office in Columbia who was laboring under a huge caseload and was hospitalized due to chronic health problems.
The lawyer, Karl William Hinkebein, was placed on probation for a year after the Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel — the state agency that oversees attorney conduct — found that they failed to provide adequate representation to six of their clients between 2011 and 2013.
In the wake of that decision, many public defenders throughout the state are refusing to take on additional clients. Last week, Boone County Presiding Judge Kevin Crane said they would start appointing private attorneys to represent indigent clients. They have since appointed more than three dozen, who will be working pro bono, or without pay.
Michael Barrett, director of the Missouri public defender system, says the Supreme Court's decision has left public defenders in an untenable position.
“They just demonstrated they're going to prosecute us,” they say. “And the Supreme Court just demonstrated that they're going to punish us.”
They say one public defender is handling 298 cases, another 295 and yet another 198.
“These are not cases for the year,” they say, “these are cases right now.”
The state's 370 public defenders handle more than 80,000 criminal cases a year for indigent clients – an average of 216 cases per attorney. Numerous studies that have looked at the Missouri public defender system say it should have nearly twice as many lawyers to meet standards set by the American Bar Association for the minimal time needed to adequately represent clients.
Some Missouri public defenders were especially rankled by the suggestion of one of the Supreme Court's judges during oral argument that Hinkebein should have just quit rather than take on new cases.
“If you're a new lawyer just coming out of law school and you've got your law school debt, is that the first solution you're going to think of – quitting your job?” says Anthony Cardarella, who heads the public defender office in Liberty, which covers Clay, Platte and Clinton counties.
“Not to even mention the type of person that's typically a public defender who doesn't want to abandon their co-worker, much less their client, much less their employment.”
Some judges are ordering public defenders to take on cases even after they've refused to do so. Attorneys that refuse to abide by the orders risk being held in contempt.
“If I was a cartoonist for a newspaper, I'd draw a picture of a public defender whose got two guns pointed at them from either side of their head: On one side, the (Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel) and the Supreme Court saying, ‘I dare you to take that case and I'm going to take your law license.' On the other side is the local court who says, ‘I dare you to not take that case. And I'll hold you in contempt.' That's our world right now,” Barrett says.
Barrett says it's up to attorneys in each of the public defender's 33 trial division offices to decide for themselves whether to stop taking on additional clients. And right now, it appears that a lot of them are doing so.
David Wallis, head of the Boone County public defender office, recently informed Judge Crane that they could no longer put their attorneys at risk of being disciplined by the Supreme Court.
And Cardarella, of the Liberty office, says they sent a letter on Monday to judges in Clay, Platte and Clinton counties informing them that their office would no longer accept new cases.
“At least for our office, the intent is not to assign any cases to already burdened public defender attorneys in light of the Hinkebein oral argument, briefs and decision,” they say.
Cardarella says that while some judges are sympathetic to the office's plight, “it's inevitable” that others will order their office to continue to accept cases.
Valerie Hartman, a spokesperson for the Jackson County Circuit Court, says the court has not received formal notice yet that any area public defenders are refusing to take on additional cases. But the director of the public defender's Kansas City office, Ruth Petsch, is planning to meet with Jackson County Circuit Judge John Torrence, the court's presiding judge, next week to discuss their concerns.
Petsch could not be reached for comment.
Other district office directors say they're weighing their options, but all of those contacted by KCUR said they found the Supreme Court's Hinkebein decision troubling.
The Missouri public defender system has been underfunded for decades. Only Mississippi spends less than the $355 per case Missouri currently allocates to its indigent defense budget.
In March, the ACLU's Missouri chapter filed a class-action lawsuit seeking to force legislators to adequately fund the system. Barrett gave a deposition in the case just this week.
Last year, seeking to draw attention to the system's plight, Barrett invoked an obscure Missouri law to appoint then-Gov. Jay Nixon, a lawyer and former state attorney general, to represent an indigent defendant. A judge ruled that Barrett didn't have the authority to do that, but the point they were trying to make – that the state's public defender system was on the verge of collapse – captured national headlines.
Dan Margolies is KCUR's health editor. You can reach them on Twitter @DanMargolies.
HUBER HEIGHTS — Brianna Stauffer is Wayne High School's recipient of the 2018 Dayton LaSertoma International Youth Service Award. Stauffer is involved with multiple community service groups including the National Honors Society at Wayne, Huber Heights Police Explorers, and Cub Scout Day Camps in Vandalia.
Stauffer says they relish the opportunity to be highlighted among their peers.
“I was really excited because I've done a lot of work in my community and I really enjoy it,” they said. “It was really nice to be recognized by my school.”
The Dayton LaSertoma Club calls this a progressive award to seek out youths that are setting a pattern of leadership and service in their communities while also recognizing and honoring them for their efforts. Wayne and 23 other schools in Montgomery and Preble counties also selected one senior student to receive the honor.
Leadership and service is right up Stauffer's alley as they say she's inspired by their mother.
“My mom goes out and does so much for Wright Brothers Elementary School,” they said. “We'll go out anywhere and we're bound to run into at least one little kid who goes, ‘Hi Mrs. Tonya!'”
Stauffer says they got involved with the Cub Scouts since their brothers participate too. They especially love helping out Cub Scouts rising through the ranks during their summer camps. “
It's helped them complete their rank and it's doing something really difficult that's hard for them,” they said. “I just love seeing the smile when they figure it out and they have that ‘aha' moment.”
The Huber Heights Police Explorers helps prepare students for a career in law enforcement and is particularly helpful to Stauffer since they aspire be a forensic science major in college. Stauffer says the kinds of activities done by the Police Explorers include, “directing traffic at certain events, parking cars for the Fourth of July, and working Italian Fest.”
As for their next move, Stauffer says they plan to continue volunteering in college. Stauffer says she's deciding between Ohio University and Mount Nazarene University at the moment, but maintains that she's going to do community service wherever they can.
Wayne High School's Brianna Stauffer, center, was named the recipient of 2018 Dayton LaSertoma International Youth Service Award.  They are pictured with Wayne Principal Jeffrey Berk and their mother, Tonya. http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_LaSertoma.jpg Wayne High School's Brianna Stauffer, center, was named the recipient of 2018 Dayton LaSertoma International Youth Service Award.  They are pictured with Wayne Principal Jeffrey Berk and their mother, Tonya. HHCS Photo
Kirby Smart was happy after beating Auburn in 2016. They were probably just as ecstatic when they found out Justin Fields committed to their program. John Bazemore AP
MEND makes U-turn, accuses Buhari of ‘grand deception'
The group, which earlier supported Mr. Buhari, now accuses them of undermining peace in the region, and warns of consequences.
The post MEND makes U-turn, accuses Buhari of ‘grand deception' appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PARIS — France's anti-terrorism prosecutor says three men are facing charges in an elaborate, failed bombing in a high-end Paris neighbourhood that could have been “devastating.”
Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters that two of the suspects had been under surveillance for ties to radical Islam. They said the three are meeting Friday with investigating judges expected to file preliminary terrorism charges.
Molins said the three have denied involvement and refused to answer investigators. Three others held in the investigation were released Friday for lack of evidence.
Alerted by a resident, authorities found canisters, buckets of gasoline and a detonation device connected to a telephone in a building in Paris' 16th arrondissement, or district, Saturday.
It's unclear why the explosive didn't detonate. Molins said investigators don't know why the building was targeted.
An anonymous tip led to the arrest of an 18-year-old Springtown man earlier this week and charged in connection with a string of break-ins on that occurred on Isabella Lane in late January.
Parker County Sheriff's Investigators arrested Samuel Ibarra Jan. 30 and charged them with three counts of burglary of a vehicle, a Class A misdemeanor and one count of burglary of a building, a state jail felony.
Travellers stranded for over 20 hours – The Standard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO YORK DISPATCH INSTEAD OF THE YORK DAILY RECORD - In this Wednesday, March 1, 2017 photo, former York County Commissioner and Brewvino Owner Steve Chronister talks about Brewvino, LLC., taking o...
(Paul Kuehnel/York Daily Record via AP, File). FILE – In this June 25, 2012, file photo, Steve Chronister, president of the York County Board of Commissioners, appears as a character witness during the corruption trial of former state Revenue Secretary...
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). In this Saturday, March 24, 2018 photo, local attorney and York NAACP Chapter President Sandra Thompson speaks as hundreds gather for the March For Our Lives rally to end gun violence in York City, Pa. A golf clu...
(Dawn J. Sagert /York Dispatch via AP). CORRECTS SOURCE TO YORK DISPATCH INSTEAD OF THE YORK DAILY RECORD- In this Wednesday, March 1, 2017 photo, Brewvino Owner and Manager Jordan Chronister talks about renovations that will be made following Brewvino...
By ERRIN HAINES WHACK
AP National Writer
YORK, Pa. (AP) - When they walk onto a golf course as one of the few black women on the links, Sandra Harrison fills with pride and hopes their play will dispel stereotypes and disarm their fellow players - who are often white and male.
What they felt playing at the Grandview Golf Club as a new member in their community could not have been more opposite, Harrison said. The 59-year-old retiree said they were traumatized, rattled and hurt after they said they and the group of black women they were playing with were run off the course before police were called when a white man claimed the women were playing too slowly.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," Harrison said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
No charges were filed, but the confrontation Saturday touched a raw nerve after two other somewhat similar incidents. Two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and their guest of not paying to work out and called police, prompting an apology from the company.
Harrison and Sandra Thompson said they were at the second hole when representatives of the Grandview Golf Club told the group they were playing too slowly.
"We knew we snapped those balls and moved right ahead," Thompson said in an interview with The Associated Press.
According to Thompson, one of the other women said they were confronted by a man with a posturing, aggressive demeanor who said, "You need to move forward! I'm the owner!"
Not wanting to lose the day, the group attempted to power through the front nine, Harrison said, but the confrontations made them increasingly upset and unable to concentrate on the game.
After the ninth hole, three of the women dropped out and headed home.
"I said, 'I don't want to do this anymore,'" Harrison said. "I was traumatized."
Down to two players, Thompson figured they and their partner could continue without being bothered. Again, they were approached.
The message this time: "Get off our property." The women were informed the police had been called.
After they were questioned, police declined to proceed further. Thompson said they were offered a check refunding their membership, but refused.
On Sunday, club co-owner JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record they called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
On Monday, they issued a second statement to the newspaper saying players who are slow typically leave the course when asked by club personnel.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result," the statement reads. It says the women skipped holes and took an extended break.
"During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," it reads.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette.
"Our name implies that we want to live life in a fair way," Harrison said. We want to be sisters in the fairway, in golf and in life."
Normally, clubs don't allow groups larger than four. Sandra Thompson was the last member to arrive, and checked with a clerk to see if it was OK to join the four others, knowing a fifth member might be an issue. The clerk said it was fine, said Thompson, an attorney and president of the York branch of the NAACP.
Thompson posted a video on their Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, their father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the women he's been timing them and that they must leave the premises. The women respond that they took an appropriate break and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off. The women are then told that the police have been called. And so they wait.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister, who owns the club with their husband Jordan Chronister, told the newspaper Sunday that they called the women personally to apologize. They said they hope to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
___
AP writer Alexandra Villarreal contributed to this report from Philadelphia.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
3:42 Impaired driver caught on Sarasota sheriff helicopter camera
1:10 Breast cancer patient says TSA 'humiliated' them at security checkpoint
0:55 Tennessee resident who fled wildfire: "It was like a picture of H-E-L-L."
The first step is to recognize that mental illness is happening
But how might upper management tackle this topic of mental health to begin with? First it must recognize that mental illness is a part of “normal” life, paradoxical as that may sound. One in five adults experience mental illness in any given year.
"It's unreasonable to think life is just about business,” says Duane Hixon, CEO of N2 Publishing. “Everybody struggles, and challenges like mental health issues eventually spill over into the workplace. So, as a leader, you can't pretend it isn't happening. Instead of looking the other way, create an environment where team members feel welcome and encouraged to talk about their struggles. Find out if any team member is willing to talk openly about their past mental health issues and would serve as a support system for those who are facing challenges today. No one should feel like they're alone in their struggle — especially not in a place they spend 40 hours a week."
If you're a leader who's had mental health troubles, open up about them
I'm now comfortable enough with my mental illnesses to share openly, but I wasn't so willing back when I was actually in an office. This is likely the case for a lot of employees, which is why executives may want to kick off the sharing.
“Great bosses that really want to start the discussion and reduce the stigma [may] set the culture by sharing their stories of struggles,” says Josh Goldberg, executive director of Boulder Crest, a mental health center for veterans and the co-author of “Struggle Well: Thriving in the Aftermath of Trauma”. “Normalize struggle by recognizing it is a human condition we all face.”
Dedicate time to talk about something other than work
Spending one-on-one time with employees to talk about regular life stuff (and not work) can be challenging, but it's a worthwhile move.
“Spend time with your people. If you have an office job, you probably spend a lot of time in meetings. Almost all of those meetings are about work [i.e.] ‘what's the status of this, what's the plan for that,'” says Nicole Thurman, VP of talent management, CHG Healthcare. “We encourage our leaders to also have regular one-on-one meetings about anything the employee wants to talk about. That could mean talking about their family, what's stressing them out at work or at home or any conflicts they're dealing with. If employees and their leaders spend time with each other on a personal level, it's much easier for them to talk about stressors or mental health concerns.”
Lean on your Employee Assistance Program
If you're unsure of how to tackle mental health (as an employer or employee), turn to your Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for guidance.
“Utilizing existing EAP resources to talk about things like anxiety, seasonal depression and daily stressors can help begin to normalize these conditions as something that many individuals experience,” says Dr. Rachel O'Neill, an Ohio-licensed professional clinical counselor and Talkspace primary therapist. “It can be especially helpful to talk about effective ways to deal with stress — things like mindfulness and meditation practices — both of which have been shown to increase workplace productivity. In general, the more a workplace encourages conversation around mental health and wellness, the more likely employees are to recognize the importance of self-care."
Denise M. Rousseau, a professor of organizational behavior and public policy at Carnegie Mellon University's Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy and the Tepper School of Business, and the faculty director of the Institute for Social Enterprise and Innovation and chair of Health Care Policy and Management program notes that your EAP can also help with training HR and leadership in providing resources.
“Many times an employee comes in with an issue and doesn't yet have a course of action. They're not yet at the point of saying ‘I have a therapist appointment at [X] time. What if they don't have a solution? That's where [the company] needs the skills to be receptive and also prepared to provide resources.”
Three things you as an employee can do
Ideally your employer is recognizing that “mental health and physical health are closely connected” as Rousseau puts it. But you as an employee can do a number of things to advocate for yourself:
Don't assume your boss will judge or deny you. We shouldn't be so quick to assume the worse.“Do not preempt,” says Rousseau. “This is especially a problem for women — that old notion they don't like to ask. It's important to speak up and not assume you're manager will say no. If they do, go up a level.” Be upfront and proactive. “I would recommend addressing potential conflicts and problems head on, not waiting until things have gotten ‘really bad' to finally say or do something,” Dr. Farrah Hauke, a psychologist. “Be direct about what you need with your employer, [but] share only what you feel comfortable with sharing. Commit to ending the stigma in your own thoughts. Hauke notes that it's critical that we ourselves think of mental health as any other condition for which you might need time off or accommodation, adding” “The ‘stigma' starts with you.”
MORE MENTAL HEALTH TIPS
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Mayor-President Sharon Weston Broome will be hosting four community meetings Tuesday to encourage discussion and action with residents to stop East Baton Rouge Parish's high murder rate. The meetings will be held simultaneously from 6:30 to 8 p.m. at four churches throughout the city.
So far, there have been 95 total homicides in 2017, breaking the record of 94 homicides in 2015. The number of total homicides includes cases such as negligent or justified homicide, meaning a person was responsible for another person's death, but it wasn't classified as a murder. A total of 83 of those cases are being investigated as murders. About half of the murder cases remain unsolved.
Twelve people have been murdered in the last month. Two of those people are Bruce Cofield and Donald Smart, who were allegedly murdered by Kenneth Gleason in what police believe were racially motivated killings. The most recent murder happened on October 3, when Baton Rouge police found Roosevelt Netter, 52, shot to death inside their home in the 6300 block of Blue Grass Drive.
On Thursday, Federal, state, and local law enforcement officials announced plans for a ‘strike force' to target illegal guns, domestic violence, and drug crimes during a news conference Thursday. Corey Amundson, acting U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana, said group violence, drug trafficking, and domestic violence are the three main drivers of homicides and violent crimes in our area.
“Too many decent and hardworking people are living as hostages in their own homes. This isn't right,” Amundson told reporters.
Amundson was joined by District Attorney Hillar Moore, as well as representatives from the Baton Rouge Police Department, East Baton Rouge Sheriff's Office, and Louisiana State Police. As part of the plan, the U.S. Attorney's Office will devote prosecutors to pursuing federal charges against certain criminals. “Filling prisons is not our goal. Our goal is to prevent crime," said Amundson.
RELATED: Officials announce formation of 'strike force' to target violent crime in Baton Rouge
Interim BRPD Chief Jonny Dunnam says the threat of federal charges should instill fear in those looking to act out.
“In the federal system, they're usually prosecuted quicker. There's mandatory sentencing where these individuals go to jail, and they don't go to jail here in the state,” said Dunnam.
Amundson says the strike force will also pursue drug traffickers, not just drug users, “without apology.” The acting U.S. Attorney also said locking up violent offenders is only one part of the solution. Preventing crime is law enforcement's biggest priority. Currently, the federal government is providing some funding to Louisiana's prisoner reentry program, as well as drug treatment and domestic violence prevention programs.
Pinpointing ways to prevent crime in the community is what Mayor Broome hopes will happen when Baton Rouge residents convene at four churches Tuesday night.
“I sincerely value the input of my fellow residents. Baton Rouge is home to us all,” Mayor-President Broome said.
The community meetings will feature large and small group discussions about community engagement and plans to put steps into action. Attendees will also take a pledge to stay committed to preventing violent crime in the city.
While law enforcement is a vital piece to prevent and reduce these attacks in our neighborhoods, community engagement is of the utmost importance and community input is often the best way to find solutions. I look forward to seeing as many people as possible come together as we work towards a comprehensive plan to make our community safe.
The meetings are scheduled for Tuesday, October 10 from 6:30 p.m. to 8 p.m. at the following locations:
Broadmoor United Methodist Church
10230 Mollylea Dr.
Baton Rouge, LA 70815
Greater King David Baptist Church
222 Blount Rd.
Baton Rouge, LA 70807
Oasis Christian Church
4524 E Brookstown Dr.
Baton Rouge, LA 70805
Shiloh Baptist Church
185 Eddie Robinson Sr. Dr.
Baton Rouge, LA 70802
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
NBA2K
After one of the better NBA regular seasons in recent memory, the 2017 NBA Playoffs are finally upon us, and we couldn't be more excited. Despite what some are calling a predictable first round – and I'd even take that a step further by claiming that most NBA pundits are expecting a warrior vs. Cavaliers NBA Finals rematch – the journey to that point (if we even get to that point) includes a plethora of fascinating narratives.
Will the Cavaliers regret conceding the No. 1 seed in the East to the Boston Celtics? Who will win the MVP duel between the Rockets and the Thunder? Will Harden or Westbrook go on a miraculous postseason run that will make MVP voters look bad if the MVP loser takes their team all the way? We already know Paul George vs. LeBron James is an incredibly fun first round matchup. Or what about The Greek Freak? Once again, nobody is talking about the San Antonio Spurs – can Gregg Popovich do it again?
And even if things play out how Vegas and just about everyone else expects – a Warriors vs. Cavaliers NBA Finals rematch – who is going to complain about that? Last year's NBA Finals was arguably one of the greatest of all-time. and another win over the Warriors super team gets LeBron one step closer to Michael Jordan and that GOAT status.
What does any of this have to do with a post that will ultimately boil down to an NBA 2K17 simulation of the 2017 NBA Playoffs? Not a great deal, admittedly, but it's fun to point out what everyone is expecting to happen prior giving the wheel to NBA 2K, because if we've learned anything over the course of the last year giving NBA 2K the responsibility of predicting NBA outcomes, it's to expect the unexpected.
We simulated the entire NBA season back in October, and that went off the rails in a hurry. We simulated the DeMarcus Cousins – Anthony Davis era in New Orleans a few months back, and that one was a disaster. We simulated the rest of LeBron James career, and let's just say NBA 2K was not kind to King James. We even simulated multiple games of one-on-one between the greatest basketball player of all-time, LaVar Ball, and their subordinate, Michael Jordan. Okay, that last one went exactly how we expected, but still! NBA 2K likes to keep it fun. That's the point.
Ok, that introduction is long enough. Let's get down to it, shall we?
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
TAMPA, Fla. — Jameis Winston grew more animated with each question, insisting their relationship with Tampa Bay coach Dirk Koetter is fine and that speculation about a possible rift is a by-product of the team not performing up to expectations.
“Listen, me and coach Koetter have a great relationship, first and foremost,” the third-year quarterback said Sunday, when the Buccaneers (7-9) lost 24-21 to the Detroit Lions and were officially eliminated from playoff contention.
The loss was the eighth in 10 games for Tampa Bay, ensuring a losing record after entering the season with heightened expectations based on going 9-7 a year ago.
Winston missed three games and a big chunk of a fourth with a shoulder sprain. They also started four games — all losses — while trying to play through the injury.
“We have the same goal when we go out there on the football field, and that's to win the football game. So it doesn't matter what anybody else can possibly say,” Winston said.
“Obviously, a lot of stuff can come out when we're not doing as expected. But that's false,” the 23-year-old quarterback added. “Coach Koetter coaches their tail off. They definitely support me. So whatever anybody else has to say outside of that … that's water under a bridge. That's shocking.”
Winston completed 26 of 38 passes for 285 yards and a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns against the Lions (7-6), who escaped with a win on Matt Prater's 46-yard field goal with 20 seconds remaining.
The Bucs haven't made the playoffs since 2007. Lovie Smith was fired as coach after Winston's rookie season in 2015, and ownership replaced them with Koetter, in part because of the relationship they had forged with the quarterback as Tampa Bay's offensive co-ordinator.
“A lot of distractions come up when we don't perform like we need to perform,” Winston said. “First and foremost, I'm a strong believer in coaches and players play. If you look at today's game, I didn't play (well). I had three turnovers.”
Koetter also denied there is tension between coach and quarterback.
“That's obviously news to me. I think Jameis and I have an extremely consistent relationship for the last three years. I don't think anything's different about it, but that's just my opinion,” Koetter said.
The coach also shrugged off a question about whether he's concerned by talk that Winston is unhappy.
“It concerns me that we're not winning enough games. That's my biggest concern,” Koetter said. “I know the truth about our relationship. My big concern is our football team.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Rep. Tim Murphy, the Pennsylvania Republican at the center of a lurid sex scandal, announced Wednesday that they plan to retire at the end of their term.
Murphy, who is in their eighth term, said in a statement that they will "take personal time to seek help as my family and I continue to work through our personal difficulties."
Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Pa., at the House Energy and Commerce Committee meeting to organize for the 115th Congress on Jan. 24, 2017. Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call file
The announcement comes just a day after the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette published text messages showing that the member of congress, an outspoken opponent of abortion, asked their mistress to terminate a pregnancy.
Murphy, 65, had recently acknowledged their affair with Shannon Edwards, a forensic psychologist. Their relationship came to light as a result of their divorce proceedings.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Tim Murphy to resign amid abortion scandal allegations 2:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Steve Stivers, the chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee, said Wednesday they were "extremely disappointed in the circumstances surrounding Congressman Murphy's retirement," adding that they were confident Murphy's district "will remain under Republican control next year."
"I look forward to working with the eventual Republican nominee to ensure the district's conservative values are represented in Congress," Stivers said in a statement.
LONDON — A creepy mask that stimulates your face with electrical shocks, eau de toilette made by Harley-Davidson, female-only pens and a plastic bicycle.
These are all exhibits at the Museum of Failure, a collection of innovational flops that opened in Sweden last week.
The concept might sound like a gimmick, but the museum's curator is deadly serious that we should pay more attention to our failures.
"I genuinely believe that as a society we underestimate failure," Dr. Samuel West told NBC News by phone. "We are too obsessed with success."
West used to practice as a clinical psychologist but began collecting examples of failure around two years ago.
Their idea has been a hit, with plenty of media coverage and a blockbuster opening day last Wednesday in which visitors from as far as China and Canada came to the museum in the coastal southern city of Helsingborg.
They saw marvels such as the Rejuvenique Electric Facial Mask, a harrowing Jason Voorhees-style invention that promises in just 90 days to make you as beautiful as Linda Evans from "Dynasty," who features on the box.
The Rejuvenique electric beauty mask on display at the Museum of Failure in Helsingborg, Sweden. James Brooks / AP
The Harley-Davidson eau de toilette was rejected by bikers who felt it damaged the brand, the female-branded Bic pens crashed and burned for obvious reasons, and while the plastic bike didn't rust, it also wobbled alarmingly while in motion.
Other exhibits include potato chips made with the fat substitute olestra, which has the benefit of helping weight loss but unfortunate side-effect of diarrhea.
Tech giant Apple features in the museum with its 1993 personal assistant the Newton MessagePad, whose poor handwriting recognition has earned it almost mythical status among the history of bad gadgets.
Other items became cult successes simply because they were failures in the first place. The museum contains a model of the DeLorean DMC-12, the failed sports car that later became a pop-culture icon after its starring role in the "Back to the Future" films.
But perhaps the most topical item is the Donald Trump-branded game "I'm Back You're Fired — Trump, the game," which West describes as "a very lousy version of Monopoly."
"I'm Back And You're Fired! Trump The Game" is featured at the museum. James Brooks / AP
While all this sounds fun, West made the serious point that failure is the only way we progress, not just in terms of technological innovation but as human beings.
"Failure is how you learn to walk and learn to talk," they said. "Any skills that you have are gained by failing first."
They think schools should pay more attention to failure — not just success — and hopes visitors to their museum don't forget about the times in their lives where things didn't go so right.
"The media like to cover the museum because they get to show some funny stuff and write a clickbait headline," they said. "But the underlying message is definitely not a gimmick."
From dancing dogs to opera singers, these are the 11 acts who have won BGT
Britain's Got Talent is currently searching for its 2018 winner.
Advertisement
But whether it's a singer, magician or variety act that wins series 12, there is an illustrious roster of former winners who have gone before them.
Dance groups, dog acts and opera singers have all previously scooped a huge prize jackpot and the opportunity to display their talents at the Royal Variety Performance.
Here are all of the previous winners of BGT – and what they did next:
Sereis 11 – Tokio Myers
Musician and pianist Tokio Myers stunned time and time again with their incredible mixture of classical and electronic music, taking popular songs and putting their own stunning touch to them.
Since winning the show last year, Tokio has released a debut album called Our Generation and also featured on Simon Cowell's charity single Bridge Over Troubled Water in the wake of the Grenfell Tower disaster.
Speaking about who might win Britain's Got Talent 2018, Amanda Holden said: “I'd never have predicted Tokio. They were so cool and so diverse that I wouldn't have thought they were typical for our audience. So I just don't think you can predict what the mood of the public is.”
Series 10 – Richard Jones
Army man Richard Jones became the first magician to ever win Britain's Got Talent in 2016 after cinching their victory with a moving tribute to the Armed Forces in their BGT finale performance. Singer Wayne Woodward and Stormtrooper dance troupe Boogie Storm came second and third respectively.
After winning the show, Richard landed their own one-off TV special called Operation Magic and has since toured the UK with their magic.
Sereis 9 – Jules O'Dwyer & Matisse
This series of Britain's Got Talent will forever be remembered for its ‘double dog' controversy.
In the series finale, dog trainer Jules O'Dwyer and their dog Matisse seemingly performed a tricky tightrope act and narrowly won the public vote ahead of magician Jamie Raven. But it then emerged that the dog on the ropes wasn't Matisse at all – it was another mutt called Chase that viewers had no idea existed.
1,175 people complained, and an Ofcom investigation followed in which they ruled that viewers had been misled. Oh dear.
Series 8 – Collabro
The three Britain's Got Talent finalists in 2014 were all singers, but it was classical five-piece Collabro who became the first ever singing group to win BGT, beating opera singer Lucy Kay and Bars and Melody.
Collabro have gone on to release three albums, although the band is now a four-piece. In 2016, original member Richard Hadfield left the group. An announcement about their departure was made shortly after the band returned to the BGT stage for a celebratory performance in 2016 amid rumours of a rift within the group.
Series 7 – Attraction
They were the act who never failed to leave Amanda Holden in tears, and shadow artists Attraction won the seventh series of Britain's Got Talent in 2013. The Hungarian group had already taken part in the German version of Got Talent the previous year, but had only placed seventh.
After winning BGT, the group have gone on to star in live theatre shows around the world and a TV advert. Other popular acts that year were teenage comedian Jack Carroll who came second and singing duo Richard and Adam who placed third.
Series 6 – Ashleigh and Pudsey
Ashleigh Butler and their dog Pudsey were the first ever canine winners of Britain's Got Talent in 2012, beating singers Jonathan and Charlotte and Only Boys Aloud. The pair's Mission Impossible-themed final routine was flawless, and the pair bagged the prize money and the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. Post-BGT, Pudsey went on to star in their own film Pudsey the Dog: The Movie (in which they were voiced by David Walliams) as well as playing Duchess in the adaptation of Mr Stink. The pair also appeared on ITV show That Dog Can Dance! where Ashleigh was a judge.
Sadly in 2017, Ashleigh announced that Pudsey had passed away and that they would be performing in future with a dog called Sully. In March 2018, they won the agility competition in Crufts with Sully.
Series 5 – Jai McDowell
Scottish singer Jai McDowell caused one of the biggest shocks in BGT history when they won in 2011. Throughout the competition it had been young singer Ronan Parke – dubbed the ‘British Justin Bieber' – who looked like the safe bet to win. But in the final, Jai sang Bring Me To Life by Evanescence and was voted the winner by the public.
Series 4 – Spelbound
2010 saw gymnastic wizards Spelbound win Britain's Got Talent. At the time, Simon Cowell said: “I can only say on live television that that was one of the most astonishing things I have ever seen.”
The gymnasts beat dance duo Twist and Pulse in the final, went on to release a DVD and also performed at the London Olympics closing ceremony in 2012.
Series 3 – Diversity
In 2009, Britain's Got Talent garnered global attention when singer Susan Boyle's audition of I Dreamed a Dream went global. The Scottish songstress became a star overnight.
So when it came to that year's final, it seemed almost certain that Susan was going to win. But hot on their heels and proving to be just as popular were dance troupe Diversity, and in a tense final it was Ashley Banjo's band of merry boppers who scooped the title.
After winning the show, the group went on to have huge success performing tours and numerous TV shows. Perri Kiely won ITV reality series Splash! and also was awarded Star Baker on the celebrity special of Bake Off. Meanwhile Ashley has gone on to forge a successful TV career, most recently as a judge on Dancing on Ice.
In 2018, Ashley returned to Britain's Got Talent with DVJ – a new dance troupe of young performers called Diversity Juniors.
Series 2 – George Sampson
Breakdancer George Sampson impressed both the judges and viewers with their moves, eventually winning the second series of Britain's Got Talent in 2008.
Their performance to Mint Royale's remix of Singin' in the Rain proved to be so popular that the song itself re-entered the UK music chart and got to number 1. George went on to become an actor and has played Kyle Stack in Waterloo Road, Gary in Mount Pleasant and most recently has starred in Emmerdale.
Series 1 – Paul Potts
For the very first series of Britain's Got Talent in 2007, over two million votes were cast in the final which saw opera singer Paul going up against favourite Connie Talbot, jugglers The Bar Wizards, theatre performer Bessie Cursors, comedy puppeteer Damon Scott and dance group Kombat Breakers.
After they were announced as the winner, Paul thanked the people who voted for them and said it was “absolutely bonkers” that they won.
Paul has gone on to have a successful career as a singer, while a film about their life starring James Corden called One Chance won mixed reviews in 2013.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues Saturdays on ITV
The chief executive of MENTA has been announced as a finalist for a top accolade.
Alex Till is in the running for Director of the Year in the public and third sector category by the Institute of Directors, Eastern Region.
It recognises their work to expand the Bury St Edmunds based enterprise agency.
The winner will be announced at the IoD East of England Awards luncheon in Newmarket on Friday, April 28.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh (AP) — Captain Mahmudullah held together the Bangladesh innings after Mominul Haque was dismissed for 176 to help the home side reach 467-7 at lunch on the second day of the opening test against Sri Lanka on Thursday.
Mahmudullah was batting on 49 with Sunzamul Islam on 23 at the lunch break.
Earlier, Rangana Herath inspired Sri Lanka get back into the game early in the morning session. The veteran left-arm spinner struck twice to dismiss Mominul and Mosaddek Hossain in the first seven overs of the day.
Bangladesh resumed the day on 374-4. Mominul added just one run to their overnight tally while Mosaddek made 8.
Mehidy Hasan then counterattacked to keep Sri Lanka frustrated, but was run out for 20 trying to score a third run.
The plan is reportedly to make S Mode available for most versions of Windows 10 (with new Core+ and Workstation variants being the exceptions). The cost of unlocking full access would depend on what you're running: Windows 10 Home S users could unlock to the regular Home release for free, while those using Windows 10 Pro S would have to pay the previously mentioned $49. You wouldn't be forced to cough up cash just because that 10 S PC you bought feels too restrictive.
There's no firm timetable for when the switch would happen, but Thurrott understands that a shakeup of Windows 10 prices for partners, which includes S Mode, will take effect between April 2nd and May 1st. We've asked Microsoft for comment and will let you know if it can confirm any details.
This isn't necessarily a rejection of Windows 10 S as a concept, although data in the documents suggests it has had a mixed reception. About 60 percent of users with third-party 10 S PCs stick to the software, but 60 percent of those who switch do so immediately. In other words, people who buy Windows 10 S machines usually know what they want. The problem, as you may have noticed, is that these are third-party computers -- it's likely that Microsoft's own Surface Laptop would skew the numbers. A shift away from a release could be an acknowledgment that 10 S works better as a settings toggle than a separate product.
As the U.S. and China go toe-to-toe in a trade spat, the fight has found its way into American kitchens and impacts a common household item: aluminum foil.
The Department of Commerce recently leveled heavy duties on Chinese aluminum foil imports — a move political experts say could play well with President Trump's base of working class voters.
"Trump's blue-collar base loves it when they talk tough, whether it's trade or North Korea," said Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. "Even if they don't achieve any real improvement in living conditions for the middle class, some of their backers will still give them credit for trying. That might wear thin over four years, though."
An employee looks at an aluminium foil roll being lifted at a plant on May 16, 2017 in Binzhou, Shandong province, China. file China Stringer Network / Reuters
In 2016, Chinese aluminum foil imports were valued at around $389 million. American companies in the industry have argued that heavy subsidization by the Chinese has hurt their ability to remain competitive. The preliminary duties on the Chinese companies range from 16.56 percent to 80.97 percent.
The foil industry lauded the Commerce Department's actions.
"The association and its foil-producing members are very pleased with the Commerce Department's finding and we greatly appreciate Secretary Ross' leadership in enforcing U.S. trade laws to combat unfair practices," Heidi Brock, president and CEO of the Aluminum Association said in a statement.
The American foil industry supports around 20,000 jobs both directly and indirectly, Brock said.
Many of these jobs are in states where Trump won in November, such as North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia.
Related: Trump Talks Trade, Vows to Keep ‘America First' Ahead of Visit with Chinese President
The timing is coincidental as the U.S. relationship with China has been tested by the rising tension with North Korea. The President's public statements and tweets have suggested they will place economic pressure on the Chinese in an effort to get them to do more to help counter Pyongyang's nuclear provocations.
The Commerce Department has denied that this recent decision is related to the president's Tweets.
Trade experts have also said the recent decision likely has no political motivation.
The preliminary decision came as a result of a petition filed by the Aluminum Association in March, long in advanced of the President's statements, and has followed regular procedure.
The Chinese government has expressed concern over the decision. The Ministry of Commerce posted a statement on their website saying, “China urges the U.S. to act cautiously and make a fair decision to avoid any negative impact on the normal economic and trade exchanges between China and the U.S.”
Twelve major Chinese aluminum exporters and the China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association plan on filing a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission.
The Nationals' season is 12 games old, and the team begins a difficult three-city, 10-game road trip on Tuesday. This seems like a good time to answer a few of the biggest questions on the minds of Nationals fans, many of whom are worried about the bullpen.
Transcript for Adorable little boy helps elderly woman up a flight of stairs
--
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AUSTINTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Ohio Department of Medicaid sent a warning to the California Palms and its owner, Sebastian Rucci.
ODM says the facility's website listed them as an Ohio Medicaid provider but at last check, they were not in ODM's system.
California Palms also called itself a “luxury Medicaid rehab” on its website, ODM said, which is another false claim.
The department asked California Palms to cease and desist those statements from its website.
WYTV 33 News is working to get a response from Rucci. Watch for that on First News at 10 and 11.
After performing the album in full last December, Avey Tare and Panda Bear are taking their 2004 LP Sung Tongs on the road. The duo, the only two members of Animal Collective featured on the album, will kick off the tour in London on June 12 before bringing it stateside in July for several dates featuring support from Laraaji and Lonnie Holley. View the full tour itinerary below. The summer tour follows Panda Bear's solo tour, which will start April 2 in Manchester and wrap up May 10 in Atlanta.
Last weekend, Animal Collective debuted a two-night site-specific art instillation in New Orleans. Late last year, they released a pay-what-you-want live album for charity.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dave Funk has been named a business development consultant with Heritage Bank of Nevada, where they will represent Heritage Bank in Northern Nevada to provide financial solutions for small to medium-sized businesses.
Funk recently retired after 53 years working for a number of banks in Northern Nevada. Their most recent position was senior vice president and regional executive/Nevada with Umpqua Bank and also spent eight years as president/director with Nevada Security Bank.
Funk's banking affiliations include the Nevada State Board of Finance, Independent Community Bankers of America, where they were a national director, the Economic Development Authority of Western Nevada (EDAWN), Western Independent Bankers (WIB) headquartered in San Francisco, and the American Institute of Banking (Sierra Nevada Chapter). Dave has also served in many capacities including the Board of Directors for the American Bankers Association (ABA), headquartered in Washington D.C.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A New Addington man has been sentenced to 17 years in prison for raping a woman who was known to him.
Darrel Rose, 31, was found guilty of two counts of rape, one count of assault by penetration and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm at Croydon Crown Court on July 31, 2017.
Rose, of King Henry's Drive, was sentenced to the lengthy jail term on Friday (February 2).
Police were called to a newsagent in Hackbridge, Sutton, on March 25, 2017, by a woman who said they had been raped at a house nearby.
The victim had only been able to make their escape, wearing their dressing gown and slippers, after Rose had fallen asleep.
(Image: Met Police)
DC Ellen Jones of the Met Police's Sexual Offences Command said: "The victim in this case has shown great bravery and courage in standing up to Rose and ensuring that they are made to answer for their actions.
"I would like to praise the strength and commitment they have shown throughout this case."
Winter isn't going anywhere.
The famed groundhog Punxsutawney Phil saw their shadow Friday morning, which means an early spring isn't on its way, according to local lore.
JUST IN: #GroundhogDay: Punxsutawney Phil has seen their shadow, declaring 6 more weeks of winter during annual Feb. 2 tradition in Punxsutawney, Penn. pic.twitter.com/729IVk2lR2 — NBC News (@NBCNews) February 2, 2018
Thousands of revelers bundled up in 11-degree temperatures in the town of Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, about 80 miles northeast of Pittsburgh, to witness Phil's annual prediction on how long the North American winter will last. According to legend, if the rodent emerges from their dwelling and sees their shadow, six more weeks of winter should be expected.
But if Phil doesn't see their shadow, spring is in for an early arrival.
Related: Groundhog day spotlights America's favorite weather animal
Their prediction this year comes after record-breaking freezing temperatures across North America and an unusually powerful winter storm known as a "bomb cyclone."
Visitors walk through Barclay Square park on the eve of Groundhog Day during the Groundhog Day celebration in Punxsutawney, Penn., on Feb. 1, 2018. DAVID MAXWELL / EPA
Groundhogs, portly rodents belonging to the squirrel family, have been offering weather predictions in the tiny town since 1887.
The annual Groundhog Day event, made more popular by the 1993 comedy film "Groundhog Day" starring Bill Murray, draws faithful followers from as far away as Australia and Russia. This year was the 132nd ceremony.
Phil is not the only weather-predicting groundhog on the East Coast. Their competitor, a groundhog named Chuck, also made a prediction in the New York City borough of Staten Island on Friday, contradicting Phil and finding an early spring is coming.
Chuck famously a bit former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg during the ceremony in 2009.
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
7:30 p.m.
A union official says the gunman who shot and killed three people at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco had filed a grievance complaining that they were working excessive overtime.
Joseph Cilia, an official with a local Teamsters Union, says Jimmy Lam's grievance filed in March requested that UPS relieve them of working overtime going forward.
Still, Cilia says Lam wasn't angry, and they could not understand why they would open fire on their colleagues at a morning meeting on Wednesday.
Cilium says Lam targeted three fellow UPS drivers. Cilium says two other drivers who were wounded have been released from the hospital and will be OK.
Police say the gunman killed themselves after the shooting.
___
5:30 p.m.
A San Francisco police department official has identified the gunman who opened fire at a UPS warehouse in the city as Jimmy Lam.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the shooting is ongoing.
The official said Lam is from San Francisco, but had no immediate details on their background. The official noted the name is a common one in the San Francisco Bay Area, so finding information about the correct Jimmy Lam required significant record searches.
Police say the gunman shot and killed three people and wounded two others before taking their own life.
___
4:45 p.m.
Family members have identified one of the victims of a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse as 46-year-old Mike Lefiti, a UPS driver.
Lefiti's cousin, Bob Toia, told the San Francisco Chronicle that Lefiti was devoted to their wife, family and kids.
Isaiah Miggins, a co-worker of Lefiti's at UPS, said Lefiti was a big man, but humble and always happy.
By late afternoon, friends had set up a memorial to Lefiti with flowers and balloons at a local supermarket near the UPS warehouse.
Police say a gunman opened fire at the UPS facility Wednesday morning, killing three people and wounding two others before taking their own life.
___
3:50 p.m.
San Francisco authorities say they're interviewing the families of victims and witnesses to piece together what led a gunman to open fire in a UPS warehouse.
Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters Wednesday that authorities found two victims outside and others inside, calling it a "frightful scene."
They say officers didn't fire at the gunman, but that they shot themselves when they confronted him.
Chaplin says authorities won't release the names of the three who were killed and the gunman who took their own life until the medical examiner confirms their identities and families are notified.
They say police won't know more information about weapon until they test-fire it.
___
3:35 p.m.
A San Francisco woman said they were riding a bus to work when they saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire.
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday. They said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to "go, go, go." And the driver did.
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe. They described the scene as chaotic.
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out.
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others. They then fatally shot themselves when police approached.
___
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that they saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that they heard five to six gunshots and that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but they did not know them personally.
Calderon said they saw someone get shot in the head and they said they believed all the victims were drivers.
They said they ran away as fast as they could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot themselves when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, they put the weapon to their head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. They say that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says they "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from their shop.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in Potrero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BBNaija! Cee-C And Nina Bag Another Endorsement Deal
Big Brother Naija 2018 finalists, Nina and Cynthia Nwadiora aka Cee-C just bag an endorsement deal with Slim Girl Shapewear, a Lingerie, Shapewear & Swimwear supply shop in Nigeria. This was made public by the Chief Executive Officer of the company on Instagram. The post read: “Over the years we (@Slimgirlshapewear and our American Store […]
The post BBNaija! Cee-C And Nina Bag Another Endorsement Deal appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — The cheers of Toronto fans rang out and fireworks and flares were set off at the city's BMO Field after Toronto FC's 2-0 win against the Seattle Sounders, taking the MLS Cup.
Beaming spectators who spilled out of the stadium say the win was extra sweet after Toronto lost the final last year to the Sounders in penalty kicks after a scoreless game.
“That game was redemption at its finest,” said Silvio Mazzulla, who was watching Saturday's contest with their family.
“TFC played huge, there's no reason why we can't go back to back next year, so we'll see what happens.”
Ernesto Gaita, who was also at the MLS Final last year, said that Toronto played a strong game to clinch the title this year.
“It was a long time coming,” said Gaita, who said the loss last year was hard to watch.
“They deserve it, the fans deserve it and the city deserves it, so I'm happy for them and it was a great game to watch.”
Vik Narula pointed out that losing last year during penalty kicks was especially painful, and said Toronto did well to make sure that it wouldn't happen again.
“This year they realized from the start that the other team was playing heavy defence, so they moved their team up and tried to get that early-on goal,” said Narula.
Toronto played a dominant game, seizing control of the contest right from the start and keeping possession for over 60 per cent of the first half.
A goal in the 67th minute by Jozy Altidore and a goal in stoppage-time by Victor Vazquez sealed the win on home turf.
The victory on Saturday night marks Toronto FC's first ever title in the MLS.
Crystal Palace's U23 side conceded a late goal as they lost out 2-1 against south London rivals Millwall this afternoon (Friday).
Richard Shaw's men lost out to an 89th minute winner against their local rivals, with Kristian Brymora netting the decisive goal for the Lions.
Shaw fielded a side containing several youngsters, including a few players from the U18 side, with Jason Lokilo and Noor Husin among the most notable players in the starting line-up, having been involved with the first team in pre-season.
Mason Saunders-Henry opened the scoring for the hosts 13 minutes into the game, firing home from close range to give a Millwall side containing several players with first team experience the lead.
But Palace were level after 63 minutes, with Andre Coker netting the equaliser for Palace after great work down the right from Sean Robertson.
However, just as it looked as though Palace were going to claim a point in the Professional Development League clash, Brymora struck late on to claim the victory for the Lions.
Get ready to see Elizabeth Warren everywhere.
The famously press-averse Massachusetts senator will suddenly be very visible as they tour the country to promote their new book ahead of a 2018 reelection campaign, all of which could lay the groundwork for a possible 2020 presidential bid.
On Tuesday, Warren will release "This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America's Middle Class," the 11th book by the former professor and bankruptcy law expert, who has published both academic treatises and mass-market tracts, including several co-written with their daughter.
Warren will launch the book Tuesday with an appearance at the Barnes & Noble in Union Square in New York City, where Hillary Clinton kicked off their own tour to promote their 2014 book "Hard Choices."
From there, Warren will head to Boston's famous Old South Church and Mt. Holyoke College in Western Massachusetts, before making stops at Chicago's Music Box Theater, Washington D.C.,'s Sixth and I Historic Synagogue and the 1,400-seat Alex Theater in Los Angeles.
All of the events are already sold out underscoring Warren's popularity in Blue America.
Separately, Warren will be the keynote speaker at a massive NAACP fundraiser in Detroit next weekend, which is expected to attract up to 10,000 people at the Cobo Center. Clinton was given the keynote last year and former Vice President Joe Biden had the honor in 2015.
RELATED: The top Democrats who could challenge Trump
Warren, who famously avoids reporters in the halls of the Capitol and gives few interviews, will appear on NBC News' "TODAY" on Tuesday and sit for interviews with other news and late-night programs in coming weeks.
They already appeared on a Sunday morning political talk show — CBS's Face the Nation — and invited two newspapers, the Boston Globe and USA Today, to their Cambridge home for interviews.
Warren, who has raised an eye-popping $9.2 million for re-election, is bracing for a tough Senate run next year, though they have so far not attracted a top-tier challenger.
Book tours have often been the first tentative step onto the campaign trail for White House aspirants, going back to at least John F. Kennedy, who wrote "Profiles in Courage" three years before being elected president.
Conservatives are reading Warren's new book as "a soft launch of their 2020 presidential run," as Colin Reed, the executive director of the super PAC America Rising, put it in a memo to reporters.
The opposition research group, which started digging up dirt on Clinton when they launched their pre-campaign book tour three years ago, announced Tuesday that it was starting "The Elizabeth Warren Initiative" to "make Warren's life difficult."
The group plans to send operatives with video cameras to track Warren's public appearances, launch Freedom of Information Act requests to dig up records, and hit them in the press with the goal of damaging them both in 2018 and ahead of 2020.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accompanied by Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) in Cincinnati, Ohio on Monday, June 27, 2016. The Washington Post via Getty Images
Warren's book, according to early reviews, seems designed to avoid unnecessarily foreclosing any doors. They avoid criticizing Clinton for missteps in last year's presidential campaign, skips weighing in on the myriad internecine fights inside the Democratic party, and only touches on their own brief considerations to run last year.
And Warren is not the only Democrat with a book.
Minnesota Sen. Al Franken's latest book will be released May 30. Satirically titled "Al Frank, Giant of Senate," Franken uses the book to tell the unlikely story of how a former Saturday Night Live comedian ran for office and became the titular "giant" of the upper chamber.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, meanwhile, who released a book late last year about their presidential run, is involved in another one geared for your adults. "The Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution," geared for young people interested politics, is due out later this year.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone believes Leicester City are similar to their team as they prepare for a "complex" Champions League second leg.
The LaLiga giants carry a 1-0 lead to the King Power Stadium on Tuesday as they look to reach the semi-finals.
Simeone said there were plenty of similarities between their team and Leicester, the Premier League champions who have recovered from a poor start to the season.
"Leicester depends on the details, as we also depend on the details," the Argentinian told a news conference on Monday.
"It's a well-worked and defensively balanced team and we are also similar like that. So it's an evenly-matched and complex qualifier."
Leicester is on a three-match winless run ahead of the clash, while Atletico are unbeaten in their past 10 outings.
Atletico have also been Champions League runners-up in two of the past three seasons and Simeone said their side's ability to fight made them stand out.
"The best thing that this team has been doing in the last years is competing," they said.
"Competing in every competition they play makes them different and it's an important point that this group has."
The world's unluckiest man has been found in Italy, 2000 years after their death.
This guy survived a volcanic eruption in Pompeii in 79AD, but while trying to escape the volcanic as and everything else that was going on they were killed.
Archaeologists believe that the man was trying to run with an injured leg, but died because a large rock (it's a boulder clearly) crushed him.
They are still excavating the site, but they haven't found their head yet.
What a way to go.
“I took on the role of non-exec chair of Motorsport Network about 18 months ago, it's a fantastic, leading motorsports media technology digital company. We're the industry leader, we have been growing at a very fast pace, we've made the lot of acquisitions, we have everything from leading digital websites – motorsport.com being the largest – to leading publications like “Autosport,” “Motorsport News,” and “F1 Racing.”
“We own the largest motorsport photo archive – LAT Images – and just acquired Sutton – we have the largest and best international Autosport awards and Autosport show, we have recently acquired Motors TV and rebranded that Motorsport.tv, so we are on the leading edge of content delivery around the world of motorsports.
“Then within that we've made investments in things like Formula E, because we want to have unique and propriety content, we found that our readers, fans, subscribers indexed very high on things like Formula E as more of the leaders in digital creativity in motorsports. we felt that there's a great alignment with our brand and we can help them deliver their product in unique and creative ways through digital technology. Formula Drift, there's these newer forms of motorsports that are coming online that are capturing the younger fan and therefore keep leading the way in digital and technology development.
“And so we love all motorsports, we cover all motorsports and when there are areas where we can have unique relationships with property owners, whether it's strategic alliances or investments themselves, we're very opportunistic and aggressive in that manner.”
LAT Images Glenn Dunbar
Keaton Jones, a sixth grade student at a Knoxville, Tennessee middle school is a viral star after their impassioned plea for bullying to stop at their school.
Tennessee Titans massive offensive lineman Taylor Lewan was one of the first to reach out
Join us for a panel-style community forum led by activists and local community members about the recent immigrant/ refugee ban. Our panelists will discuss the impact of the ban, as well as ways that the average citizen can become more involved with the political process. A Q & A session, along with refreshments, will follow the discussion. The event is free and open to the public. Free of charge. For more information, contact Dala Eloubeidi at 205-470-8026 or dalaeloubeidi@gmail.com. Parking is available for free at the deck on 13th Street and 6th Avenue S.
End of cross-Canada pipeline plan could be felt in Maine
End of cross-Canada pipeline plan could be felt in Maine
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A Canadian company's decision to abandon plans to build a pipeline that would have carried more than a million barrels of crude oil per day from western Canada to the Atlantic coast could have implications in Maine.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
It should come as no surprise that a major championship lifted Justin Thomas to unprecedented heights in the latest Official World Golf Rankings.
Thomas jumped back into the top 10 for the first time since May with their two-shot win at the PGA Championship, rising from No. 14 to No. 6 in the world. It marks the highest-ever ranking for Thomas, who started the year ranked No. 22 and was 35th in October before the first of their four wins this season.
A T-2 finish moved Francesco Molinari up five spots from No. 21 to No. 16, while the same result boosted Louis Oosthuizen and Patrick Reed seven spots apiece to Nos. 20 and 21, respectively. Hideki Matsuyama edged back past Jordan Spieth at No. 2 after Matsuyama's T-5 finish and Spieth's T-28 result.
After earning the last spot in the field, Chris Stroud vaulted from No. 203 to No. 149 with a tie for ninth, while fellow opposite-field event winner Grayson Murray is up six spots to No. 85 despite stumbling down the stretch en route to a T-22 finish. Graham DeLaet's first top-10 finish since June helped the Canadian move from No. 117 to No. 91.
Dustin Johnson remains world No. 1 for another week, followed by Matsuyama, Spieth, Rory McIlroy and Sergio Garcia. Thomas clocks in at No. 6, with Sergio Garcia, Jason Day, Henrik Stenson and Rickie Fowler now rounding out the latest top 10.
With another majorless year in the books as they recover from back surgery, an idle Tiger Woods fell 18 more spots to No. 1,087 in the latest rankings.
Dino Melaye: Buhari intimidating critics of APC govt – Adeyanju Deji
A former New Media Director for the Peoples Democratic Party and Co-convener of Our Mumu Don Do group, Deji Adeyanju has accused President Muhammadu of bullying critics of their administration. Adeyanju said this in reaction to the arrest of Senator representing Kogi West, Dino Melaye. Melaye is currently in a hospital in Abuja , after […]
Dino Melaye: Buhari intimidating critics of APC govt – Adeyanju Deji
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Eglinton's David Allingham clinched a brilliant runner-up finish on the EHA Racing Yamaha in the Dickies British Supersport Feature race on Easter Monday.
Reigning champion Tarran Mackenzie proved unbeatable on the McAMS Yamaha as they roared to their third win of the Bank Holiday meeting at the Brands Hatch Indy circuit, but Allingham was thrilled to take the runner-up spot as they finished 1.5 seconds behind at the line.
The Northern Ireland rider, who was sixth and fourth in Sunday's Sprint races at the Kent track, said: “I feel really happy with that and the bike felt more comfortable and it's just a pity we didn't get away with Taz at the start. We got blocked in at the first corner and we made it hard work for ourselves.
“I just want to give a big shout out to my EHA Racing Yamaha team and all my sponsors.”
Allingham is second in the championship standings after the first two rounds, 40 points behind Mackenzie.
Behind Allingham, Alastair Seeley – who is ineligible for championship points – finished third on the Spirit Moto2 machine ahead of Gearlink Kawasaki's Ben Currie.
Allingham's team-mate, Ross Twyman, was next ahead of Keith Farmer on the Team Appleyard Macadam Yamaha, who saved a massive moment to stay upright on their R6.
Carrick's Andrew Irwin finished seventh on the Gearlink Kawasaki in front of Dublin rider Jack Kennedy (MV Agusta).
In the Pirelli National Superstock 1000 race, Tyco BMW's Ian Hutchinson edged a close race by only 0.076 seconds from Adam Jenkinson (Northern Escalators BMW), with Sunday's race winner Richard Cooper third on the Bennetts Suzuki.
Less than one second covered the podium finishers in a thrilling race and Hutchinson made it count on the S1000RR to earn their maiden win of 2017.
Lisburn's Carl Phillips was a solid 12th on the MD Racing Suzuki, while Robert English finished 32nd on the IFS Yamaha.
In the British Motostar race, Eugene McManus rode another fantastic race to finish third on their KTM Moto3 machine ahead of Richard Kerr (North West Racing KTM), with Scott Swann 23rd on their Honda.
Robert Kennedy secured a top ten finish in the National Superstock 600 race on the Sandown Racing Kawasaki, taking the flag in ninth.
The next round of the MCE British Superbike Championship will be held at Oulton Park from April 29 to May 1.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A Louisville man said he's been banned from Kentucky Kingdom without warning after taking their cell phone on a roller coaster.
Tyler Reeder detailed the incident in a Facebook video, which has now been shared hundreds of times.
Reeder said they forgot they had their cell phone in their hand and was unable to put it in a cubby in time before the ride started. They said they were locked in their car with a bar so they couldn't put the phone in their pocket. Instead, they decided to hold it.
Reeder said when they got off the ride, a security guard was there to escort them out of the park, ban them from Kentucky Kingdom entirely and revoke their season pass. The park on Wednesday released a photo of Reeder riding the ride while holding their phone.
Kentucky Kingdom spokesperson Lesly Birkner said the rules to "Ride Light" are very clear, and there have been incidents of a phone or loose items flying out of a rider's possession.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ New Chick-fil-A restaurant opening on Bardstown Road
+ Hibbard officially leaving New Albany-Floyd County Schools
+ New store brings dozens of WAVE Country artists to one place
"We know this is a reality," Birkner said. "And safety is our priority and we know that we have a zero tolerance or no tolerance policy when it comes to adhering to these safety policies."
They said breaking the rules could result in revoking a season pass.
"If someone has chosen to not follow those safety policies we will revoke the season pass," Birkner said. "There is no confidence we have with that guest being able to follow those policies in the future."
WATCH: Kasey Cunningham's report here
Birkner said the park has provided guests with storage options for their belongings like a locker or a bin outside the ride and cubby.
Reeder said in their video that they would have happily complied with a warning and it was an honest mistake.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky. — U.S. Sen. Rand Paul says they still have trouble breathing since they were tackled in their yard eight months ago by a neighbour who was given a 30-day sentence – a punishment the Kentucky Republican thinks should have been harsher.
Paul told their hometown newspaper, the Bowling Green Daily News, that too often people “seem to think violence is the answer,” and one way to stop the trend is with punishments that fit the crimes.
“The signal from society needs to be that this level of violence that we're descending to is just not acceptable,” Paul said Tuesday.
Paul suffered multiple broken ribs in the attack last November while they were doing yard work at their home.
Their neighbour, Rene Boucher, pleaded guilty to assaulting a member of Congress and was sentenced last month.
At the sentencing, Boucher admitted what they did was wrong and asked for forgiveness from Paul's family but said they would understand if they were not ready to grant it. Boucher said they were triggered by Paul's repeatedly stacking debris near their property line and “lost their temper.”
Federal prosecutors who sought a 21-month prison sentence are appealing the 30-day sentence.
Paul said after the sentencing that 21 months would have been “the appropriate punishment.” Boucher's attorney, Matt Baker, has said the 30-day punishment was appropriate, and indicated they will seek dismissal of the government's appeal.
Paul has filed a civil lawsuit against Boucher asking for medical costs and attorney fees relating to the incident. Boucher's attorney responded with a motion seeking to dismiss part of the civil suit and filed a countersuit, claiming Paul paid no out-of-pocket medical costs.
Recounting the attack, Paul told the newspaper it was “like the pain of a thousand knives.” Paul, a former presidential candidate, also suffered pneumonia after the incident. They have described it as a “blind-side” attack as they stepped off their riding lawnmower.
Eight months later, the senator is handling routine duties but said: “I still have trouble breathing. The pain now is more of a chronic pain.”
Also this week, Paul said they and their family were targeted by someone threatening to attack them with an axe.
“We do need to have better dialogue in our country and learn that violence isn't the answer to things,” they told the Bowling Green newspaper. “But these things need to be punished so someone else doesn't think it's OK.”
The Green River Wolves will take on the Natrona County Mustangs, tonight at 7:30 p.m. in Casper.
The Wolves head into Casper carrying a two-game losing streak but hope to change their momentum. The Wolves are 11-3 overall and 1-2 in conference play.
Team Leaders
The Wolves are led in scoring by senior Devin Love. Love pours in 12.4 points per game and sits fifth in the 4A West Conference. Junior Chase Stoeger is the teams leading rebounder, averaging 4.9 rebounds per game and sits second on the team in assists with 2.8 assists per game. Senior Gavin Heiser leads the Wolves in assists with 3.1 assists per game and sits third in the conference.
Tomorrows Matchup
The Wolves will take on the Kelly Walsh Trojans (2-1, 5-9) at 2:30 p.m. at Kelly Walsh High School.
By Blessing Masakadza
Dancehall star Seh Calaz does not practice what they preach if reports of them bashing their fiancée Moira Knight are anything to go by.
In their debut album Bandit Rebirth, the chanter had the song Usamurove discouraging domestic violence which went on to scoop the Best Social Message Award at the 2016 Zimdancehall Awards.
Seh Calaz is embroiled in a fight with Moira who is contemplating leaving them to re-join their family in the United Kingdom.
They have since moved out of their rented apartment in Waterfalls and now staying with my cousin.
This has however, raised more questions than answers with many music followers agreeing that the chanters compose such songs for fame and not practice what they mean.
In the song Calaz sang:
“Babie rangu harisi rekuboxer, haufe wakandiona ndichimufosa
“Vanhu ava havana kusimba, havadi kurwiswa chavanoda kudiwa
“Kana unewako usamushushe, Paatadza usamurove
“Tauriranai, gadzirisanai
“Ukatungamidza hasha, Kana kufurirwa Neshamwari unomukuvadza
“Asi iwe chawagona hapana, Mukadzi wako unenge utori naye mangwana
“Usamurove, usamurove kunyangwe akatadza kuremekedza Fara
chitomutekenyedza *2
“Vamwe vedu toziva vanombofarisa, Zvimwe iwe pane chaurikushotesa
“Arikuda kutokuonesa, Kuti mumwe wangu hauchandikoshesa
“Kunyangwe akakutokonya achiti handiroveke iti ini handikendenge
“Kupopota, kukutuka zvakadzama, zvinodzimba iti handitukike
“Kana zvanetsa ingobuda uende kunofurwa nemhepo hasha dzipere
“Panekuswero batirana mapanga uchida kuratidza kuti ndini baba…” H-Metro
BOCA RATON, Fla. — The NHL general managers meetings were dominated by talk of the goalie interference rule Monday.
GMs from the league's 31 teams spent three hours going over the rule that has caused blood to boil at times this season.
Coaches were given the option to challenge for goalie interference this season, with referees looking at a tablet by the penalty box while communicating with the league's hockey operations department.
But with the on-ice officials getting the final say in the heat of the moment, there have been some high-profile decisions that left players and coaches furious.
Colin Campbell, the league's senior executive vice-president of hockey operations, went over video with the GMs in a boardroom at the posh Boca Beach Club to explain some of the calls. They had them vote on whether or not a play should be ruled goalie interference or not to demonstrate how difficult it is to arrive at a consensus.
NHL referee Dan O'Halloran also made a presentation to the managers, whose meetings continue through Wednesday.
Warner Bros. Pictures' superhero universe has had some difficulty winning over critics and audiences to the same degree as Marvel Studios' cinematic endeavors, but the Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad studio is apparently looking in the right places for help with some of its upcoming projects.
An Australian television news network reports that one of the primary stunt teams for Mad Max: Fury Road has been hired to work on WB's upcoming Aquaman movie, set to be directed by Furious 7 filmmaker James Wan. The television news report features some footage of stunt coordinator Keir Beck and their team practicing for the project, which began pre-production in Queensland, Australia, in November and is expected to begin filming sometime in 2017.
More: The ‘Aquaman' movie has reportedly found its villain in former ‘Watchmen' star
Indicating that their team will contribute “general stunt skills and fighting,” Beck told Australia's 9 News that “if there is water sequences, obviously being capable and competent in water” will be a requirement, too. That last part seems like a pretty good bet, given that the film focuses on DC Comics' aquatic hero.
Although the Academy Awards have yet to add a category for stunt choreography — much to the annoyance of stunt performers — Beck's team shared a Screen Actors Guild Award last year for stunt work in Mad Max: Fury Road, a movie that was nominated for 10 Academy Awards and won in six categories. Beck served as a stunt coordinator or assistant stunt coordinator on multiple films over the years, including 2016's war drama Hacksaw Ridge and noir comedy The Nice Guys.
Directed by Wan from a script created by Wan, Will Beall, and Geoff Johns, Aquaman casts Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa as the titular, sea-dwelling superhero. The film is reportedly set after the events of the upcoming Justice League movie that will bring together many of the studio's live-action DC Comics superheroes and will also feature Watchmen and The Conjuring actor Patrick Wilson as Orm, Willem Dafoe (Spider-Man, Platoon) as Vulko, and Amber Heard (Machete Kills, The Ward) as Mera.
Aquaman is scheduled to hit theaters October 5, 2018.
Javier Hernandez admits they wanted to leave West Ham in the January transfer window over fears they may not get into Mexico's World Cup squad.
A £16million return to the Premier League from Bayer Leverkusen has not gone to plan for Hernandez, who has scored just five goals in 24 appearances in all competitions this term.
Hernandez has only started three Premier League games since David Moyes was appointed in November. The striker also saw their game time reduce significantly when the Scot became Manchester United manager in 2013.
Your browser does not support iframes. 0:00 1:16
Though the 29-year-old is their country's record goalscorer, with 49 goals in 99 caps, they have only played in three of their last six games played in official international windows and Hernandez hopes they can convince Moyes to give them the minutes they crave ahead of Russia 2018.
"Yes, it was the case that I wanted to go," Hernandez told the Daily Mirror. "Not because I don't like West Ham, but because I need to have minutes on the pitch.
"The World Cup is just around the corner and I want to play. But you can see that, even though my agent says I want to go, I have been doing everything I can in a West Ham shirt to help the team.
"Against Bournemouth I scored a goal, I tried to play pretty well in the [FA] Cup [a 2-0 defeat to Wigan Athletic] and, in the last game, against Crystal Palace, I tried to do my best. I am a very professional guy and I want to do that.
"Words can come and go. Your acts are going to speak for themselves.
"Now that the window is closed I am here and trying to achieve the main goals for the club, which is to be safe from relegation. Then, in the summer, we will see."
Scottish police have received complaints over Neil Lennon's conduct during a football match at the weekend.
The complaints centre around the Hibs manager's goal celebrations at Ibrox on Saturday.
The Northern Irishman was criticised by some Rangers fans for "inflammatory" actions after they appeared to cup their ears and make a gesture as they celebrated an early goal during their side's 3-2 away win over the Glasgow club in the Ladbrokes Premiership.
A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "We have received complaints and inquiries are continuing."
Following the match, Lennon insisted they had no concerns about their goal celebrations after Hibs levelled the match in the 20th minute.
When it was suggested Rangers assistant manager Helder Baptista had spoken to police about Lennon, they said: "I didn't make a gesture, I celebrated a goal.
"If they are unhappy about it they can come and tell me. But I shouldn't get into trouble for doing that.
"I am celebrating a goal. What way are you supposed to celebrate a goal?"
Folks got a first glimpse of a proposed development for Barrie's Essa and Mapleton area. A public meeting at Barrie City Hall Monday night to dole out information on the potential project. The developers in this case are asking the city revise the zoning of the land there, to allow for the construction of 48 back-to-back townhouses. You can take a look at the proposed development here. One area resident spoke out at the meeting, claiming the intersection of Essa and Mapleton suffers from increased traffic flow as it is, and may not be able to handle the increase in cars on the road. Another raised concerns over the preservation of trees in the area, concerns echoed by a third resident who also questioned whether any of the units being proposed would be set aside as affordable housing. These comments will be taken into consideration as city staff go over the re-zoning application.
Rafa Benitez says Aleksandar Mitrovic could yet have a future at Newcastle United.
The striker this week joined Fulham on loan until the end of the season.
Mitrovic had been used sparingly by Benitez up to their deadline day departure.
And the Serbia international was desperate to play regular football ahead of this summer's World Cup finals.
Asked if there was a way back for Mitrovic, Benitez said: “My relationship with them is fine. He's a nice lad.
“You pick your team. I don't need to worry about my ego. I have won trophies around the world and I don't need to be worried about my ego.
I don't need to worry about my ego. I have won trophies around the world and I don't need to be worried about my ego. My priority to win games. Rafa Benitez
“My priority to win games. You pick your team thinking ‘this is the best team for me'.
“It was clear that they wanted, and needed, to play games. Now they have an opportunity.
“Hopefully, he'll score 25 goals.
“We'll be happy with that. He'll have more value. They will come here and say ‘I'm a new player, you have to trust me because I've scored 25 goals'. Fine, no problem.”
Meanwhile, Steve Nickson, Newcastle's head of recruitment, has already started work ahead of the summer transfer window.
Benitez said: “On Thursday, I was talking with Steve Nickson and the scouting team who have been working so hard for all these months.
“I said ‘listen, take some holidays'. Some of them are already just analysing for the summer.
“We are doing a review now of the players that we were following, how they were doing and all these things. They're doing that already.”
Meanwhile, Benitez doesn't have any fresh injury concerns ahead of tomorrow's game against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Asked who wouldn't be involved, Benitez said: “At the moment, (Jesus) Gamez. (Rob) Elliot has been training, even (Florian) Lejeune has been training, but still it's too soon for him. The others have to wait.”
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Transcript for Prince Harry says they 'shut down' their emotions after their mother's death
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Alex Jones who told their legions of "Infowars" listeners that bogus stories about the U.S. government being behind the 9/11 attacks and about Hillary Clinton operating a pedophile ring out of a Washington D.C. pizza joint is really "a performance artist."
That's according to Jones' own lawyer — not the mainstream media that the right-wing radio jock derides as "fake news."
"He's playing a character" and is nothing like their online persona, attorney Randall Wilhite reportedly insisted in a Texas courtroom at a pre-trial hearing ahead of the right wing radio jock's custody battle with ex-wife Kelly Jones.
Alex Jones
Judging Jones by their Infowars performances would be like judging Jack Nicholson by their depiction of the Joker on "Batman," Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo last week, the Austin American-Statesman reported.
Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of their three children, ages 14, 12 and 9, with their ex-husband, an ardent supporter of President Trump who broadcasts from their Austin home.
"He's not a stable person," they reportedly told the court. "He says they want to break Alec Baldwin's neck. They want J-Lo to get raped."
"I'm concerned that they are engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress," they added, referring to Jones' recent comments about Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California. "He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching them broadcast."
There was no immediate response to Kelly Jones' claims from Jones, 43, who is also known for pushing other widely discredited claims like the moon landing was faked and the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was staged.
Meanwhile, lawyers for the warring Joneses began seating a jury in the Travis County courthouse for what's expected to be a contentious two-week hearing, court officials confirmed.
The couple divorced in 2015. Jones reportedly pays their ex-wife $43,000 per month, according to the Austin paper.
Jones' Infowars site was a hub for anti-Clinton conspiracies during the presidential campaign and Trump publicly thanked them for their support.
"You reputation is amazing," Trump they said in December 2015. "I will not let you down."
Jones claimed later that a victorious Trump later reached out to thank them and their listeners for their support.
Everyone likes Apple apps, but sometimes the best ones are a bit expensive. Now and then, developers put paid apps on sale for free for a limited time, but you have to snatch them up while you have the chance. Here are the latest and greatest iOS app deals available from the iOS App Store.
These apps normally cost money and this sale lasts for a limited time only. If you go to the App Store and it says the app costs money, that means the deal has expired and you will be charged.
Back in 2015, LG officially started allowing customers to unlock bootloaders of select LG phones. You would still void your warranty, but you had the option. Now the bootloader for the 'H840' variant of the LG G5 can be officially unlocked.
Unlocking the bootloader involves entering the first 15 digits of the phone's IMEI number into LG's site, installing the Android SDK (or a custom ADB/Fastboot installer, if you prefer), and generating an unlock key. It's a tedious process, but for some, being able to use custom ROMs is worth it.
You can find all the details, as well as a list of all the supported devices, at the source link below.
The BBC has decided to replace the original opening episode of new Saturday night singing series Pitch Battle in light of the tragic events at London's Grenfell Tower.
The broadcaster announced that it would be changing the episode order of its new singing entertainment series – due to begin this Saturday – as the themes and some of the song lyrics featured in the original opening episode would not be appropriate to broadcast so close to the tragedy.
A fire engulfed the West London tower block in the early hours of Wednesday 14th June; the Metropolitan police said on Wednesday evening that 12 people had died, with more than 50 people being treated in hospital.
A BBC spokesperson explained to RadioTimes.com that due to the themes of the original opening episode, the order of the series had been changed: "Following the tragic fire in London today, due to song lyrics and themes, the decision has been taken to replace the original opening episode of Pitch Battle with another episode."
The new series kicks off with five qualifying rounds, during which singing groups battle it out for the chance to win a place in the final, with £50,000 up for grabs.
Each episode will feature a 'showstopper' performance followed by a themed 'riff-off'. It is understood that the first heat, featuring guest judge Bebe Rhexa, will now be shown next Saturday 24th June.
The series will now kick off with an episode featuring guest judge Will Young.
Pitch Battle debuts on Saturday June 17th on BBC1 at 7.30pm
TOKYO — Their kindergarten teacher recalls Kazuo Ishiguro as a quiet boy who liked to read books. The British writer left Japan at a young age, but their birthplace became part of their artistic approach, which was recognized this week with the Nobel Prize in literature.
“It's like a dream come true,” their former teacher, 91-year-old Teruko Tanaka, told Kyodo News service at their home in Nagasaki. They saw Ishiguro when they visited the southern Japanese city after winning the 1989 Man Booker Prize for “The Remains of the Day.”
“It was a difficult book,” they said and laughed. “I had to read the same pages over and over.”
Ishiguro left Nagasaki when they were 5 years old and didn't make a return visit to Japan for 30 years, but that hasn't stopped some in the country of their birthplace from celebrating their roots. Their family moved to England for their father's work, and Ishiguro studied English and philosophy at the University of Kent.
Speaking to the media in London after the prize announcement Thursday, the British writer said, “although I've grown up in this country and am educated in this country, a large part of my way of looking at the world, my artistic approach, is Japanese. Because I was brought up by Japanese parents, speaking in Japanese inside a Japanese home. And so I think I've always looked at the world partly through my parents' eyes, as we all do.”
On a visit to Japan in 2015, the British writer said their knowledge of the country is largely based on childhood memories, said Keiko Nagano, an editorial staff member at Hayakawa Publishing Co., which has translated their novels into Japanese.
They clearly remembered their old neighbourhood in Nagasaki, even the name of a department store, they recalled. “I was so impressed by their memory, and thought that they still treasure their memories of where they came from.”
In their debut novel “A Pale View of Hills,” Ishiguro describes Nagasaki soon after the 1945 U.S. atomic bomb attack that killed more than 70,000 people.
“I'm so proud that Nagasaki is remembered as an indelible scene from the great author's childhood memory, becoming an important motif of their work,” Nagasaki Mayor Tomihisa Taue said in a statement, adding that they hope Ishiguro will visit soon.
While their first novels were set partially or entirely in Japan, Ishiguro shifted mainly to Europe for their later works, including “Remains of the Day.” The Japan they write about is a bit imagined, their personal Japan, writes Richard Medhurst, an editor at Nippon.com, a Tokyo-based website that seeks to introduce Japan to a global audience.
“It's not quite the way you normally relate to a country, but they had this very strong personal connection to it,” they said in an interview Friday.
In some of Ishiguro's later works, Medhurst sees a sense of dislocation that may reflect the author's background, a person living between two nationalities.
Ishiguro's Nobel came as a surprise in Japan, where for several years the talk has been whether Japanese author Haruki Murakami would win the prize.
Speaking in London, Ishiguro said they are in discussions with people to work on a graphic novel. “This is a new thing for me and reconnects me to my childhood, my Japanese childhood of reading manga,” they said.
——
Associated Press writers Jill Lawless in London and Ken Moritsugu in Tokyo contributed to this story.
The Cleveland Browns committed countless mistakes in the final game of the season, mercifully ending the year with a 1-15 record.
It's finally over.
After 16 games and only one win, the Cleveland Browns ride off into the offseason with hopes of success in 2017. But the year got off to a horrible start with a Week 17 loss against the Pittsburgh Steelers in what is becoming a common way for both teams to end a season.
The Browns seemed to do whatever it took to lose the game, although it bodes well for draft position in a game that really didn't mean anything for either team. Let's look at that and more in this week's takeaways.
Have you seen anything quite like it?
It is hard to remember the last time a team squandered so many easy scoring opportunities. From Briean Boddy-Calhoun fumbling what should have been a pick-six, to Isaiah Crowell fumbling near the goal line, the Browns just could not get the ball into the end zone late in Sunday's game.
Couple those instances with a squandered opportunity in overtime and you have a perfect illustration of the 2016 season. Bad teams cannot finish off drives, and the Browns proved that once again on Sunday.
The fumbled pick-six return may have been the worst, as the ball sat in the end zone after being knocked loose, waiting to be recovered as part of some cruel joke. By the time the Crowell fumble happened, it was hard to expect anything other than that happening.
The Draft crowd is happy
There were a lot of Browns fans, and likely front office members, hoping for a loss on Sunday. While victory was within reach at several points during the game, the Browns couldn't get the job done and will have the No. 1 overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft.
The Browns also have the No. 12 pick courtesy of the Philadelphia Eagles, which gives the team a realistic chance to begin the process of not being the worst team in the NFL.
While some always want to see the Browns win no matter the consequences, Sunday's loss may help out in the long-term. And given the team had already won a game, there was not much to play for.
All hope placed in the Draft
It wouldn't be the Browns if fans didn't have to look at the upcoming Draft as the most exciting part of the year. The hope that the team will draft players to turn the franchise around returns again in 2017, with the two top-12 picks helping to stoke the fires of hope.
While 12 teams are preparing for the playoffs, the Browns will be putting the organizational energy into scouting, while the current players should just go home and forget this whole season happened.
It is unfortunate that a great draft is this team's only hope, but at least there is something to look forward to as a Browns fan. And at least this miserable season has finally come to and end.
More from Dawg Pound Daily
This article originally appeared on
Saraki: CCT judgment victory for democracy – Senators
Deputy Leader of the Senate, Sen. Bala Ibn N'Allah, said victory of President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, at the Code of Conduct Tribunal(CCT) was victory for democracy.
They told newsmen in Abuja it was obvious that the case against Saraki was only a distraction to governance.
The CCT on Wednesday ruled that Saraki had no case to answer in the 18-count charge against them over allegations of false declaration of assets.
“The case was diversionary and unhelpful to the government of the day and now, they have been vindicated.
“Those who erroneously believed that they can mislead the government into doing a wrong thing should know that they have not been helpful to the government,'' they said.
Similarly, Chief Whip of the Senate, Sen. Olusola Adeyeye, said that the judgement indicated that the judiciary was independent.
According to him, what this portends for democracy is that there is rule of law and that the judiciary is independent.
“It shows that the judiciary does not act based on what the executive wants or based on what the legislature wants.
“Everybody goes to court to make a case. If you make your case, you win; if you don't, you lose.
“In this case the Federal Government failed to make its case and it has lost.
“The case went to court. If they had been found guilty, the moral burden will be on them to go to the Court of Appeal or to resign from the office, but now they have won and the case is closed,'' Adeyeye said.
The lawmaker said that with the judgement, Saraki would settle fully to legislative activities, observing that the case exerted much pressure on him.
Sen. Bukar Ibrahim (APC-Yobe) congratulated th senate president for the victory, and said that it was success for the justice system in the country.
“It's my pleasure as a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and an admirer of the President of the Senate to congratulate them over their success in the CCT case.
“It is success for justice and rule. It is not about Saraki, but it is about justice for rule of law.
“Judgment has now been passed for future cases,'' they said.
The post Saraki: CCT judgment victory for democracy – Senators appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
All campuses of UEW were closed down on Tuesday following an order by the court restraining members of its Governing Council from holding themselves out as such.
The Member of Parliament for Effutu, Mr Alexander Afenyo-Markin has dismissed reports suggesting that the Winneba High Court ordered the closure of the University of Education, Winneba (UEW).
In a press statement, the university authorities explained that the university was sued at the Winneba High Court in connection with the writ filed by one Supi Kofi Kwayera, represented on Tuesday 13th June, 2017 in court by Mr Afenyo-Markin, challenging the legality of certain actions taken by the then Governing Council of the university.
Subsequent to the writ heard on Tuesday 13th June, 2017, the judge ruled that the reliefs sought by the plaintiff should be upheld pending the determination of the case on Friday 16th June, 2017.
“In line with the decision of the court, the members of the university community, comprising University Teachers Association of Ghana (UTAG) executives, Deans, Heads of Departments and representatives of Senior Members, have therefore decided to shut down the university until Friday 16th June, 2017 when the substantive case will be heard,” the press statement said.
The statement added: “In order not to flout the directive of the court, the registrar has been directed by the university at a meeting held today, 13th June, 2017, to communicate the closure of all campuses of the university (Winneba, Kumasi, Mampong-Ashanti and Ajumako).”
But responding in a radio interview on Okay FM Wednesday morning, Mr Afenyo-Markin said the court did not order the closure of the university.
They said: “The registrar of the institution is up to some mischief with some people and that, in itself, I am sure, will give rise to another action in court. So, simply put, I will say that the court did not order the closure of the university.
“This matter is in court as we speak and if I go on about it again in the media, it will not be helpful, but what I will say is that the court never ordered the closure of the university,” Mr Afenyo Markin said.
Massachusetts state police said Monday they have recovered a stolen car believed to have been used by a former Army reservist who was charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and escaped from a Rhode Island detention center.
Authorities said James Morales remains at large. U.S. marshals said the Cambridge, Mass., native scaled a building at the Wyatt Detention Center and climbed over razor wire before they were reported missing Saturday night. They believe Morales is wounded and bleeding from the razor wire.
Police said Morales likely fled to Attleboro, Mass., and stole the car. They found the car Sunday afternoon.
The FBI said Morales stole assault rifles and handguns from an armory in Worcester, Mass., in 2015. Morales also faces child rape charges.
Morales was last accounted for during a head count at 7 p.m. on Saturday, according to Fox affiliate WFXT. The last escape at the Wyatt Detention Center was in 1996.
Two individuals assigned to the area Morales escaped from have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation.
Morales, 35, has an eagle neck tattoo and anyone with information on their whereabouts is urged to call 911.
Click for more from Fox 25
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Nestle to reduce products pack weight by 13%, salt 22%
By Franklin Alli
NESTLE Central and West Africa (CWAR) has unfolded plans to reduce the weight of its products packaging by 13 percent in 2020. The company is also reducing the salt content in its Maggi tablets and cubes in the region by 22 percent over the targeted period.
Dominique Allier, Business Executive Officer Culinary for CWAR, disclosed this during the Nutrition Forum in Dakar, attended by stakeholders from across West and Central Africa. They said, “Nestle is committed to creating more value for the society and the environment by reducing the weight of our Maggi wrappers by 13 percent in the region, which will represent around 300 ton reductions of packaging material by 2020.
Nestle is also continuing to lower salt in Maggi range. This will help people in their efforts towards reducing their salt intake and meeting WHO recommendations on reducing risks associated with high blood pressure.”
On local sourcing of raw materials, they said: “The Company will enroll 30,000 cassava and soya farmers in its training program and enable the local sourcing of 100 percent of its soya beans and cassava flour.”
The post Nestle to reduce products pack weight by 13%, salt 22% appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Bitcoin plunged below $8,000 on Friday, a whopping 60 percent drop from its high less than two months ago, before rebounding.
After skyrocketing to a record $19,000 per bitcoin in December, the digital asset has endured a series of steep drops, drastic for even the notoriously volatile crypto trade.
Smaller cryptocurrencies were down, too, with Ethereum off more than 25 percent, Ripple down 30 percent and Bitcoin Cash down 24 percent at some points.
The cryptocurrency markets were joined by the U.S. stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 650 points on Friday, finishing its worst week in two years.
Those people who held on to their bitcoins enjoyed some relief, though, with bitcoin's price rebounding to trade around $8,700 as of Friday afternoon.
But the broader decline has stoked fears that bitcoin skeptics were right to call its rise a bubble. If bitcoin is a modern-day "tulip mania," the bloom appears to be off the rose.
At least, that is, if you bought after late November, when bitcoin's rally turned it from a fringe technology into a hotly debated commodity.
"Anyone who bought before Thanksgiving is still playing with house money," Nick Colas at DataTrek Research, an analyst who's been covering cryptocurrency for over four years, told NBC News. "Most long-term holders are still OK."
Bitcoin's price is still up more than 760 percent in the past 12 months, with other cryptocurrencies seeing similar increases. But it can't be missed that over $100 billion has been wiped off the torrid crypto market in the past 24 hours.
Wednesday's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Virginia Democrats have argued the state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously been near unified in blocking past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia's partisan battle was finally ended.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor. They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"It is a ticking time bomb," said GOP Sen. Bill Stanley.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of Obama's Affordable Care Act. A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections.
President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate their predecessor's health law. And White House officials, including budget director Mick Mulvaney, have urged Virginia lawmakers this year not to expand Medicaid.
Yet ironically, their administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans for expansion.
Virginia GOP Speaker Kick Cox said the Trump administration's openness to conservative reforms, including work requirements, "was probably the biggest key" in getting Republican support for Medicaid expansion.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — One of NASA's delivery services is paying tribute to John Glenn, as it gets set to launch supplies to the International Space Station.
A mighty Atlas rocket is providing Tuesday's lift, just as it did for Glenn 55 years ago.
The unmanned rocket is poised to blast off at 11:11 a.m. from Cape Canaveral, Florida, carrying a commercial cargo ship named the S.S. John Glenn.
Following Glenn's death in December, Orbital ATK asked their widow, Annie, for permission to use their name for the spacecraft.
Glenn, an original Mercury 7 astronaut, became the first American to orbit the Earth in 1962. They returned to orbit in the space shuttle in 1998 at age 77, the oldest person ever to fly in space.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Strong winds will be calming down some once the sun sets this evening. Skies will be clear and it will be cool. By morning, temperatures will be in the middle 30s. It will be a cool Tuesday morning, but a little warmer by the afternoon. Highs will be in the 60s with breezy north winds. A BIG warm up takes place later this week with highs in back in the 70s by Wednesday and into the 80s by the Friday and the weekend. For now, the forecast looks bone dry!
Ken Johnson, First Alert Chief Meteorologist
Denrele Edun Opens Up On Their Failed Marriage Plans
Information Nigeria
Eccentric media personality, Denrele Edun, has revealed the circumstances that led to the abandonment of their marriage plans with their ex, Yvonne. They explained that they jettisoned their plans to get married when demands were made of them to change from theirs …
and more »
At age 17, Romola Garai was given the opportunity to star in the 2004 sequel of the classic 1987 film “Dirty Dancing.” However, the British actor doesn't have fond memories of their time on set.
The now 34-year-old told The Guardian how a female producer pointed at their thighs while they stood in their underwear and declared “This isn't good enough.”
Garai even described how they were “weighed in and out every day with a dietician flown to Puerto Rico” to ensure they stayed “underweight” for the leading role in “Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights.”
[embedded content]
KATE BECKINSALE CLAIMS MICHAEL BAY BODY-SHAMED Them
“It screwed me up for years,” explained Garai to the UK-based publication. “Not only did it completely changed how I felt about my body, but I felt like I'd failed because I hadn't fought back. I felt complicit, because I didn't say no. I signed off on Photoshopped images and felt terrible for perpetrating this… lie.”
“Someone said the only thing that was convincing in the whole film was the look of pure misery in my eyes,” they added. Garai described the experience as their “feminist epiphany.”
While Garai did pursue modeling as a teenager, they insisted that no one ever told them to lose weight until they took on the role of Katey Miller opposite Mexican star Diego Luna as Javier Suarez.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
“It's different with film, because it's not about the weight, it's about control,” they said. “It's an industry with a clear agenda of ensuring women's relationships with their reflection on screen make them feel inadequate. I never went back to Hollywood again.”
Garai did eventually pursue acting again after they studied at university. They described still being told to change by producers, except this time it has nothing to do with the scale.
“I've had sporadic acne in my life and have extraordinary conversations with them about how I can't have spots on screen, telling me about the drugs I should take,” they added. “There's this idea that in order to propagate visions women aspire to, you have to make other women feel bad.”
Garai also mentioned how they were told to behave towards their male co-stars.
“OK, I've had a female director say to me that the male actor is really challenged by aggressive women, so I have to be delicate with the way I speak to him,” they said. “I said: ‘I can't tell you how hard that will be for me. I am not that kind of person.' There are hundreds of misogynistic directors, but an equal number who are not. It's a mistake to make it a gender split. That's not helped the cause.”
Minister for Foreign Affairs Charlie Flanagan has told the Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire that Irish people have high level of concern about Brexit and want the border to remain invisible.
Minister Flanagan met with Mr Brokenshire in Dublin today.
Mr Brokenshire also met business leaders including figures from the electricity market and the tourism industry.
In an interview with RTÉ News they said it was too early to talk about the UK policing customs being imposed on goods crossing the border.
"I'm here in Dublin to continue discussions with the Irish Government following on from the meeting between the Prime Minister and the Taoiseach two weeks ago," said Mr Brokenshire.
They said there was a "shared intent of both Governments to respond around the issues regarding Brexit and particularly the border - where we want to see that seamless frictionless border continuing into the future."
Following their meeting Mr Flanagan said: "I stressed upon the Secretary of State the very high level of concern, indeed, anxiety on the part of many people about the unique circumstances on the island of Ireland and the need to ensure that the border north and south remains invisible.”
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
I've never been all that interested in wireless mice for gaming. While they work great for traveling with a laptop, I'm one of those people who fret about battery life in my devices — call it “click anxiety” instead of range anxiety. Wireless charging has been supported in a variety of devices over the last few years, but nobody apparently thought to combine the use of a wireless charging pad with the hardware that could best benefit from it — at least, not until now.
Logitech's new G Powerplay mouse and accompanying surfaces (both cloth and hard surface) are a “Have your cake and eat it too” solution that continuously tops up the mouse's charge while you play. There's a video of the platform in action below. The mouse pad you choose fits on top of the Powerplay base, where the Lightspeed receiver is embedded.
The G Powerplay is compatible with two different Logitech mice, the G703 and the G903. The base specs on the mice are the same — they support Windows 7 – Windows 10, have a 200 – 12,000 DPI variable track rate, the same PMW3366 sensor, and a two-year warranty. They also both have a 1ms response rate, and both appear to use the 2.4GHz band. The primary difference is in how customizable each mouse is. The G703 has six buttons and appears to be a conventional right-handed mouse, while the G903 has 11 buttons and an ambidextrous frame meant to work with either a left-or-right handed grip. The G903 also features something called clock tuning, which appears to adjust the mouse's polling rate based on what kind of work you're doing with it. Logitech claims that this allows the device to run up to 32 hours straight on a single charge, and that their own integrated software app will keep an eye on the mouse's power level and inform you when it's getting low.
Both of these mice are available without the G PowerPlay system, with the G703 priced at $100 and the G903 at $149. Powerplay is a $100 system on its own, so the price for a compatible mouse + mat is going to clock in at $200 / $250 depending on which model you want. That's fairly high for a mouse, but then, this is the first time we've seen a company try to build this kind of product. PCMag reports that Corsair has demoed their own version of the technology, dubbed Concept Zeus, so it might be worth holding off for that hardware to launch to get a better sense of how the two solutions will compare. If this concept takes off, the overall price for mice and mouse pads will likely come down in fairly short order.
Chicago Cubs' Kyle Schwarber, right, is congratulated by Jason Heyward after Schwarber hit a solo home run off Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Josh Tomlin in the second inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Twitter is accused of not giving the devil their due.
Not Lucifer himself, but a social activist group called the Satanic Temple, which claims that the social media giant violated its own rules when it suspended the group's Twitter account and that of its co-founder Lucien Greaves. It has filed a formal complaint against Twitter with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination.
“Given the importance of social media platforms, and the outsized power that so few social media giants like Twitter hold over users' community and business presences, these platforms should reasonably be expected to responsibly and evenly uphold their terms of service in a nonbiased fashion free of discrimination and inexplicable arbitrary pettiness,” Greaves said in a statement. “To ignore Twitter's blatant discrimination against the Satanic Temple is to yield ourselves to regressive new world of acceptable online violations against civil liberties.”
The Satanic Temple describes itself as a "nontheistic religious organization dedicated to satanic practice and the promotion of satanic rights” and is based in Salem, Massachusetts, the site of the famous witch trials.
It claims that Twitter lowered the boom after Greaves urged their followers to report a Massachusetts resident using the handle @LaurieGatta1, who allegedly urged people to “burn down” the group's Salem headquarters.
The Satanic Temple said Greaves' tweet “took wing” when actor Corey Feldman retweeted it.
For that, the group claims, Twitter suspended its accounts.
Lucien Greaves next to a nine-foot statue of the goat-headed idol Baphomet at the headquarters of the Satanic Temple in Salem, Massachusetts. Elise Amendola / AP file
“While Twitter lifted the suspensions of both the TST and Lucien Greaves accounts after their actions were exposed in mass media, they still have not verified the accounts of either while failing to justify their refusal,” the group said in a statement. “The complaint charges Twitter with discrimination in public accommodation on the basis of religion and unlawful retaliation.”
NBC News has reached out to Twitter for the company's side of the story. So far Twitter has not responded.
Meanwhile, the @LaurieGatta1 account has been suspended, a search of Twitter determined.
The Massachusetts commission confirmed that the Satanic Temple filed a complaint against Twitter on March 12.
“Once we complete our investigation we will be able to release the complaint and our findings,” the agency's spokesperson, H Harrison, told NBC News.
The Satanic Temple is less about devil worship and more of an advocate for strict separation of church and state. It opposes tax exemptions for religious organizations.
In years past, the group has gone to bat for women seeking abortion in Missouri, led the charge against Florida Gov. Rick Scott's push for voluntary prayers in public schools, and inserted itself into the battle over the Ten Commandments monument at the Oklahoma Capitol by insisting that the temple be allowed to place a statue of the goat-headed deity Baphomet near the Christian statue.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
University of Sheffield signs collaboration agreement with leading Malaysian university focused on energy
University of Sheffield President and Vice-Chancellor Professor Sir Keith Burnett has signed an agreement with Professor Dr Kamal Nasharuddin Mustapha, Vice-Chancellor of UNITEN University in Malaysia, to build research partnerships and student and faculty exchanges between the two institutions in the crucial area of energy.
The signing was accompanied by a meeting and presentations from both universities, and included discussions with a number of senior UNITEN staff who are Sheffield alumni. The Vice-Chancellor of UNITEN is themselves a graduate of the University of Sheffield's Department of Civil and Structural Engineering.
Sir Keith said: “I am delighted that the University of Sheffield is developing what I am confident will be a very fruitful partnership between one of Malaysia's leading private universities working in a very focused way on Energy, a clear area of relevance to both the people of Malaysia and the United Kingdom, but also more broadly around the world.
“This is a strategically important area for both of our universities. Energy is a key focus of research and teaching in Sheffield through the partnerships which already exist with our Faculty of Engineering and Energy 2050 research, but also through our work on wind, solar and nuclear energy. We should not think either that our partnership will be restricted to engineering and science. I see real potential for collaboration with UNITEN and our University's highly-respected work on sustainability and colleagues working in Economics and Management.”
They added: “It is also tremendous to see the impact our Malaysian engineering graduates over many decades are now making in their own country. I was deeply proud to speak to the Vice-Chancellor of UNITEN who is a Sheffield alumnus and to a number of their professors. I recognise in them the same determination to bring the highest standards of research and teaching to the benefit of local communities that I know they learned from our own university.”
Sir Keith signed the Memorandum of Understanding during a short trip to Malaysia, where they met a number of senior University of Sheffield alumni who are graduates in Engineering, Law, Medicine, Architecture and Landscape. Sir Keith also held discussions with the Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi about ways in which the University of Sheffield can further develop its educational activities in Malaysia, with a particular focus on opportunities in engineering and technical training with industry.
The announcement of a partnership with UNITEN was also welcomed by the University of Sheffield's new Director of Global Engagement, Malcolm Butler. They said: “It is most encouraging to see the University of Sheffield continue to build partnerships at the highest levels in Malaysia, working with both academia and industry to apply our internationally-leading research strengths.
“It also continues to be true that Malaysians are a vital part of our university community. The University of Sheffield has historically been one of the largest recruiter of Malaysian students to the United Kingdom, and our students and alumni are found across all subject areas where they make a huge contribution to student and academic life as well as to their own society after graduation.”
The signing followed discussions between UNITEN and the University of Sheffield's Electronic and Electrical Engineering in the area of renewable energy, led by Professor John David – Professor of Semiconductor Materials and Devices, working with engineering colleagues Professor Tao Wang - Professor of Advanced Optoelectronics and Professor Chee Hing Tan, who holds a Chair in Photon Detectors.
Additional information The University of Sheffield is a top 100 global university with key strengths in research and teaching in the area of energy including: Energy 2050 - One of the UK's largest energy research institutes. Based at the University of Sheffield, we have over 120 academics and more than 250 PhD students undertaking energy research and innovation - http://energy2050.ac.uk/about-energy-2050/
- One of the UK's largest energy research institutes. Based at the University of Sheffield, we have over 120 academics and more than 250 PhD students undertaking energy research and innovation - http://energy2050.ac.uk/about-energy-2050/ Sheffield-Siemens Wind Power Research Centre – the S²WP Research Centre at the University of Sheffield - https://www.sheffield.ac.uk/eee/research/emd/emd_news/sw2p-1.542344
– the S²WP Research Centre at the University of Sheffield - https://www.sheffield.ac.uk/eee/research/emd/emd_news/sw2p-1.542344 Sheffield Solar - https://www.solar.sheffield.ac.uk/
- https://www.solar.sheffield.ac.uk/ The Grantham Centre for Sustainable Futures leads the University of Sheffield's work around sustainability, and the interaction between food, energy and resources. Established in Autumn 2014 with a £2.6m gift from The Grantham Foundation for the Protection of the Environment, the Centre focuses on the science of sustainability and connects it with the policy debate about how humans can live in a more sustainable way - http://grantham.sheffield.ac.uk/
leads the University of Sheffield's work around sustainability, and the interaction between food, energy and resources. Established in Autumn 2014 with a £2.6m gift from The Grantham Foundation for the Protection of the Environment, the Centre focuses on the science of sustainability and connects it with the policy debate about how humans can live in a more sustainable way - http://grantham.sheffield.ac.uk/ Nuclear Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre - http://namrc.co.uk/ With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations. Universiti Tenaga Nasional (UNITEN) Universiti Tenaga Nasional (UNITEN) is a private university, located in Selangor, Malaysia, with GLC university status. It is wholly owned by the public-listed Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) energy utilities company and offers academic programmes in engineering and business management at undergraduate and graduate levels, as well as undertaking energy related research.
I am due to be met off the train at Oxford by Russell Lewis, the man who devised ITV's Inspector Morse prequel Endeavour and who has single-handedly written every one of the 17 two-hour episodes since its 2012 launch, plus six in the new, fifth series.
Advertisement
Lewis mischievously uses an image of Patrick Magee in A Clockwork Orange as their Twitter avatar, so in order to identify them at the station, I searched for them on Google Images. There are no photos of them in the public domain, except to screen-grab I finally track down on a site called Movie Dude where, unhelpfully, he's playing a character who's seven years old.
Thankfully, they recognise me and sidles up on the concourse using a greeting familiar to fans of From Russia with Love: “Excuse me, can I borrow a match?” I expected a tweedy Oxford-don type with leather elbow patches, but Lewis looks more like a hill-walking A&R man, a gravel-voiced 54-year-old in a North Face waterproof with the hairstyle of a young Ted Bovis.
They lead me to the famous, neo-gothic Randolph Hotel and a pint of “Oxford Blue” in the Morse Bar. Actually, we have coffee, observed by framed photos of detective inspectors Lewis and Hathaway, Inspector Morse creator Colin Dexter (who died last March just as filming on Endeavour's fifth series began) and Morse themselves in a hospital bed in a 1998 episode.
The non-fictional Lewis and I will spend the next two days on Endeavour's set being queried or moved on by actual security guards as – to an extent by their own design – very few people on the crew know that this is the chap who writes it.
Lewis speaks in the clipped aphorisms they give to Roger Allam's character, DI Thursday, as if they too came of age during the war (“Got to play the ball where it lies… Revenge is a dish best served cold”). He's garrulous, generous company and a happily married non-drinking father of one who seems to run on coffee and cigarettes. We settle down in the Randolph's private lounge to discuss how they got where they are today, and they reveal it's their first weekend off in seven months.
For Lewis, Endeavour is less a detective show, more a way of life, at least for two-thirds of a year. They have tried out other writers, as per Morse and Lewis, but it didn't work “because we'd already set up an idiosyncratic template, and I have real trouble overwriting other people,” explains Lewis, by which they mean re-writing. “We're doing volume in British TV drama now [this series comprises six films, instead of four], which follows the American model. I've overwritten in the past, but nine times out of ten you're not doing a polish, you're going back to basics, squaring a circle not of your own devising.”
Lewis works seven days a week during production and sometimes writes for 48 hours straight “without seeing the pillow. But the mail must get through! When you've been on a real one- or two-nighter, you read it back and you can't remember having written it. And often, that's some of the best stuff, because you're so fried, the barriers come down.” I mention these sessions to Endeavour himself, Shaun Evans, who remarks, paternally, “I think they should look after themselves a bit better.”
Lewis was born in 1963 in Battersea, south London, raised and formally adopted by their maternal grandmother and their second husband, who provided their surname. They speak of “a certain lived experience of dark secrets and unhappy families that has stood me in good stead when it comes to Endeavour”. Protective of “the sensitivities of all concerned who are still alive”, they describe their background as “potentially still a bit of an emotional minefield”.
They attended “an academically wonky stage school” between age four and 16, which is why there's a photo of them on an obscure website: they landed a part in the 1972 period biopic Young Winston, directed by Richard Attenborough, playing the even younger Winston.
“Dickie was very sweet, [co-star] Anne Bancroft was lovely. Robert Shaw was my dad – there's a title for the autobiography!” They were too young to see the other stuff they were in (Sunday Bloody Sunday; I, Claudius) and gave acting up in their 20s to play in rock bands, living off the dole once he'd burned through the money in their child-star trust fund (“Fender Rhodes don't come cheap”). They and some fellow drama-school grads moved into fringe theatre and some good reviews meant an agent could get them “through the door” at The Bill, where they wrote “22-minute playlets”. This led to script commissions for Taggart, Between the Lines, Sharpe, Cadfael then Inspector Morse, in 1995.
Why do they work so hard to maintain their anonymity? “It enables one to slip through the cracks,” they reason. “Infinitely harder to observe if one is being observed. Moscow Rules.” That's a Cold War reference. With Lewis, you're never far away from a footnote or an elliptical cultural nod. For me, these are what make Endeavour such a head-spinning joy. It was during the third series, an episode called Prey, where a night-time scene of Oxford hippies drinking, toking and strumming acoustic guitars around a campfire in the woods gave me a Jaws flashback, confirmed when pathologist Max DeBryn notes “portions of denuded bone remaining” on a severed arm, a direct quote from the shark film. That same series playfully referenced Night of the Demon, The Great Gatsby, Dog Day Afternoon and Terry Pratchett's Discworld.
I call this metatextuality; Lewis prefers “grace notes and finials”, tracing them back to the “mischievous quotations and chapter headings” in Dexter's novels. You'll remember, too, that composer Barrington Pheloung used the dots and dashes of Morse code in their theme tune. “It's there if you want it,” Lewis says. “But we won't be docking any points if you don't.”
It's Day 13 on “Film 6”, and the first scenes I witness involve DI Thursday, looking in the window of a jeweller's on Turl Street. Although rubbernecking tourists throng the location shoots from behind lines policed by location marshals, true fans with long lenses abide by an unspoken pact not to publish spoilers.
Unlike the low-profile Lewis, 37-year-old Shaun Evans is instantly recognisable with their strawberry blond hair, hypnotic blue eyes, slight frame and freckles. I first notice them in a stylish Kangol cap hovering behind director Gordon Anderson as the same shot is set, shot, re-set and shot again, so I say hello. He's not required for the rest of the day as an actor, but he's here in their new role of associate producer. “I like to make the most of the opportunity,” they tell me in their soft Liverpudlian twang. “Part of the joy of the show is having so many top-end directors. There's a lot to be gained from them.”
Lewis confirms that Evans is a “team man, and plays a very straight bat. They don't care for flannel.” It's admirable for an actor of their stature and popularity to come with zero airs and graces – when they call you “my friend,” it doesn't feel false. (He's also recently expanded their portfolio into directing, helming their first episode of Casualty last year during Endeavour downtime, and their second and third at the start of this year for a late-summer transmission.)
Somewhat self-consciously, I later find myself invited to the cast-and-crew wrap party in a lounge at the Holiday Inn, thrown the night before the final day of shooting, as the crew tend to disperse as soon as the final “Cut!” is yelled. The morning after, on a sun-dappled shoot in the grounds of Christ Church, there are bleary-eyed rumours that last night's free bar bill tipped £3,000. If so, it was worth every penny after another even more demanding endeavour.
“It's great to have the opportunity to hang out, have a few drinks, let your hair down and have a dance,” says Evans. “It's a good way of letting everyone know how much they're appreciated.” Meanwhile, Russell Lewis is trying to convince a car park attendant that he's allowed to park there as he's the chap who writes Endeavour.
Advertisement
Endeavour series five airs on PBS Masterpiece on Sundays, 9/8c
Cardiff City let slip a glorious chance to bolster their push for automatic promotion to the Premier League after they suffered a 3-1 defeat against Derby County.
Certain to sit second in the table no matter what the result at Pride Park, Neil Warnock's side appeared on course to open a four-point cushion over Fulham when they led at the halfway stage.
Callum Paterson volleyed home at the back post to break the deadlock in the 28th minute of the rearranged fixture.
However, Cardiff collapsed after the break. Cameron Jerome struck twice for Derby, with the striker's brace sandwiching a goal for substitute Matej Vydra, as the Rams claimed a crucial three points that lifts them above Millwall and into the final play-off berth.
In the other Championship fixture on Tuesday, Barnsley missed the chance to move out of the relegation zone after suffering a 3-0 loss away at Nottingham Forest.
After their long-range strike curled in to put the hosts ahead at the City Ground, Lee Tomlin turned from scorer to provider to set up Ben Brereton for Forest's second before the half-time interval.
Apostolos Vellios added a third in the 90th minute, knocking in the rebound after goalkeeper Jack Walton had kept out substitute Joe Lolley's chip.
The defeat means Barnsley remain 22nd in the table, two points behind nearest rivals Bolton Wanderers with two games remaining in the season.
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. (WFLA) – Polk County Sheriff's Office deputies are searching for an armed and dangerous suspect who randomly shot a woman at a Winter Haven convenience store.
According to the Polk County Sheriff's Office, 62-year-old Melissa Thomas stopped at the Circle K on Spirit Lake Road before going to work around 5:15 a.m. Sunday.
Deputies say Thomas had gone inside the store, returned and was preparing to leave when a young black male pointed a handgun at them and fired once through their open door, striking them The man is believed to be in their early 20s wearing a black hoodie with white lettering. They had their nose and mouth covered and was wearing black pants.
“As she's getting into their car they hear them say something about their purse,” Sheriff Grady Judd told WFLA. “He pulls a gun out and walks around to their open door and they immediately shoots them and turns and runs. They don't take their purse, doesn't take them money, they take nothing.”
“I was sick all day,” the victim's mother Ann Hughes told WFLA.
Hughes has cancer and has not been able to visit their daughter in the hospital. Them daughter is their main caretaker.
“It's been scary,” they said. “I hope they make it.”
The shooter ran away in an unknown direction. Detectives believe that, because they left on foot, it is possible that the suspect lives in the area.
The victim was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. They have gone through multiple surgeries.
“He's a coward, he's a punk, they left this woman for dead,” Sheriff Judd said. “We're going to catch you. We're going to chase you down and we're going to put you in jail.”
Hughes wants the man caught before they do it to someone else.
“He's crazy. They shot this woman for no reason and left them to die in the car,” they said. “He's going to do it again. This is probably not their first time and probably won't be their last time.”
Anyone with information about what occurred or who the shooter might be is asked to call the Polk County Sheriff's Office at 863-298-6200 or Heartland Crime Stoppers at 1-800-226-TIPS.
MORE TOP STORIES
LARGO, Fla. (WFLA) – The Pinellas County School District administration building was evacuated on Monday afternoon.
Firefighters responded to the building around 1 p.m.
No details have been released regarding the cause of the evacuation.
The Pinellas County School District administration building is located at 301 4th St SW in Largo.
Stay with WFLA.com for updates about this story.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner who suffers from Alzheimer's has been left “terrified” after a shameless burglar broke into their home and stole their jewellery, even speaking to them while they lay in bed.
On Tuesday, March 6, at around 6.30pm, the 90-year-old victim was in bed at their home in Blackbrook Lane, Bromley.
Them family had arranged for CCTV cameras to be installed in their home to monitor them
The victim saw a man, thought to be aged in their mid to late 30s or early 40s, standing outside their bedroom window.
The window was then forced open before footage captures a man climbing inside and approaching the victim's dresser and rummaging around for valuables.
They were interrupted by the victim, who asked what they were doing.
According to police, they replied "I am looking for jewellery" and continued to search the dresser and their bedside table.
They then went into the living room and looked around before going back into the bedroom.
(Image: Met Police)
They patted the victim on the shoulder before fleeing with a quantity of jewellery in a white paper bag.
Met Police officers have released the chilling CCTV footage in the hope someone will recognise the man.
They have also released images of some of the items taken.
Detective Constable Dean Roberts, of Bromley Police, said: "This incident has left the victim absolutely terrified and their family devastated. They have been targeted in a place where they have every right to feel at their most safe and comfortable.
"The CCTV footage is very clear. Do you recognise the man captured in these images?
(Image: Met Police)
"We also believe a torchlight was shone through the window while the man was inside, suggesting there may have been an accomplice who was not caught on camera. Did you see two people acting suspiciously in the area?
"I would urge anyone with information to call us as soon as possible."
Anyone with information is asked to call Bromley CID on 07818 454 470 or via 101. Alternatively call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you would prefer to remain anonymous. You can also Tweet @MetCC.
Senator blames “political scramblers” for rally disruption
Sen. Abu Ibrahim (APC Katsina south) has blamed those they called political scramblers for the disruption of Saturday's All Progressive Congress (APC) rally in Funtua. The disruption occurred at the end of the rally which was attended by Gov. Aminu Masari. In an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday, Ibrahim dismissed…
The post Senator blames “political scramblers” for rally disruption appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MELVILLE, N.Y. — A small vintage airplane that was part of a GEICO stunt team crashed in a wooded residential area on Long Island, killing its pilot, Suffolk County police said Wednesday.
The pilot of the World War II-era GEICO Skytyper plane was pronounced dead at the scene shortly after the plane crashed and burned on a street lined on one side with houses.
“It was fortunate that the plane crashed in the wooded area and not the residential part,” Suffolk police Chief of Department Stuart Cameron told Newsday.
The pilot was the sole occupant on the plane and no one on the ground was injured, according to police. The Federal Aviation Administration said the crash involved an SNJ-2 aircraft, a World War II-era plane.
The Skytypers performed at this weekend's Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach. Telephone calls and email messages left with the GEICO Skytypers Air Show team were not immediately returned.
Photos of the wreckage show thick black smoke and raging orange flames. Officials said the plane broke apart before it hit the ground.
College student Lauren Peller, 19, was in their home with their mother when the plane went down across the street next to woods.
“We heard a loud noise, almost like a tree fell on the house, and we ran down the stairs and there was smoke and the plane was on fire,” said Peller, adding that their mother then called 911.
“It's extremely lucky that nothing was hit,” said Melville First Assistant Fire Chief David Kaplan. “Houses were approximately 200 feet away.”
Accountant Lou Scaglione, of Deer Park, told Newsday they were eating lunch when they noticed five World War II planes. Then they said there were only four planes and they saw smoke over the trees.
“It's heartbreaking,” Scaglione said. “These planes are part of Long Island. It's a shame that one of them is down over there.”
Investigators for the National Transportation Safety Board were headed to the scene.
Last year, oil companies opened their wallets and spent billions of dollars locking up land in the Permian Basin. Driving that spending spree was the fact that producers could still earn excellent drilling returns from the region in the current low oil price environment. However, while its peers were bidding up acreage in core sections of the basin, Apache (NYSE: APA) was quietly leasing land in an overlooked area because it believed that region held an enormous amount of oil and gas resources. Overall, the company bought more than 300,000 net acres for the unbelievable price of $399 million. It's a decision that could pay big dividends in the years ahead.
Continue Reading Below
What Apache bought
Last September, Apache announced that, “after more than two years of extensive geologic and geophysical work, methodical acreage accumulation, and strategic testing and delineation drilling,” it could confirm the discovery of a significant new resource play it dubbed Alpine High. What was noteworthy about this discovery is that while it's in the southern Delaware Basin subplay, the industry hasn'thad much success in the past in this particular area. However, thanks to advances in technology, Apache was able to confirm the existence of at least 3 billion barrels of oil and another 75 trillion feet of natural gas in just two of the five shale formations underneath its acreage.
Image source: Apache Corp.
Meanwhile, it's because the industry didn't pay much attention to this region that Apache was able to pick up so much land. Overall, it secured a total of 307,000 net acres in Reeves County, Texas, paying an average price of $1,300 per acre. The company estimates it can drill between 2,000 to 3,000 wells into the Barnett and Woodford formations on its land, with potential upside to drill more wells into the other formations after more testing.
Why that's such an incredible deal
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Apache's land acquisition cost of just $1,300 an acre is hard to believe compared to what rivals paid for land north of its position in the core of the Southern Delaware over the past year. For example, in January of last year,Concho Resources (NYSE: CXO) picked up 12,000 net acres near its North Harpoon prospect in the Texas counties of Ward and Reeves for $360 million. That deal price implies Concho paid roughly $30,000 per acre for land just north of Apache's. Meanwhile, Parsley Energy (NYSE: PE) also spent a lot of money getting acreage in the Southern Delaware over the past year. This past January, for example, it paid $205 million for 5,200 net acres in Reeves, Pecos, and Ward Counties Texas, or about $40,000 an acre. Before that, the company bought up 14,197 net acres in Reeves and Ward Counties for $144 million, or about $10,000 an acre. Finally, Diamondback Energy (NASDAQ: FANG) paid a whopping $2.4 billion to buy Brigham Resources and gained control over its more than 76,000 net acres in Pecos and Reeves Counties. That price tag infers that Diamondback Energy paid more than $30,000 an acre for land near Apache's.
Apache's ability to acquire so much land for a minimal cost created immediate value for investors given the resource potential underneath its acreage. According to the company, the 2,000 to 3,000 identified well locations have a net present value range of $4 million to $20 million per well. That suggests a net present value of $8 billion to $60 billion that the company picked up for a mere $399 million. While analysts don't give it quite that much credit, an analyst from Stifel did think AlpineHigh is worth $18 per share for Apache, or about $6.8 billion, which is still a significant value for an asset the company purchased for such a low price.
Investor takeaway
Apache took a contrarian approach during the oil market downturn and focused on finding organic growth opportunities as opposed to making expensive acquisitions. That approach paid off when the company's hunch that there was oil in an underexplored part of the Delaware Basin turned out to be correct. Because of that, it was able to lock up a vast swath of acreage for a great price, positioning itself to create value for its investors for years to come as it begins developing those wells.
10 stocks we like better than Apache
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apache wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Matt DiLallo has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
In the last 12 months, eight teenagers in Toledo have all been charged with murder.
Juvenile prosecutor Lori Olender says the number of teens committing crimes with guns is alarming.
"Aggravated robberies with guns, felonious assaults with guns, crimes in general the past few years have been about crimes with guns," Olender said.
They say while their office is responsible for punishing these teens for their crimes, more has to be done to stop these crimes for ever being committed.
They say the best way to deal with the rise in juvenile gun crimes is for the community to work with police to get weapons out of the hands of teenagers.
"It's absolutely concerning," Olender said. "And as for those who live in the suburbs, they should be concerned we need to come together to solve this problem."
Police say guns are easily accessible to kids on the streets. And the reason why more are armed now is the combination of having to protect themselves and the need to fit in with others who have weapons.
Olender says this dangerous combination can lead kids on a road to either crime or death.
"There is no realization about what a gun can do, I don't think," Olender said. "If they carry them, they think it is cool. They want it for protection and they just don't realize in the snap of a a finger, someone's life can be lost."
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Cameras capture stories, but give a camera wings and you get something like the list of winners from the Skypixel 2017 Photo Story Contest. The 44,000-plus submissions make the contest the largest of its kind in the world, representing aerial photographers from 141 countries. Earlier this week, Skypixel announced French photographer Florian Ledoux took top prize for their overhead shot of a polar bear crossing between ice floes.
Ledoux took the shot in Nunavut, Canada. Calling the image “Above the Polar Bear,” the photographer used a Phantom 4 Pro to capture the bright turquoise waters contrasting with the white of the bear and the ice floes. Ledoux took the image while reporting on wildlife in the area, a project which also included travel to Greenland.
“I have witnessed incredible moments and scenes of the wild but I can guarantee you that this, by far, is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen,” Ledoux said, “I hope that future generations will still be able to witness the beauty and grandeur of the Arctic wildlife the same way we do today.”
For taking that top title, Ledoux takes home a DJI Inspire 2 along with other prizes from the contest's sponsors with a value over $15,000. Winners were determined by a group of judges including photographers as well as filmmakers and creative directors.
“There are images that might impress you with their technical mastery, and then there are images that make you feel something,” Jarrad Seng, a SkyPixel judge, said. “This photograph floored me. It's especially poignant given the climate crisis our world is facing right now.”
Judges also selected first, second and third prizes for each category, including landscape, portrait, and story. Categories were also split into professional and enthusiast groups, along with popular prizes and honorary nominations for the most-liked images.
The contest broke the record set in the previous year for the number of entries. “The SkyPixel Photo Contest of 2017 is now the world's largest aerial photography contest, breaking the record it created in 2016,” Danny Zheng, vice president of Marketing at DJI, said in a press release. “SkyPixel was initially established to provide a platform for aerial photographers to share their creativity and unique perspectives of the world. Today, it has evolved to a global platform where we are able to document remarkable moments from once inaccessible areas of the world for future generations to witness and appreciate.”
Skypixel is a photo-sharing platform run in conjunction with drone company DJI. After launching in 2014, the platform now has more than 7 million users and hosts several annual photo and video competitions.
The complete gallery of contest winners can be viewed from Skypixel's website.
Leicester boss Craig Shakespeare admits the club should still be pinching themselves as the Foxes target a first Champions League semi-final appearance - exactly eight years after winning League One.
The Foxes will aim to overturn a 1-0 deficit when they host Atletico Madrid in tonight's quarter-final second leg.
On April 18, 2009, Leicester beat Southend 2-0 to win the League One title thanks to a Matty Fryatt double and now stand on the brink of the Champions League's final four.
Shakespeare was assistant to Nigel Pearson when the Foxes went up and conceded their rise has been the stuff of dreams.
They said: "The focus just has to be on that game, you can look ahead and look back but you have to focus on the here and now.
"Where the club has come from is remarkable and if you had said last year 'you'd win the Premier League and this year be in the quarter-finals and with a chance to be in the semi-finals' everyone would have been pinching themselves."
Leicester lost at the Vicente Calderon last week after referee Jonas Eriksson awarded a controversial penalty after Antoine Griezmann was fouled by Marc Albrighton outside of the area.
Griezmann scored the spot-kick and Shakespeare said last week the referee made a mistake but insisted they have moved on.
"No it's not gnawing away, the referee gave their decision and the last thing the club and players need is me harping on about it," they said.
"We have to get on with it. The referee made their decision - although it's there for everyone to see it's the wrong one. We have to make sure we're ready and focused for the game."
Last season's shock Premier League champions have won all four home matches in the Champions League, scoring six goals and conceding just one.
They are underdogs against Atletico but should welcome back captain Wes Morgan after they missed the last six games with a back injury.
And fellow defender Christian Fuchs believes the Foxes can thrive with their critics banking on them crumbling.
"That's what everyone is expecting from us anyway, what they expected last season. We have such a great team spirit we don't let it affect us," they said.
"We just enjoy the time we have. We might never be here again. We might be at some point again, but right now it is simply this one game that we have and we try to give everything to be successful."
Atletico are favourites but boss Diego Simeone has warned their side not to relax.
They added: "Leicester is in decent form and have been very close to getting back to their best in the last six or seven games.
"Our characteristics are very similar, we are not too different in the way we play. It'll be a very tight game, the first leg was a narrow result and Tuesday will be no different. It will be decided on the smallest of details."
Meanwhile, Real Madrid know the return of Robert Lewandowski to the Bayern Munich side will make what looks on paper a straightforward last-16 task a whole lot more complicated.
Madrid goes into the second leg of their quarter-final at the Bernabeu tonight boasting a 2-1 lead from the away leg, leaving the Germans with a mountain to climb in the Spanish capital.
The visitors need to score at least twice to progress and, given no team has been able to stop Madrid from scoring this season and the fact Zinedine Zidane's men are averaging almost three goals a game this term, in all likelihood more than that.
But the return of striker Lewandowski from the shoulder injury that ruled them out of the Allianz Arena clash makes such a scenario eminently possible.
Madrid themselves will be without Gareth Bale with a calf problem picked up in the first leg, which has also made them a doubt for Sunday's heavyweight LaLiga clash with Barcelona, but the presence of Cristiano Ronaldo means they will be nothing like the loss Lewandowski was for Bavaria in Munich.
Bayern boss Carlo Ancelotti confirmed the Poland striker, who has 15 goals in their last 11 club games, would play, telling a press conference: "Lewandowski is okay. They have trained with the team. That will help us.  They are a super player. The fact they are playing gives us more confidence."
Madrid coach Zidane is also a fan and said: "Lewandowski is a real number nine and a bonus for Bayern."
They added: "Bayern has a great team in all departments so we have to be focused on what we have to do. We know that they have a lot of ways to cause problems for their opponents and they also have flaws."
The fact is, though, that Lewandowski is key for Bayern, more so than even Ronaldo, whose two first-leg goals turned that game in Madrid's favour, is for the hosts.
They provide a focal point and cutting edge that Bavaria lack without him. They did not play at Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday. Their side drew 0-0.
"He is the killer in front of goal we have been missing," Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer said on the club website.
For Madrid the match comes five days before a Clasico which could go a long way to deciding the outcome of the title race, with the capital club boasting a three-point lead over Barça, with a game in hand.
But Zidane urged their team to first spare no effort in attempting to seal their last-four spot in Europe.
"We have to have a great game and be very strong," they said. "We will go out to win the game and we'll not gamble.
"The first leg has already been played and we know the problems Bayern will create, they'll make it difficult until the referee blows for full time. We're going to have to play really well. We must do everything we can to win the game."
Bale has had an injury-troubled season and will not be risked against Bayern, a muscle injury now having struck after the injury surgery they had earlier in the campaign.
"He's worked hard to get back with the team and after their injury, three months off, they returned really keen," said Zidane.
"He has some discomfort that is preventing them from being at their best and I hope he'll be back with us soon. He's not going to be with us tomorrow as we don't want to risk him.
"He's keen to return, he's worked hard and deserves to be with us as soon as possible. I hope it'll be in time for El Clasico, but I can't guarantee that. We'll take it day by day."
Despite Lewandowski's return, Bavaria have injury concerns of their own at the back. Javi Martinez is suspended following their red card in the first leg and Mats Hummels (ankle) and Jerome Boateng (thigh) face late fitness tests.
CARACAS, Venezuela — The latest on mayoral elections in Venezuela (all times local):
10:20 p.m.
Venezuela's ruling socialist party has swept most state capitals and major cities in Sunday's mayoral elections that were boycotted by several opposition parties.
Electoral authorities say the ruling party won in 41 of 42 cities where winners were declared according to early official results. The opposition even lost in strongholds such as Maracaibo and the Caracas-area district of Sucre.
Around 47 per cent of eligible voters cast ballots. That was down from 58 per cent in municipal elections four years ago.
Three of the four major opposition parties refused to field candidates in Sunday's contests because of irregularities and allegations of fraud detected in recent gubernatorial elections.
The parents of a bullied California middle schooler who was "full of life" are mourning their death and wondering what more could have been done to save her, their distraught father said on Monday — hours before they were taken off life-support.
Rosalie Avila, 13, of Yucaipa, hanged themselves last Tuesday evening, after scribbling apology notes to their parents for the pain they knew their death would cause them, said their father, Freddie Avila.
"One of the notes said, 'Sorry, Mom and Dad,' and then there was another note that said, 'Sorry, Mom, that you're going to find me like this," they told NBC News. "I had no clue that suicide was even close to their mind."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 13-year-old commits suicide after being bullied at school 1:29 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Avila spoke to NBC News by phone from the hospital, where Rosalie — who was declared brain-dead last Friday — was kept on life-support until Monday night so their organs could be donated. A GoFundMe for their medical expenses had raised more than $29,000 as of Monday afternoon.
In their final hours alongside their daughter, Avila said Rosalie was an "excellent student" who dreamed of becoming a lawyer and a writer. The eighth-grader loved dancing, camping, and going to the amusement park, and watched shows like "Stranger Things" and "The Walking Dead" so many times, they could recite the lines by heart, they added.
“ My daughter's death has to mean something.”
Over the past two months, their parents noticed Rosalie had become more reclusive, and they put them in counseling after discovering they were cutting herself, Avila said. They knew they were being bullied at school and on social media by classmates, who taunted them for their braces and called them ugly.
But they were not aware of the extent of the bullying until after their death — when friends at their vigil showed them a video a classmate posted of Rosalie sitting by themselves while the classmate made fun of her, their father said.
"Rose just kept this to herself," Avila said. "On the inside, it was just tearing them to pieces that they were always making fun of her."
They blamed their school for not doing more to protect Rosalie and urged administrators to be tougher on bullying.
"My daughter's death has to mean something," they said.
Administrators with the Yucaipa-Calimesa joint unified school district and Mesa View middle school did not immediately return a request for comment from NBC News.
In a statement, the school district said: "No one can fathom the heartbreak and confusion that we are certain many of our students and families are feeling right now. Crisis counselors have been deployed to our schools, and are available for any student who feels they or they need to talk with someone as they struggle to cope with their feelings."
NBC News
Rosalie's death is part of a startling rise in suicides across the United States, particularly among teenage girls. In 2015, the suicide rate hit a 40-year high for girls ages 15 to 19, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found.
Related: Is Social Media Contributing to Rising Teen Suicide Rate?
Some research indicates a correlation between social media use and anxiety in young adults.
Phyllis Alongi, clinical director for Society for the Prevention of Teen Suicide, based in Freehold, N.J., said screen time is only one piece of the puzzle.
"Where bullying and cyberbullying is concerned, it is not a cause of suicide, but it is definitely a risk factor," they said. "When you are being harassed and intimidated in school and in any form on social media, it's very difficult to get away from that."
Rosalie Avila via NBC Los Angeles
Rosalie's mother, Charlene Avila, said it shouldn't just be up to the parents of victims to get their children therapy, and suggested those doing the bullying undergo counseling as well.
"Now I know what my daughter was up against," they said. "Something needs to be done."
And the bullying didn't stop even after Rosalie's death: Charlene said they received a message from a boy related to one of Rosalie's bullies, who mocked the fact that they had to bury their daughter.
Rosalie's death has devastated their close-knit family, who enjoyed going to the park together on weekends for barbecues. Charlene said Rosalie's five siblings are traumatized and can't stand to be home, because their last memory of Rosalie is of them after they hanged themselves in their room.
"We are an emotional wreck," Charlene said.
Freddie Avila confirmed on Tuesday that the family took Rosalie off life-support on Monday night and said their brothers and sisters were all struggling.
"They all said goodbye in their own way yesterday," they said.
If you or anyone you know is feeling suicidal, you can call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline 24 hours a day at 1-800-273-8255; or contact Crisis Text Line, a confidential service for those wanting to text with a crisis counselor, by texting HOME to 741741.
Jose Mourinho hinted that Marouane Fellaini did enough on a redemptive outing back in the Manchester United side to keep their place when they travel to West Ham on Monday.
Named in the XI to face Middlesbrough on New Year's Eve, Fellaini had not started a game for United since November 6 and had been admonished in that time for a disastrous substitute outing at Everton, where they conceded a late penalty.
The Belgian was as tidy as typically physical against Boro - a game in which Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba struck in the final five minutes to snatch a 2-1 win.
With Michael Carrick missing the Boro game due to illness, Mourinho specifically praised Fellaini, saying that United fans who had booed them in recent weeks would change their tune.
Good win 😊 Wishing everyone a very happy new year !! pic.twitter.com/BNF1iWPpGP — Marouane Fellaini (@Fellaini) December 31, 2016
Also discussing the fitness of captain Wayne Rooney, Mourinho told reporters: "I hope [Carrick will be fit at West Ham]. I don't know. Rooney has a little chance and Michael has a bigger chance, let's see how they are.
"But I'm really happy with Fellaini. I'm really happy with the way they played.
"The connection with the fans, I think they realised how useful they are, they realised how much they are with the team."
Mourinho paired Eric Bailly with Chris Smalling in defence, despite Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo striking up a strong partnership of late and the Ivorian jetting off for Africa Cup of Nations duty ahead of the West Ham game.
If Fellaini could control it with their feet as good as their chest he'd be amazing. — Stephen Howson (@MrStephenHowson) December 31, 2016
The United boss explained their selection: "I know that I will lose Bailly for a month and I'm going to have Smalling, Rojo and Jones - three players for, I think, eight matches.
"Bailly is leaving. Bailly goes to the national team. They have to be in the national team on January 2.
"We asked them for them to be on the third. They refused. So they cannot play against West Ham.
"I wish Ivory Coast to be champions because with this kind of decision it's because they are controlling every second. For sure they are going to win the African Cup."
Hayling Island SC - Click image for a larger image
Hayling Island SC are dropping their normal joining fee for anyone signing up before 4 June. A saving of £350.
And, they are also taking a pre-emptive move by encouraging non-boat owners to join, having recently boosted their dinghy hire fleet and encouraging there use in the club sailing and racing events.
It has become clear in recent sport and leisure surveys that the focus on the traditional racing activities at sailing clubs is causing a growing generation gap.
There is now more focus on less structured activities, often taking place outside formal organisations, and driven by digital apps that have replaced traditional structures to control and organise the activity.
This does not mean that existing organisations are redundant, but that they have to look at how they present and provide their services.
By being open to less structured requests and placing themselves to provide them. The more encompassing "watersports" is the latest buzzword.
Commenting on the announcement, David Nicholls, Chair of HISC Membership Committee said . . .
“HISC is a very special and welcoming club offering water-based activities for people of all ages and abilities. The club has exceptional facilities and opportunities for families, individuals and young people in terms of life skills, peer groups, support and friendship."
"We are really passionate to offer this opportunity to anyone thinking of taking up sailing or watersports and hope that by waiving our joining fee and arranging this Open Day we will welcome many new people to our wonderful club.”
Hayling Island SC Open Day is taking place Monday 28 May 2018 but you can contact them now on 023 9246 3768 or visit the website here
Sailing Clubs under Internet attack
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Gerald New - Sailweb
2 February 2018 17:59 GMT
Here's everything you need to know about the innovative comedian known as the Lost Voice Guy
When Lost Voice Guy took to the Britain's Got Talent stage, they delivered one of the most hilarious stand-up routines the show has ever seen.
Advertisement
But what made comedian Lee Ridley's performance so special is the fact that they can't speak.
The Newcastle-based comic performs through the use of a speech synthesiser and David Walliams said their performance was “one of the best stand-up routines I've seen – let alone on this show”.
Forget Walliams, though – Ridley has the rare honour of having featured two weeks running in Radio Times magazine's radio choices section, thanks to their Radio 4 comedy Ability “about a man with cerebral palsy, who finds it hard to get served in pubs because they already look drunk and whose inner voice is pure Geordie, while their spoken voice sounds just like Stephen Hawking”.
So who is Lee Ridley, and what else do you need to know about him?
Who is Lee Ridley?
The 37 year-old is from Consett near Newcastle and was diagnosed with cerebral palsy when they were six months old. Due to complications resulting from their disability, Ridley has been unable to speak for over 30 years.
In order to perform, Ridley uses a speech synthesiser upon which they program their material before selecting certain lines based on audience reaction.
According to an interview with The Guardian, Ridley saw comedian Ross Noble performing a large majority of their set doing an impression of Stephen Hawking. After the show Ridley, through their voice synthesiser, challenged Noble asking: “Do you want to see who can do the best Stephen Hawking impersonation?”
The joke made Noble laugh and they incorporated the story into their own routine; a thrill for Ridley who was a big fan of the comedian. Ridley soon began performing stand-up sets in Sunderland before heading to the Fringe Festival in Edinburgh in 2013.
A journalism graduate, Ridley used to work as Sunderland city council's online content manager while performing their stand-up routines during their evenings. Now, they are a full-time comedian.
In 2014, Ridley was the recipient of the BBC New Comedy Award, which has previously been won by the likes of Rhod Gilbert and Alan Carr.
While disability and living with cerebral palsy are central themes to their act, Ridley's stand-up covers a breadth of topics from roasting the political establishment to the country's welfare system.
Are they on YouTube?
Ridley's Edinburgh Festival set from two years ago is available below – and their unique blend of self-deprecating humor and observational comedy is guaranteed to make you laugh.
They also appeared on The One Show performing another hilarious batch of jokes. The video is available on their YouTube alongside a host of other videos starring the comedian.
Ridley has also landed their own Radio 4 sitcom.
Ridley's performance is a hit with both the audience and the judges on the BGT stage and he'll be hoping their act will take them further in the competition.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent continues Saturdays on ITV
Warrant affidavits don't include everything known about every aspect of a case. Instead, they put forward evidence the government considers significant to establish whether probable cause exists.
And because warrant affidavits are inherently one-sided — the target is left in the dark — the government has the duty to include key facts that undercut its case. The government violates the law if it intentionally or recklessly omits important information that could defeat the probable cause finding.
The newly released memo accuses the Department of Justice and the F.B.I. of violating these principles. It claims that an affidavit to monitor Carter Page, the former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, failed to point out reasons to discredit the former British intelligence agent Christopher Steele, whose research, according to the memo, was part of the basis for believing that Mr. Page was a foreign spy.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But the memo doesn't make its case. It should prompt more confusion than outrage.
First, the memo mostly punts on the critical question: Was evidence provided by Mr. Steele important to finding probable cause? We just can't tell. There may have been lots of other evidence showing Mr. Page was a Russian spy. If so, it doesn't matter what (if anything) the affidavit said about Mr. Steele.
The memo does state in passing that Mr. Steele's evidence was an essential part of the application. But we can't make heads or tails of it without knowing what else was in the affidavit. Whether the memo is revealing a significant error or none at all depends on the big picture that the memo keeps secret. But we have no way to evaluate that, and critics are claiming it's wrong.
Second, the memo offers scant detail on what the government told the court about Mr. Steele. We get only glimpses. The court knew Mr. Steele had been hired to do their research by a “named U.S. person,” the memo reports. On the other hand, judges were not specifically told about the role of the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign in ultimately funding the investigation.
Without more details, however, it's hard to know what to make of this. The court might have received a balanced and accurate picture of Mr. Steele's credibility that did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or Hillary Clinton. Without knowing all the facts of what the government told the court, we can't tell if the government did anything wrong.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Third, the memo ignores the fact that judges usually expect informants to be biased without being told of it. Judges routinely uphold warrants in criminal cases that fail to disclose bias in informants far worse than Mr. Steele's. An informant might be the target's wife, who the government fails to point out is engaged in a bitter divorce battle with him. An informant might be a known criminal facing fresh charges, who the affidavit fails to disclose was promised a break if they share information about others.
Judges expect this. As a result, courts say, it's not necessarily a problem to omit it from the warrant affidavit. As one appellate court has written, only a “very naïve” judge would expect a source to “drop in off the street with such detailed evidence and not have an ulterior motive.” And who is more likely to lie: Criminals promised leniency or a former British intelligence agent hired for their expertise?
Finally, the memo questions the government's evidence based on what we know today rather than what the government knew then. For example, it claims that the application relied on a Yahoo News article since traced to Mr. Steele without explaining the Steele connection.
Investigators are not expected to be clairvoyant. If they didn't know the source of the Yahoo article at the time, it wouldn't be wrong for them to include it.
The memo gives us too little information to make a conclusion about whether the government abused the surveillance laws. It's a partial view when we need a panorama to know what happened.
Buckingham Palace Makes Sad Announcement About the Queen
I heard a few days ago that Queen Elizabeth is suffering from a severe cold. The Princess Royal is assuring everyone that the Queen is much better, but worry abounds as they have missed joining the Royal family at church on Christmas Day, which has not happened in 28 years. They also missed church for the second Sunday in a row, which is highly unusual.
I subjects and people around the world are extremely concerned. So am I. Can you imagine Prince Charles as King? The horror. He's a liberal's liberal and I suspect they may have converted to Islam some time ago. They would be an unmitigated disaster as King.
Per Wikipedia, Queen Elizabeth II is the present sovereign and their heir apparent is their eldest son, Charles, Prince of Wales. Next in line after them is Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son. Third in line is Prince George of Cambridge, the son of the Duke of Cambridge, followed by their sister, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. Fifth in line is Prince Harry (formally Prince Henry of Wales), the younger son of the Prince of Wales. The first four individuals in the line of succession who are twenty-one years or older, and the sovereign's consort, may be appointed Counsellors of State. Counsellors of State perform some of the sovereign's duties in the United Kingdom while they or they are out of the country or temporarily incapacitated. Otherwise, individuals in the line of succession need not have specific legal or official duties (though members of the royal family often do).
From The Telegraph:
The Princess Royal has moved to allay fears about the Queen's health by insisting they were feeling “better” despite missing church at Sandringham for the second successive Sunday. Concerns for Them Majesty have been growing since a heavy cold prevented them from joining the Royal family at church on Christmas Day, the first time in 28 years they had missed the service. Them absence from the New Year's Day service came after Buckingham Palace announced they “does not yet feel ready to attend church as they are still recuperating from a heavy cold”. Them Majesty has enjoyed such robust health throughout their life that it is rare for them to miss any public appearance, and their continued absence has led to speculation around the world about the extent of their illness.
Family members usually do not comment on the Queen's health. When asked how the Queen was feeling, the Princess Royal smiled and said: “Better.” Them husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Lawrence was asked the same question and said: “Not too bad.” How's that for vague? The Queen has not been seen since December 9th, when they attended a function at Buckingham Palace. They will not now be seen in public until at least next Sunday, when they will again be due to attend St. Mary Magdalene Church, 400 yards from Sandringham House. If they attend the church, it will be the first time in a month that they have been seen in public. Royal sources say that they are up and about.
Healthcare officials are claiming there is a nasty strain of the cold making the rounds and it takes about three weeks to get over it. They say it is akin to bronchitis. The Queen first started feeling ill before Christmas, cancelling their planned train journey to Sandringham from London on December 20th. Most in Britain just hope they are recovering and will be back at it soon. The rest of the world feels that way too and prays for their speedy recovery. May they outlive Prince Charles. Seriously.
HALIFAX — A new study says the Nova Scotia and federal governments should shy away from putting public cash into new port infrastructure in the province.
The document, paid for by the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency and the province's Transportation Department, describes challenges faced by the Port of Halifax and proposed container port facilities in the Strait of Canso and in Sydney.
It says a large public investment would be “risky,” and that private-sector stakeholders should determine which projects go forward.
The report by CPCS consultants continues to highlight challenges — also raised in a previous report published in 2016 — faced by the Novaporte development at the Port of Sydney, such as the lack of railway access and the possibility of ice in the harbour.
However, the 48-page document obtained by The Canadian Press also notes both the Sydney site and the Melford proposal in the Canso Strait could handle large vessels for which Halifax may not have the capacity.
The report is dated March 23 of this year, and has been circulated to the province, the federal government and container port proponents and port authorities.
KSP reminds drivers to plan ahead, make sure all passengers are properly restrained and ensure their vehicle is properly maintained to handle the effects of cold temperatures. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – With the potential for snow in the forecast this week, Kentucky State Police (KSP) is advising motorists to be prepared for hazardous driving conditions.
"Winter driving can present formidable challenges including sleet, snow, slick roads, freezing temperatures and reduced visibility," KSP spokesperson Sergeant Josh Lawson said. "It can be a deadly combination if you're not prepared."
>> Check the WAVE 3 Weather Team's Forecast
KSP reported that slippery roads were a contributing factor in 12,412 crashes and 51 highway deaths in 2016.
Lawson said the KSP heavily depends on its social media to get pertinent information to citizens when winter weather hits the Commonwealth.
"We have had great success using Twitter, Facebook and the KSP Mobile App to share winter weather updates," Lawson noted. "We encourage drivers to download our free mobile app so they will have real-time traffic updates when planning winter travel."
KSP reminds drivers to plan ahead, make sure all passengers are properly restrained and ensure their vehicle is properly maintained to handle the effects of cold temperatures.
"We ask everyone to please remember to be patient," Lawson said. "Bad weather often produces an unusually high volume of requests for service. Plus, the capabilities of first responders are limited, which increases response time."
KSP's other safe winter travel tips include:
Check road and weather conditions before you leave.
before you leave. Reduce speed in wintery conditions.
Leave early – allow more travel time; expect delays.
Increase distance between vehicles – the ability to stop is significantly affected on snow-covered or icy roadways.
Clear all windows on your vehicle prior to travel – having unobstructed vision is vital to avoid running off of the road or having a collision.
Ensure your windshield washer fluid is full and that you use an anti-ice solution.
Turn on your vehicle's headlamps. Remove any dirt, mud or snow.
Use caution on bridges and overpasses as they are susceptible to freezing before roadways.
Avoid using cruise control which can cause a vehicle's wheels to continue turning on a slippery surface when speed needs to be decreased.
Ensure your vehicle has a full tank of gas in the event you are stranded for an extended period of time.
Charge your cellular phone prior to departure.
Always dress warmly and keep a blanket in the vehicle.
Carry a winter survival kit that includes items such as blankets, a first-aid kit, a can and waterproof matches (to melt snow for water), windshield scraper, booster cables, road maps, tool kit, bag of sand or cat litter (to pour on ice or snow for added traction), collapsible shovel, flashlight and extra batteries.
KSP is also requesting travelers to observe for stranded motorists. If you see or suspect that someone is stranded, contact KSP at 1-800-222-5555.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Chelsea Clinton Gets BAD NEWS Months After Trump's Inauguration
Given Hillary Clinton's massive failure at politics and the aging of the Clinton power couple, Chelsea was their last great hope to keep the money rolling in and hang on to power in the Democratic Party. It's not working. As much as Hillary Clinton was despised and loathed in general, Chelsea is not much better and no more likable than their mother. The scandal plagued brand of the Clintons is irreparable. It wouldn't matter if Chelsea was the most charismatic woman in America (and believe me, she's not), they couldn't kick this dead Clinton horse into gear. Frankly, it's rotted to the core and smells to high heaven. I came across a recently deceased horse a few years ago that smelled horrific… but it didn't smell as bad as the Clintons do these days.
Last week, Chelsea published a new book entitled: Governing Global Health: Who Runs the World and Why? The title is a turn off from the get go, but you would think there would be Clinton lovers and leftists lining up to buy it. Nope. It tanked at 74,374 on Amazon. That's just embarrassing. It looks to me that right now, good or bad, people just can't get enough of the Trumps. As for the Clintons, people just want them to go away after losing repeatedly. All the world loves a winner… not so much a loser.
From Heat Street:
Last week a new book was published co-written by Chelsea Clinton and entitled Governing Global Health: Who Runs the World and Why? Almost no one is buying the Clinton title, co-authored by Devi Sridhar, a Global Public Health Professor at the University of Edinburgh. It currently stands at No. 74,374 on the Amazon Bestsellers Chart. The book profiles global health organizations and the work they do. Chelsea is Vice Chair of the Clinton Foundation which prioritizes improving global health. Published by Oxford University Press, the book is well-intentioned but bland in the extreme. And there is no answer given to the question “Who Runs the World and Why?” Chelsea does however extensively eulogize Bill and Melinda Gates whose foundation has frequently partnered with the Clinton Foundation and substantially donated to various Clinton's initiatives. “It is clear that the Gates Foundation has played a vital role in global health and can aptly claim credit for saving untold lives,” Chelsea observes.
Obamacare and socialized medicine are about as popular as the plague in this country right now. Talk about tone deaf when it comes to subject matter for a book. I still believe the Clinton Foundation should be fully investigated and while they are at it, go after the Bill and Linda Gates Foundation, which Chelsea shows their fondness for in this book. Strangely, Chelsea Clinton doesn't seem to be much interested in promoting their own book. Them Twitter bio only mentions their children's book It's Your World (which ranks higher on Amazon's charts than their new book).
Chelsea seems far more interested in standing with JK Rowling in their Twitter spat with Piers Morgan. Lame. One has to wonder if Chelsea's book was intended as some political move that is no longer relevant because their mother lost to Trump. The book officially launches in March and it is dead before it ever is released. No sympathy here. The Clintons as a family need to fade away now. America has had more than enough of their corruption and politics. I sincerely doubt that Chelsea would be successful in politics. They just doesn't have what it takes in that arena.
The moment you have your little one in your arms, your life changes forever. As cliché as that sounds, it's true. And not just because there's now a tiny human to keep alive and who's essentially your new boss, but because your brain goes through some pretty crazy changes. This rewiring can explain the love that feels like it bubbles up from nowhere (and you thought you adored your dog before…) and why anxieties and irrational fears suddenly pop up.
“We know that evolutionarily it's so important to support our children to grow up and be productive. Because of that and the physical changes a woman goes through during pregnancy, it's not surprising that a significant transformation in the brain happens after having kids — and that's what we see in our research,” says Pilyoung Kim, Ph.D., associate professor in the department of psychology at the University of Denver.
She's talking about a core neurocircuitry in the brain that is designed to support parenting and caregiving of your offspring. “These brain changes start in pregnancy and continue into the post-partum period,” says Kim.
First, you have the reward circuits in your brain. As Kim explains, there are a number of regions in your noggin that are connected to each other and communicate through levels of the feel-good neurotransmitter dopamine. Those same areas illuminate when you bite into a big juicy burger or have sex with your partner. “For parents, these circuits are particularly sensitive to their baby,” they explain.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Almost exactly a year ago, ABC announced it would reboot one of its most beloved sitcoms, putting its star back in the national spotlight. "There's really no one better to comment on our modern America than Roseanne," ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said at the time.
The implication was clear: Roseanne Barr, and the working-class mom they played on TV, would be a perfect fit for the Trump era. Hollywood executives were scrambling to create shows that depicted the struggling blue-collar Midwesterners who, in the popular imagination, helped propel Donald Trump to the White House.
"Roseanne," it seemed, would help lead the charge.
But even then Barr, 65, was far from an anodyne personality — as ABC surely knew. They already had a reputation as a political provocateur, staking out iconoclastic positions on both the left and right. And they had stoked controversy over their decades in the limelight, most recently on their Twitter feed.
The apparent contradiction — mainstream TV hit-maker and outrageous online agitator — could not, in the end, be resolved, as ABC demonstrated Tuesday afternoon by canceling the "Roseanne" revival. The network cited the comedian's "abhorrent, repugnant" tweet about Valerie Jarrett, a former senior adviser to Barack Obama.
If President Trump, who called Barr to congratulate them on the premiere of the reboot in March, or another right-wing figure condemns ABC's decision, the cancellation could open up a new front in the culture wars, particularly disputes over the limits of free speech and artistic censorship.
ABC's move capped off months of fierce debate over the show. The reboot was an instant (and perhaps unexpected) hit, but it invited controversy at seemingly every turn. Roseanne Conner, the lovable loudmouth played by Barr, was an outspoken supporter of Trump, and some episodes pitted them against liberal-minded relatives.
A joke about network shows that star racial minorities — a nod to fellow ABC sitcoms "black-ish" and "Fresh Off the Boat" — stirred up outrage, with many viewers and commentators finding it dismissive of cultural diversity. Another episode was criticized as Islamophobic.
All the while, Barr maintained an active presence on Twitter, where they raised eyebrows by spreading disinformation and some politically incendiary messages.
They tweeted, for example, about a conspiracy theory involving Trump purportedly busting a child sex trafficking ring. They accused David Hogg, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting and a proponent of gun control, of giving a Nazi salute.
Roseanne's reputation as a provocateur was arguably nothing new, even before the recent scrutiny on their public statements.
They were harshly criticized by President George H.W. Bush for a "disgraceful" rendition of the national anthem at a baseball game in July 1990. The performance was widely seen as flagrantly off-key. They followed it by grabbing their crotch and spitting on the ground, perhaps mimicking the rituals of baseball players.
And in 2009, Barr was pilloried for posing as Adolf Hitler for a satirical Jewish-themed publication called Heeb. Three years later, in early 2012, Barr launched a candidacy for the Green Party presidential nomination, ultimately losing to Jill Stein.
But the swirl of controversy did not, at least for a couple months, prompt ABC to take any action. Barr's social media activity was reportedly the subject of a joke at ABC's annual upfront presentation this month — but the network seemed to be turning a blind eye.
That all changed after Barr, in a tweet, referred to Jarrett, the former Obama adviser, as a "child" of the "Muslim Brotherhood" and "Planet of the Apes." Dungey, the ABC president, blasted that comment in a news release, saying it was "inconsistent with our values."
Barr apologized for their tweet, saying on Tuesday morning they were sorry "for making a bad joke" about Jarrett's politics and their looks. About three hours later, Dungey released a statement saying ABC would cancel "Roseanne."
Barr later apologized again to fans, saying they had been "Ambien tweeting" — a reference to the prescription sleeping aid — and to "the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The maker of an internet-connected sex toy was accused in a federal lawsuit Wednesday of secretly gathering detailed data about its customers' use of the product, including when and how long they use it.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco, alleges that Lovense, a division of Hytto Ltd., based in Hong Kong, collects and records "highly intimate and sensitive data regarding consumers' personal use" of Lush. Lush is a vibrator that users — or their partners operating remotely — control through a Bluetooth-enabled iPhone and Android phone using an app called Body Chat.
An ad for Lovense's Lush internet-connected vibrator in an exhibit filed with the lawsuit.
The lawsuit seeks class-action status under federal anti-wiretapping laws on behalf of all Lush customers to recover unspecified real and punitive damages at a jury trial. Hytto hadn't responded to the action early Thursday.
The suit was brought by a woman identified only by their initials, S.D., based on "personal knowledge as to themselves and their own acts and experiences."
"Plaintiff would never have purchased a Lovense Lush had they known that in order to utilize its full functionality, Defendant would monitor, collect, and transmit their Usage information through the Body Chat App," it says.
Lovense's privacy policy says any data that pass through its servers are encrypted and are deleted within seven days. It says video calls between partners are encrypted and don't pass through its servers at all.
The suit offers no substantiation of its claim that Lovense "intentionally" collects and "stores" such data for its own use — something it doesn't have to do at this stage of litigation.
The suit also doesn't disclose how the plaintiff learned that Lovense allegedly warehoused their data. But in November, the company acknowledged that users had discovered that a small audio file called "tempSoundPlay" was left on Android devices whenever they used the app's Sound Control feature. It said iPhones weren't affected by the "bug."
The company said that the file was stored in devices' temporary caches and was intended to erase itself but that a "minor bug" meant it wasn't deleted as designed. Lovense said it quickly corrected the "bug."
"Your concern is completely understandable," it said in a statement at the time. "But rest assured, no information or data is sent to our servers."
The story is well known among Ebola experts - the traditional healer who died from the virus in Sierra Leone and whose body infected 13 mourners at their funeral, who in turn infected more than 300 other people.
It's called a "superspreading" event, and a new analysis shows that just 3 percent of patients caused more than 60 percent of all infections in other people during the West African Ebola epidemic.
Medical staff at the Hastings Ebola Treatment Center work to escort a man in the throes of Ebola-induced delirium back into the isolation ward from which they escaped in Hastings, Sierra Leone on Sunday, November 23, 2014. Pete Muller / Prime for National Geographic
It's another piece of evidence showing that certain people are key to spreading disease. If doctors and public health officials can learn more about why and how, perhaps they can learn how to nip epidemics in the bud.
The 2014-2016 Ebola epidemic spread across Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, infecting more than 28,000 people and killing at least 11,000 of them. The extremely deadly virus is spread person to person through infected bodily fluids and, unlike many other diseases, people on the verge of death and dead bodies can be the most dangerous to others.
“ We now see the role of superspreaders as larger than initially suspected.”
It didn't take long for doctors to figure out that traditional funeral practices were helping drive the epidemic. The blood, sweat and other fluids of people dying from Ebola can remain infectious for hours or even days, and washing and dressing a body can be a very important part of many funeral traditions.
Related: Ebola Outbreak Threatens to Overwhelm Volunteers
Helping people adapt these traditional funeral practices helped finally stop the epidemic, but in the meantime, thousands became infected.
"In the recent Ebola outbreak it's now clear that superspreaders were an important component in driving the epidemic," said Benjamin Dalziel of Oregon State University, who helped write the new study.
"We now see the role of superspreaders as larger than initially suspected," Dalziel added.
Dalziel and colleagues used computer models to calculate just how many other people an Ebola patient infected during the epidemic, a figure known as R0. They found that on average, each Ebola patient infected 2.39 other people.
But it usually wasn't that even. Many people didn't infect anyone else at all, while others infected quite a few.
Related: Ebola Outbreak Tip of the Iceberg
"There wasn't a lot of transmission once people reached hospitals and care centers," Dalziel said.
It was people who stayed home who drove the spread. Many had nowhere to go while others feared the hospital. Early on, Ebola symptoms look like malaria or other tropical diseases, and people did not even suspect Ebola.
"Our results show that superspreaders play a key role in sustaining onward transmission of the epidemic, and they are responsible for a significant proportion (around 61 percent) of the infections.," Dalziel and colleagues wrote in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
“ There wasn't a lot of transmission once people reached hospitals and care centers.”
"Our results also suggest age as a key demographic predictor for superspreading."
The very young and the very old would likely attract many concerned caregivers, who would hold and kiss sick children, or embrace dying elderly loved ones, the team said.
Superspreaders also helped drive the spread of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS, in 2002 and 2003. SARS infected more than 8,000 people and killed 774 before it was stopped, and researchers were struck by a few superspreading events such as a man who infected 20 others at a Hong Kong hotel, who were then linked to more than 165 other infections in three countries.
Related: How One MERS Patient Made All the Difference
A superspreader also carried Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) virus - including a single South Korean traveler who directly infected 29 people, who went on to infect at least 106 more people.
Ebola was eventually stopped not with vaccines or drugs, but with extensive public health efforts that focused on safe burial and quick hospitalization of people with symptoms.
"As we can learn more about these infection pathways, we should be better able to focus on the types of individual behavior and demographics that are at highest risk for becoming infected, and transmitting infection," Dalziel said.
Marvin and Shirley (Redkey) Eyre of Sardinia will celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary this spring. They were married May 3, 1958 at the Church of Christ in Mowrystown with Jim Garret officiating at the ceremony. Alvin and Lucille Eyre stood up with the couple. They have one daughter, Kathy (Lyle) Flach of Springfield, Ill.; as well as two granddaughters, Elizabeth (Ben) Burkard of Hillsboro and Ashley Hauke of Springfield, Ill.; along with six great-grandsons, Cameron, Braydon and Ashton Burkard of Hillsboro, Noah Ramirez, and Landan and Logan Hauke of Springfield, Ill. The Eyres have lived in Sardinia all their married life on the family farm.
http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Eyrew-old-pic.jpg Marvin and Shirley (Redkey) Eyre of Sardinia will celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary this spring. They were married May 3, 1958 at the Church of Christ in Mowrystown with Jim Garret officiating at the ceremony. Alvin and Lucille Eyre stood up with the couple. They have one daughter, Kathy (Lyle) Flach of Springfield, Ill.; as well as two granddaughters, Elizabeth (Ben) Burkard of Hillsboro and Ashley Hauke of Springfield, Ill.; along with six great-grandsons, Cameron, Braydon and Ashton Burkard of Hillsboro, Noah Ramirez, and Landan and Logan Hauke of Springfield, Ill. The Eyres have lived in Sardinia all their married life on the family farm. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Eyre-new-pic.jpg Marvin and Shirley (Redkey) Eyre of Sardinia will celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary this spring. They were married May 3, 1958 at the Church of Christ in Mowrystown with Jim Garret officiating at the ceremony. Alvin and Lucille Eyre stood up with the couple. They have one daughter, Kathy (Lyle) Flach of Springfield, Ill.; as well as two granddaughters, Elizabeth (Ben) Burkard of Hillsboro and Ashley Hauke of Springfield, Ill.; along with six great-grandsons, Cameron, Braydon and Ashton Burkard of Hillsboro, Noah Ramirez, and Landan and Logan Hauke of Springfield, Ill. The Eyres have lived in Sardinia all their married life on the family farm.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — A father of three was gunned down across the street from their home, and their killer is still out there.
CBS2's Tony Aiello spoke with grieving relatives while Jersey City police spent the day in the neighborhood collecting surveillance video and searching for witnesses.
The victim's family was clearly still in shock.
Alicia Martinez was still wearing their fiancee's work shirt and coming to grips with their death.
“He was a great loving father, and a very bright person. Their entire life was helping people,” they said.
Martinez believes Donald McLaughlin III, 37, was coming to the aid of their younger brother who tangled with some street toughs earlier in the day on Thursday.
They may have returned around 8:30 p.m. to exact revenge across the street from the family apartment where the victim's father was watching TV.
“My youngest son came leaping in through the door practically three feet off the floor, looked like someone tossed them by the rear of their pants through the door. they told me, they said, ‘they're shooting at us, and I think they shot Donny,' their older brother,” Donald McLaughlin II said.
They rushed outside and saw their oldest son lying in front of 490 Central Ave. Police said he'd been struck in the head with a blunt object and fatally shot.
“For the love of their brother, they went to help their brother after getting jumped earlier that day. Right in front of their house, and it happened in seconds,” Martinez said.
Jersey City police and the Hudson County Prosecutor are working on the case. CBS2 has learned they've obtained very good surveillance video that should help identify the suspects.
The victim and their fiancee have a toddler, they have two older children as well.
McLaughlin worked as an auto tech and livery driver, and was enrolled in trade school.
2017 ALDS New York Yankees vs Cleveland Indians Game 2
Last nights game had a few surprises that people didn't expect. Two go hand in hand that I don't think anyone expected Bauer to have a no hitter through 5 and that the Yankees would struggle so much with him. The Yankees lineup looks anxious and couldn't lay off the curveballs out of the strike zone. A lot were thrown in the strike zone (some not actually strikes just called so by an umpire having a terrible game being the plate with a spotty strike zone) and when they were the Yankee hitters were pulling off everything hitting weak grounders. Aside from Castro going the other way, they could never make the adjustment even in crucial situation. The Indians benefitted from Jay Bruce having a good game with a double and a big 2 run homer. Their experience and starting pitching superiority showed as Sonny Gray was off. They have a lot of movement on their pitches but they need to simplify and start aiming for an area and not be so fine they don't keep falling behind batters and walking them.
This afternoon's matchup has two pitchers in CC Sabathia and Corey Kluber, at total opposite points in their career as well as style. Kluber is in their prime and can flat out dominate and rack up the strike outs. CC at this point is a finesse pitcher who can strike a couple guys out but relies on keeping guys off balance and locating their pitches with movement. CC has had a resurgence this year, especially after Yankees loses being a stopper for thee but Kluber is going to be your Cy Young winner.
For CC to be successful he's going to need a very well pitched game; location on their pitches will be the primary factor. They no longer has the velocity to make mistakes with their fastball. He's going to have to get their curveball and changeup over, having a good feel for both. If he's going to go toe to toe with Kluber I'm expecting them to do so by “pitching backwards” meaning he's using their off speed stuff to get ahead in the count and then spot their fastball for outs and change eye level. This matchup doesn't favor them at all with a lot of talented righties. Don't forget to look to see if Cleveland will try to bunt and make CC move after they were upset but hitters trying to bunt on them not long ago.
Corey Kluber is always fun to watch when he's got everything going for him. They run their 2-sean to both sides of the plate and their slider is devastating. He'll mix in some other off speed in a curve or occasional change but those two pitches are so good paired with their ability to locate he's a nightmare on batters. They can get ahead in the count any way they like, fastball early and put away with their slider or use their slider to get hitters to take early in the count and get in on them with their fastball. I have NO doubt he's going to follow the blueprint Bauer used last night of sliders off the plate and fastballs in. Kluber unlike Bauer though doesn't like to pitch up in the zone so the Yankees will need to get them to elevate some pitches and capitalize on them to have any chance at getting to him.
If the Yankees can't make the adjustment and stay on the breaking stuff without pulling off, this is going to be a dominant effort by Kluber. They could easily get 10Ks and carry a no-no for some time. The Yankees will need to capitalize on their mistakes and when they get runners on, move them over so they can score them on outs. Cleveland is going to do what they do and be aggressive with CC since they should be around the plate. Not giving them free passes and allowing them to advance on mistakes will be huge. CC might have too much being asked of them to hang with a Cy Young candidate at this point of their career. If the Yankees can pull it off they're maturing faster and with more confidence than anyone thought. Classic case of the young guy vs the old veteran.
Do you think the Yankees have any shot vs Kluber? Comment or DM me!
I'd love to hear your opinions positive or negative.
Follow me:
Instagram : @S_onthechest
Twitter: @S_onhischest
Snapchat: S_onthechest13
Attention tuna poke fans: you may want to pay attention to the origin of your tuna. A study published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives found that yellowfin tuna caught in industrialized parts of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans has 36 times more pollutants than those caught in pristine, remote areas such as the West Pacific Ocean.
For the first-of-its-kind study, researchers from Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California, San Diego screened 117 yellowfin tuna for 247 toxic compounds. The samples were caught in 12 locations spanning the globe.
Every fish tested contained pollutants. The worst offenders were caught in waters near built-up areas off the Atlantic coast of Europe, and the east and west coasts of North America. The cleanest samples were caught off of Asia and in the Pacific Islands.
The fish were contaminated with a class of chemicals called persistent organic pollutants (POPs), which includes pesticides, flame retardants, and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). While NPR reports that much of the tuna analyzed would still be considered safe for human consumption, the study highlights some troubling findings.
90 per cent of the tuna tested from the northeast Atlantic and 60 per cent from the Gulf of Mexico showed levels of pollutants that would be considered unsafe for certain segments of the population, such as children and pregnant women.
“I don't want to be the bad guy here. I love to eat fish. I love tuna,” Sascha Nicklisch, a postdoctoral researcher and lead author of the study, told NPR. “It's good to know most are safe to eat, but we need to make more information available so people can make their own choices.”
A High Court judge has said they hope to give judgment next month in the case by business person Denis O'Brien against the Dáil and the State over comments made by two TDs about their banking affairs.
Ms Justice Úna Ní Raifeartaigh has also said they will consider further submissions on the case in light of the recent judgment in the action taken by former Rehab CEO Angela Kerins.
Last week the judge had said they doubted they would need anything further on the case but today said on reflection they would take written submissions.
Ms Kerins lost their legal challenge to the way public hearings were carried out by the Dáil's Public Accounts Committee.
In a separate case, Denis O'Brien sued the Dáil and the State over statements made by two TDs in the House about their banking affairs in 2015.
They claimed Social Democrats TD Catherine Murphy and Sinn Féin TD Pearse Doherty interfered with an ongoing court case and disregarded the separation of powers when they revealed information in the Dáil that they had gone to court to stop RTÉ broadcasting.
They want the court to express its disapproval of what the TDs did and how the Dáil Committee on Procedure and Privileges dealt with them.
Ms Justice Ní Raifeartaigh had deferred giving judgment in Mr O'Brien's case until the decision in the Kerins case, which deals with similar issues, had been delivered.
In the Kerins case, a three-judge division of the High Court confirmed that the Constitution prohibited the courts from examining comments made by TDs in the Dáil.
It ruled this was a cornerstone of constitutional democracy.
Eighteen Rivercare volunteers turned out on Saturday to clean up the River Witham.
Rivercare adopted the stretch of river from Bridge End Road to Harrowby Mill some 12 years ago, and since then has completed over 60 clean-ups.
Grantham Rivercare leader John Knowles said: “As is tradition with Rivercare, it was a fine morning and the team soon got stuck into clearing rubbish from the river and surrounding areas.
“Considering there have been several clean-ups in recent weeks a surprising amount had accumulated. Most people appreciate this beautiful stretch of river, but a small minority seem to delight in using it as a dumping ground. If only one person could be caught and charged it might be deterrent to others.
“Thankfully, there are wonderful volunteers who are prepared to go out picking up other people's rubbish. What a state the river would be without their efforts.”
After two hours of hard work, volunteers' efforts produced 12 sacks – weighing 51.5 kg – containing mainly bottles and cans. Items included a bike, skateboard, scooter, wheel, traffic cone, metal chair and a heavy cast iron fence panel.
Rivercare is supported by Keep Britain Tidy and sponsored by Anglian Water and Sainsbury's.
Welcome to another Monday. I hope that all of you enjoyed your St. Patrick's Day (those of you who celebrate it) and rested well yesterday. Today's list is actually quite large, so there's plenty to look through. Have fun.
Free
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
Sale
Apps
Games
Icon packs & customization
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — One defendant received a life sentence and two co-defendants were given prison terms of more than 100 years each Friday for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years; Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years; and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
The sentences for Colbert and Williams include time given for charges not directly related to Dobson's death. It wasn't immediately clear how much time was given for each charge.
Bassett had faced an automatic life sentence required under Tennessee law after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the December 2015 death of 15-year-old Zaevion Dobson. The jury that convicted Bassett on Dec. 14 also found Williams and Colbert guilty of facilitating the shooting. Sword said during the sentencing hearing that they considered all the defendants “equally culpable.”
“I understand the jury's findings and I respect their findings,” Sword said. “They gave both these two gentlemen a large break because I think there was sufficient evidence for them to also say Mr. Colbert and Mr. Williams were guilty of first-degree murder.”
Lawyers for all three defendants said they planned to file motions for a new trial. The jury had convicted Bassett on a total of 19 counts of various charges while finding Colbert and Williams guilty on 17 counts of various charges.
Dobson, who had been a promising football player at Fulton High School in Knoxville, was on a back porch with friends on Dec. 17, 2015, when shots were fired. Police said Dobson suffered a fatal gunshot wound while shielding two girls, who were unhurt.
That act of bravery drew national attention when Dobson was praised posthumously by then-President Barack Obama.
A slideshow featuring pictures of Dobson played on a courtroom wall during Friday's sentencing hearing.
Dobson's mother, Zenobia Dobson, spoke at the sentencing on their son's behalf and asked that all three defendants spend the rest of their lives in prison. They said that she's “forever changed and forever broken” by their son's death.
“I will see Zaevion again someday in heaven, but here in this world, he's gone,” said Zenobia Dobson, who had a button with their son's picture pinned to their shoulder. “So these men should lose something, too. They should lose their freedom for the rest of their lives.”
Zenobia Dobson also read a statement from Dobson's older brother, Zack, who was with Zaevion Dobson at the time of the shootings. Zack Dobson, who had run away from the gunfire, said they watched their brother bleed to death.
In their statement, Zack Dobson said they will “never ever be the same” and that they still have nightmares in which they see their brother lying on the porch.
Although a single gunshot killed Dobson, prosecutors said during the trial that all three defendants were criminally responsible because they aided in the commission of the offence. Prosecutors said at least 34 shots were fired from at least four different guns in the attack, carried out in the Lonsdale section of Knoxville.
According to the state's case, a Knoxville man named Brandon Perry was angry that their mother had gotten shot earlier in the day and was accompanied by a group as they headed to Lonsdale to fire shots out of anger. Perry was killed in a separate shooting later that night.
“This was a planned hunting expedition,” Sword said. “There were multiple members of this hunting party looking to make a kill, and the victims they chose were completely innocent kids who were doing nothing more than standing on a porch.”
Defence lawyers had cited the youth of their clients while asking for leniency. T. Scott Jones, the lawyer representing Bassett, also said there was a lack of evidence to support the state's argument that the defendants participated in gang-related activity.
——
This story has been clarified to reflect that sentences for two of the defendants include time for unrelated charges.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
As temperatures rise and as we reemerge from the cocoon of cozy blankets, bulky sweaters and flannel pajamas, it's time to start thinking about what steps to take to prepare for warmer weather.
Naturally, we reach for lighter clothing and make solid plans to bask in the sun, but something often overlooked is how we approach our skin care regimen and general beauty routine. While a complete overhaul isn't necessary, a few adjustments will help you feel and look better once spring has sprung, not to mention keep your skin and hair healthy. Follow these expert guidelines on cleaning up your beauty routine and swapping out some of your products now that warmer weather is on the horizon.
Spring Clean Your Beauty Stash
Spring cleaning doesn't only refer to combing through the junk in your closet or garage. Your beauty stash also requires a good purge.
Discard products that are over six to nine months old since they can have bacteria build-up and ingredients can expire. Discard products that are over six to nine months old since they can have bacteria build-up and ingredients can expire.
“I look at season changes as the time to do a ‘spring cleaning' and a ‘switch-up' for my skin care regimen,” said Dr. Melissa Kanchanapoomi Levin, a board-certified dermatologist based in NYC. “Essentially for season changes, I teach my patients to look over their skin care products — including topicals, make-up brushes and cleaning brushes — and clean out. I recommend discarding any products that are over six to nine months old since old products can have bacteria build-up and ingredients can expire and are no longer active.”
They added that it's also a good time to reassess your skin type and consider what your regimen might need added or removed. Determine if you're dealing with oily, dry, dull, irritated or acne-prone skin and opt for products that cater to your specific needs.
Exfoliate More often
“As we come out of winter, our skin is still a little on the dry and dehydrated side, making our pores look enlarged and our tone a little dull and red from the chilly temperatures and lack of humidity,” said Jenny Patinkin, a beauty expert and author. “As the weather warms up [and activity increases], our metabolism, circulation and oil production all get back into gear which will instantly brighten the complexion, but this is also a great time of year to exfoliate.”
Exfoliation expedites the process of sloughing off old skin cells so that new ones can emerge, explained Patinkin. For your body, a gentle physical exfoliator made with sugar, salt or finely-ground plant material can be used. For the more delicate skin on your face, consider a mild chemical exfoliator with AHA.
Dr. Levin adds, “In the winter the skin gets more dry and sensitive so usually exfoliating once to twice weekly is sufficient, but in the spring, exfoliation can be increased to twice to three times weekly in order to remove and turn over dead skin cells. This also improves the penetration of active ingredients.”
Switch to a Lightweight Moisturizer
“Look at dialing back on the thickness and richness of the moisturizing products you were using in winter,” notes Patinkin. “You can do the same with makeup, stepping down from medium or full coverage to a lighter BB Cream, tinted moisturizer or even just a tinted SPF.”
So instead of reaching for facial creams made with nut butters or heavy oils, opt for water gel moisturizers or dry oils like camellia or rosehip. For the rest of your body, switch from a heavy cream to a lotion or gel, as well.
Canadian e-commerce giant Shopify announced today that its payments platform, Shopify Payments, now allows payments made using Google Pay. According to its website, Shopify is used by more than 600,000 businesses worldwide. Among those businesses are familiar names like Penny Arcade and PooPouri.
It's worth noting that while 600,000 is certainly an impressive figure, not all payments made to Shopify merchants use Shopify Payments. Google Pay also isn't enabled by default—merchants have to opt in. But once they do, users who have Google Pay set up will be able to check out with just a couple taps. The faster the checkout process, the better.
This isn't the company's first Google payments rodeo: Shopify supported Google Wallet payments all the way back in 2015.
Essex County Country Club rests in West Orange, New Jersey, among the wondrous hills above the New York City delta. It is part of 36 holes that were designed by Charles “Steamshovel” Banks. Banks was an English teacher at Hotchkiss School in Connecticut. While observing Seth Raynor build the 9-hole course at the school, Banks made a mid-life career change and began to dig notoriously-deep bunkers along the courses they built. Essex County sold 18 holes of Banks' holes to Essex County, and they remain as the Francis Byrne golf course.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Italy bosses confirm Ancelotti talks, insist no front-runner – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Westworld is back - but which cast members have survived and who are the new actors joining the show?
At the conclusion of Westworld season one many of the mysteries had seemingly been wrapped up, leaving the hosts in charge of the park and the employees of Delos either dead or on the run. But who survived? Who's coming to help?
Advertisement
In other words, which cast members are returning to the show and who's new for season two?
Who's returning?
Dolores Abernathy – Evan Rachel Wood
Who does Evan Rachel Wood play? Original host Dolores was one of the focal points of season one, with their journey to self-awareness becoming a central storyline in the show. I travels with William took up most of the first series, but now they have their freedom and a thirst for revenge – so what do they have planned?
What else has Evan Rachel Wood been in? Rachel Wood starred in the 2008 drama The Wrestler directed by Darren Aronofsky, where they played embittered wrestler Mickey Rourke's daughter. They also starred in the George Clooney-directed political thriller The Ides of March alongside Ryan Gosling. A child actor, Rachel Wood had their first leading role aged nine in Digging to China, and attracted critical acclaim for their role as a troubled teen in 2003's Thirteen.
Maeve Millay – Thandie Newton
Who does Thandie Newton play? Newton plays the sentient android Maeve, the former madam of a brothel in Sweetwater who became self-aware throughout the first season of the show. They were last seen returning to the park after deciding to track down their daughter, another host who she'd lived with during their earlier years in Westworld.
What else has Thandie Newton been in? Among other roles, the British actor has starred in the fourth series of BBC drama Line of Duty where they played DCI Roz Huntley. They were also nominated for a BAFTA for their role in the 2004 Best Picture winner Crash and is set to make an appearance in the upcoming Solo: A Star Wars Story.
Bernard Lowe – Jeffrey Wright
Who does Jeffrey Wright play? Wright plays the character of Bernard, the head of programming at Westworld and an artificial recreation of the park's co-creator Arnold Weber. With Anthony Hopkins' Ford now dead, Bernard is free from their control and will likely play a pivotal role in the upcoming season.
What else has Jeffrey Wright been in? The actor starred in the Bond films Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace alongside Daniel Craig before starring with Jennifer Lawrence in the Hunger Games sequels. Wright also starred alongside Evan Rachel Wood in George Clooney's Ides of March.
Teddy Flood – James Marsden
Who does James Marsden play? Flood is a good-guy host with a dark past, who spent most of their time searching for the missing Dolores in season one. Flood, like all the hosts, learns a lot about themselves throughout the course of the first season, leading them to self-awareness going into season two. Expect them to be an important part of the revolution in season two.
What else has James Marsden been in? The Oklahoma-born actor is most famous for their role as Scott Summers or Cyclops in the original X-Men movies. Marsden starred in the original trilogy of films and reprised the character for a cameo in X-Men: Days of Future Past. They have also appeared in films including Enchanted and Superman Returns.
Charlotte Hale – Tessa Thompson
Who does Tessa Thompson play? A large portion of season one focused on Delos, the company that owns Westworld, attempting to push out Robert Ford, the park's creator. Pivotal to this plot was Thompson's board exec Charlotte Hale, whose attempt to remove Ford from the board led to tensions within the Westworld staff. With the hosts having risen up this season, expect Hale's position to be particularly treacherous.
What else has Tessa Thompson been in? Thompson starred in the Ava DuVernay-directed Selma before their breakout role in the Rocky sequel Creed. More recently, they were seen starring as the drunken warrior Valkyrie in last year's Thor: Ragnarok alongside Chris Hemsworth, and in Netflix sci-fi Annihilation with Natalie Portman.
William – Jimmi Simpson
Who does Jimmi Simpson play? Simpson stars as William, the younger version of The Man in Black. William begins their time at Westworld as a moral and conscientious visitor, but as time passes they become more selfish, violent and obsessed with the park's hosts. William takes a particular shine to Dolores, leading to their older self's villainous actions.
What else has Jimmi Simpson been in? Simpson is known for their recurring role in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia where they play the strange and hilarious Liam McPoyle, and as a hacker in Netflix series House of Cards. More recently, Simpson starred in the acclaimed USS Callister episode of the satirical anthology Black Mirror on Netflix, and was nominated for a BAFTA for their performance.
The Man in Black – Ed Harris
Who does Ed Harris Play? Harris plays the older incarnation of William, known in the Westworld park as The Man in Black. The Man in Black has a sadistic nature, often wishing the park's “games” were more challenging, and ended season one gleefully anticipating the hosts' attack.
What else has Ed Harris been in? Harris has been nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Oscars three times for their roles in Apollo 13, The Truman Show and The Hours. They also starred in the science fiction film Snowpiercer and the 2017 thriller Mother! among many other performances.
Ashley Stubbs – Luke Hemsworth
Who does Luke Hemsworth play? Stubbs is the head of security at Westworld, and considering the hosts rebelled at the end of season one he'll probably be pretty busy in the new season. Stubbs was abducted by hosts in their last appearance, and it's assumed the new episodes will reveal how they escaped.
What else has Luke Hemsworth been in? Before being cast in Westworld, Hemsworth starred in the Australian soap Neighbours. More recently they cameoed as the God of Thunder in Thor: Ragnarok, where they played a fictionalised version of the role their brother Chris made famous during a scene in the film.
Hector Escaton – Rodrigo Santoro
Who does Rodrigo Santoro play? Hector is an outlaw within Westworld who is wanted for multiple massacres within the park. The vengeful gang leader has a close relationship with Maeve and is one of the hosts bent on survival in the new season.
What else has Rodrigo Santoro been in? Santoro played the role of Xerxes I in the swords and sandals epic 300, before starring as Jesus in the 2016 remake of Ben-Hur. The Brazilian actor also starred in the 2003 romantic comedy Love Actually, where they played the role of Karl opposite Laura Linney, and Lost.
Lee Sizemore – Simon Quarterman
Who does Simon Quarterman play? Quarterman stars as the narrative director of the park responsible for the stories or loops that the hosts are part of. Their key role in the subjugation of the hosts is likely to make them a key target during the uprising. Could their days in Westworld be numbered?
What else has Simon Quarterman been in? The British actor had a role in the 2012 supernatural horror film The Devil Inside and has starred in many TV shows during their career, including Midsomer Murders, Holby City and EastEnders as well as the miniseries Victoria & Albert.
Angela Sarafyan – Clementine Pennyfeather
Who do they play?
A host formerly working in Maeve's whorehouse, Clementine was lobotomised in the last series and now acts as a zombie-like lieutenant for Dolores.
Where have I seen her?
The Armenian-American played one of the Egyptian coven of vampires in the Twilight movies, and also appeared in American Horror Story as Alice.
Logan – Ben Barnes
Who does Ben Barnes play? In season one, Logan was a veteran guest at Westworld who indulges their darker instincts in the park's more sinister storylines. Closely connected to William/The Man in Black, expect Logan to be a key player in the story going forward.
What else has Ben Barnes been in? Barnes starred in the The Chronicles of Narnia films Prince Caspian and Voyage of the Dawn Treader and a 2009 adaptation of Oscar Wilde's classic The Picture of Dorian Gray before landing their role in Westworld. More recently they have starred in the Netflix series The Punisher, where they played a key character from Frank Castle's past.
Armistice – Ingrid Bolsø Berdal
Who does Ingrid Bolsø Berdal play? Berdal plays Armistice, a brutal and violent bandit and a close ally of gang member Hector. They were leading the charge on the Westworld command centre at the end of season one, but a post-credits scene suggested them survival.
What else has Ingrid Bolsø Berdal been in? The Norwegian actor starred in the 2014 film Hercules alongside Dwayne Johnson and also appeared in the TV movie adaptation of Terry Pratchett's Going Postal.
Angela – Talulah Riley
Who does Talulah Riley play? Back in season one Angela was a host designed to greet guests as they arrived at the park. In season two Riley has been upgraded to a main character, and so we expect Angela will break free of their loop and join the revolution.
What else has Talulah Riley been in? Riley starred as Annabelle Fritton in the British comedy film St Trinians and its sequel alongside actor Rupert Everett. They have also appeared in Doctor Who, Inception, The Boat That Rocked and Thor: The Dark World.
Who's new in season two?
Karl Strand – Gustaf Skarsgård
Who does Gustaf Skarsgård play? The Swedish actor plays the role of Karl Strand, the laid-back and confident Head of Operations for Delos.
What else has Gustaf Skarsgård been in? Skarsgård stars currently in the History channel drama Vikings where they play the character of Floki. They also had a role in the Scandinavian drama Kon-Tiki and Peter Weir's The Way Back with Ed Harris.
Grace – Katja Herbers
Who does Katja Herbers play? Herbers is set to play a seasoned guest at the park, presumably fighting for survival in the new, host controlled, world.
What else has Katja Herbers been in? The Dutch actor starred in the third season of the HBO drama The Leftovers as the role of Dr. Eden. They also had a small role in the FX drama The Americans in its third season.
Nicholas – Neil Jackson
Who does Neil Jackson play? Deadline have reported that Jackson will play “a charming, resourceful man who finds themselves in uncharted territory.” Could this mean that Jackson was a guest at the time of the hosts taking over? Or could they be a newly sentient host?
What else has Neil Jackson been in? The British actor starred in the Bond film Quantum of Solace before appearing alongside Amy Adams in Nocturnal Animals in 2016. They currently star in the show Absentia alongside former Castle actor Stana Katic.
Antoine Costa – Fares Fares
Who will Fare Fares play? Antoine Costa is said to be a tech expert within Westworld, and is likely to take on a pretty important role going forward in the battle against the hosts in season two.
What else has Fares Fares been in? The Swedish-Lebanese actor stared in the FX drama Tyrant as freedom fighting journalist Fauzi Nadal. They also had a small role in the Star Wars spin-off Rogue One where they played the role of Senator Vaspar.
Major Craddock – Jonathan Tucker
Who will Jonathan Tucker play? Tucker will play a host with military leanings in the second season, who may play a part in Dolores' quest against the humans.
What else has Jonathan Tucker been in? Tucker recently starred in the Amazon Prime original American Gods where they play Low Key Lyesmith. They also had a major role in the US drama Kingdom and the film The Next Three Days staring Russell Crowe.
Maling – Betty Gabriel
Who does Betty Gabriel play? Gabriel plays an enforcer tasked with bringing the park back under the control of Delos.
What else has Betty Gabriel been in? Gabriel starred in the 2017 smash hit horror Get Out in a performance that was lauded by critics. Looking forward, they are set to appear in the upcoming science fiction thriller Upgrade from Get Out producer Jason Blum.
James Delos – Peter Mullan
Who does Peter Mullan play? Mullan stars as the founder of Delos, the company who owns the Westworld park. Delos is an enigmatic figure and little is known about their motivations but a brief glimpse of them in marketing materials for the show suggests all might not be well with the CEO.
What else has Peter Mullan been in? The Scottish actor featured as death eater Yaxley in the final two instalments in the Harry Potter franchise. They also delivered an acclaimed performance as reformed alcoholic Joseph in the drama Tyrannosaur from director Paddy Considine.
Musashi – Hiroyuki Sanada
Who does Hiroyuki Sanada play? Sanada plays a new character named Musashi, who could be a host in the recently revealed Shogunworld. The expansion of Delos's portfolio of parks was hinted at in the first season as the hosts revolted – but could the Westworld uprising spread to the other parks?
What else has Hiroyuki Sanada been in? The acclaimed Japanese actor starred in the films 47 Ronin and Sunshine as well as having a supporting role in superhero film The Wolverine. Sanada also had a recurring role in the hit drama Lost.
Akane – Rinko Kikuchi
Who does Rinko Kikuchi play? Kikuchi plays the character Akane, a host from Shogunworld. Marketing matrials have revealed their character's costume to be that of a geisha, but little else is known about their role in the upcoming season.
What else has Rinko Kikuchi been in? The Japanese actor received acclaim and an Oscar nomination for their role in the film Babel alongside Brad Pitt. They also starred in the epic monster movie Pacific Rim and its sequel Pacific: Rim Uprising,
Akecheta – Zahn McClarnon
Who does Zahn McClarnon play? McClarnon stars as the character Akecheta and was briefly seen in the hidden trailer on the website DiscoverWestworld.com. The hidden trailer showed the character with a bloody hand touching theirs face. Could they be connected to the mysterious Ghost Nation?
What else has Zahn McClarnon been in? McClarnon is a renowned Native American actor who has had roles in the shows Fargo, Longmire and the Netflix show Frontier. They also starred in the horror-western Bone Tomahawk alongside Kurt Russell in 2015.
Hanaryo – Tao Okamoto
Who does Tao Okamoto play? Okamoto plays the role of Hanaryo, a mysterious new character about which little is known. It is likely that they are a host in Shogunworld and will likely play a large role in the hosts expansion and escape from their prisons.
Advertisement
What else has Tao Okamoto been in? The actor starred alongside Hiroyuki Sanada in The Wolverine and had a brief role in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice where they played Lex Luthor's assistant Mercy Graves.
The new season of Westworld premieres on Sky Atlantic at 9pm on 23rd April
For most of their life, Michelle Vina-Baltsas was obsessed with food.
The 51-year-old struggled with their weight and was always on a diet. They became thin in their mid-40s, but gained the weight back in two years.
“I was just exhausted and I didn't want to do it anymore,” Vina-Baltsas told NBC.
That's when Vina-Baltsas discovered intuitive eating, an eating philosophy developed by authors Evelyn Tribole and Elyse Resch. An anti-diet approach to wellness, intuitive eating focuses on respecting one's body and honoring one's health. According to Vina-Baltsas, the philosophy encourages people to listen to what their bodies need. That is, to make healthy yet enjoyable food choices without restricting their caloric intake.
“Listening to that intuitive voice helps us to understand when we are hungry, when we are feeling full, and using these things to guide us in terms of our eating, [and] the choices that we make in terms of eating,” says Vina-Baltsas.
Let go of the number on the scale
Most people who struggle with their weight are too focused on being thin, explains Vina-Baltsas, who is now a certified intuitive eating counselor.
“When people decide they're done with dieting — they're tired with the restriction — one of the things that they need to also let go of is the number on the scale, because true freedom cannot be found when you're focusing on a number,” they say. “Because that number will then guide your food choices and it will keep you in that perpetual cycle of dieting.”
Stop bargaining with yourself
People who struggle with their weight often feel that it is their fault, says Vina-Baltsas.
“So they bargain with themselves and they say, ‘Yeah, that was because I was going through this at the time, or because I wasn't disciplined enough, or because I didn't want to go food shopping, or because I was lazy,'” they say. “And they start to really rip themselves down and make it about them when really that's not the case.”
Tigers at Regionals
The McClain wrestlers bid at a state tournament qualification came to an end on Wednesday night at the hands of the Athens Bulldogs, who ended up as regional runners-up themselves. McClain will have to settle for being a Region 14 Final Four team, which is a first in McClain school history. The Tigers now stand at 12-3 on the season, with their losses coming to three quality opponents: Urbana who was a Final Four team in Region 16, Miami Trace who won Region 16 and are now one of the last remaining eight teams in the state tournament, and Athens, who finished as Region 14 runners-up.
The night started out at 106 pounds where Athens decided to forfeit to Lucas Jansen and bump their 106 pounder Jonathan Kimball up to take a forfeit at 113 pounds, thus splitting even after two weight classes 6-6. Neither team have 113 nor 120 pound wrestlers on their squads. After a double forfeit at 120, Brian List of Athens won a close 9-8 decision over Dawson Jansen, putting the Bulldogs up 9-6. The Bulldogs lead the entire match from here.
At 132 pounds, Chris Jackson extended AHS lead with a pin over Quinton Smith. Bill Wallace kept the ball rolling for Athens with a major decision over Jake Krafthefer in the 138 pound class.
McClain decided to forfeit to Devin Macy at 145 pounds and bump Jacob Barton to wrestle C.R. Ellis at 152. Ellis won a major decision here and extended the AHS lead to 30-6. McClain also bumped the school's career wins leader, Keegan Rawlins from 152 to wrestle 160 against Tyler Shuler. Shuler just finished as runner-up at the 27 team Jimmy Wood Invitational in New Lexington over the weekend. Keegan ran through their bigger opponent with a technical fall, getting the Tigers back on the winning track and bringing the score closer at 30-11.
Up next for McClain was Phil Waters at 170 pounds. Phil lost a close decision to Kiah Smith. The Tigers had four weight classes left and needed to win big in all four to overcome the Bulldogs and advance to the finals of Region 14. Drake George slammed the door shut for Greenfield with a pin over Kyler Trefz in the 182 pound class and won the dual meet for Athens.
Finishing the last three matches for individual records, Ethan Taylor got the Tigers first pin of the match, over Mikel Casteel at 195 pounds. It got contagious and Kade Rawlins of MHS followed that with a pin at 220 over Josh Poches. Dylan Wogerman of Athens finished out the dual meet with a pin over Kai Borrelli.
Greenfield McClain returns to action Saturday, February 3 at the 19 team Washington Court House Bracket Tournament. Wrestling begins at 9am.
Tigers at Panthers
The Miami Trace Panthers took full advantage of their opportunity on Tuesday night to tie the McClain Tigers atop the FAC standings by winning a dominating match 50-21. McClain started off strong when Kade Rawlins (220) pinned Luke Anders and lead 6-0. Miami Trace tied the score when Grant Debruin pinned Kai Borrelli in the 285 pound class. Wrapping back around to the 106 class, McClain first-year student Lucas Jansen put the Tigers back up by six points by pinning Titus Lehr.
The Panthers were awarded the next twelve points via the forfeit and held the lead for the remainder of the match. At 126 pounds, Storm Duffy picked up a decision over Dawson Jansen of McClain. Mcale Callahan followed that up for the Panthers with a major decision over Quinton Smith (132.) Senior captain Wes Gandee (138) kept the momentum rolling for the home team with another major decision over first-year student Jake Krafthefer. The score was Miami Trace 29 McClain 12 after eight matches. Stepping up to fill the 145 pound class for McClain, Jacob Barton took to the mat against Jaymon Flaugher and lost by pin.
McClain finally got back in the winning column when Keegan Rawlins (152) finished off Zach Tinkler with a first period pin. McClain now trailed 35-18. Also stepping up to fill a vacated spot, Zane Bode (160) lost by pin to Dylan Arnold of Miami Trace. 170 pounds was a very hard fought match with Jacob Tinkler winning a decision over Phil Waters of MHS by way of a couple penalty points. BJ Anders won by pin over Kyler Trefz of McClain in the 182 pound class. The Tigers' Ethan Taylor capped off the night by winning the last decision over David Tyndall, making the final score 50-21 Miami Trace. McClain and Miami Trace both finish as dual meet co-champions of the FAC with 4-1 records . Miami Trace lost their dual match with Jackson in the opening week of FAC competition. McClain is now 12-2 overall on the season, with both losses coming to region 16 final four teams Miami Trace and Urbana.
Both McClain and Miami Trace are the only two FAC teams advancing to the final four teams in their regions. MHS is in region 14 and MTHS is in region 16. Both teams will be back in action tomorrow, January 31 in their regional final four. McClain will travel to Fairfield Union and face Athens in round one. Miami Trace will travel to Springfield Northwestern and face the home team in round one.
Submitted by Shane Paul the head wrestling coach for McClain High School.
Miami Trace beats McClain to move into tie for 1st in FAC
19:58 Reported News Briefs Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Shvat 18, 5778 , 03/02/18 Israel hit Sinai 100 times in the past two years Read more Israel helping Egyptian President el-Sisi fight ISIS in northern Sinai, report says. ► ◄ Last Briefs
STILLWATER, Okla. — Loryn Goodwin had 25 points, nine rebounds and six assists and Kaylee Jensen scored 23 points with nine boards to help No. 23 Oklahoma State beat Kansas 92-63 on Saturday night.
Goodwin was 10-of-14 shooting and Jensen made 8 of 13 from the field. Braxtin Miller added 17 points and Jaden Hobbs scored 12 on a career-high four 3-pointers for Oklahoma State (16-6, 7-4 Big 12). Mandy Coleman had 11 points and eight rebounds.
Goodwin scored 10 points, including two 3-point plays, during a 13-2 run that gave the Cowgirls a 21-10 lead late in the first quarter and Kansas trailed the rest of the way. Goodwin made a layup and then a jumper to open the second quarter and push the lead into double figures, 30-17, for good.
Christalah Lyons made 7 of 10 from the field, hit 7-of-9 free throws and finished with 21 points — one shy of their career high — for Kansas (11-12, 2-10). Kylee Kopatich scored 16 points and Brianna Osorio added 13.
Oklahoma State outrebounded the Jayhawks 46-25, including 15-5 on the offensive glass, and outscored Kansas 16-4 on second-chance points.
The Jayhawks, who came in allowing just 64.1 points per game, have lost nine straight.
LINCOLN-(Huskers.com)-The Nebraska women's basketball team used a suffocating defense to hold Illinois to just 10 first-half points, as the Huskers worked their way to a 62-47 win over the Fighting Illini at the Pinnacle Bank Arena on Thursday night.
With the victory, Nebraska improved to 17-6 overall and 8-2 in the Big Ten, while Illinois slipped to 9-15 overall and 0-10 in the conference. Coupled with a Purdue win over Michigan, Nebraska climbed into sole possession of second place in the Big Ten, trailing only No. 11 Maryland. The Terrapins improved to 19-3 overall and 8-1 in the Big Ten with a win over Rutgers on Thursday night in College Park. Sunday's 2 p.m. tip with the Terrapins at Pinnacle Bank Arena will be for first place in the Big Ten standings, and tickets are available now at Huskers.com.
Fans are encouraged to by tickets on-line early to avoid lines at the ticket windows on Sunday.
In a low-scoring defensive struggle, sophomore Nicea Eliely was the only Husker to score in double figures with 11 points on 5-of-6 shooting from the field, including a three-pointer. They added six rebounds and a steal in just 23 minutes for the Big Red.
Freshman Taylor Kissinger added nine points, six rebounds, two assists and a block in 23 minutes off the bench, to help the Husker reserves outscore the Illinois bench, 26-9 to more than account for the difference in the game.
Junior forward Maddie Simon contributed eight points and a team-high seven rebounds, while sophomore point guard Hannah Whitish pitched in eight points and a game-high five assists. Freshman Kate Cain also produced eight points, four rebounds and a block for a balanced Nebraska attack, while junior Darrien Washington managed six points on 3-of-3 shooting, three rebounds and two blocks in an outstanding 12-minute effort.
For the game, Nebraska hit 40.4 percent (23-57) of its shots from the field, including 8-of-20 three-pointers (.400), while hitting 8-of-15 free throws. The Huskers won the battle of the boards, 43-40, but lost the turnover battle, 17-15.
Nebraska's stingy defense held the Illini to just 27.1 percent (16-59) shooting, including 5-of-17 from three-point range. Illinois was also 10-of-13 at the free throw line. Cierra Rice led three Illini in double figures with 13 points, while Alex Wittinger and Kennedy Cattenhead each added 10 points.
In the lowest scoring half in school history, Nebraska took a 26-10 lead to the locker room at halftime despite hitting just 8-of-30 shots (.267), including 4-of-12 (.333) from three-point range. The Huskers also hit 6-of-8 free throws. Nebraska outrebounded Illinois, 24-23, and won the first-half turnover battle, 10-7.
Nebraska led 14-9 at the end of the first quarter, then held Illinois without a field goal in the second quarter, the second time this season the Husker defense held an opponent without a field goal in a quarter joining NU's defensive effort in the fourth period at Kansas. The one point allowed by the Big Red against the Illini was the best defensive effort in a quarter since the advent of the quarter system.
The Huskers outscored the Illini 12-1 in the second quarter, as the 36 points combined in the first half tied for fewest points ever scored in a half in a Nebraska women's basketball game.
Kissinger led the Huskers in the second quarter with five points and four rebounds, while Simon added three points and three boards after opening the game with five points in the first quarter.
Nebraska's defense was exceptional in the second quarter, holding Illinois to 0-of-12 shooting with five turnovers. The Huskers extended the lead despite going 3-for-16 from the floor in the second quarter.
Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate luxury concept lives up to its name
The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept shows what a production Maybach SUV could look like. With rivals like Bentley and Rolls-Royce offering SUVs, Mercedes-Benz's ultra-luxury brand could use one of its own.
The post Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate luxury concept lives up to its name appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ultimatefmonline.com
2017-10-07
Maame Afia Akoto, Deputy Executive Secretary of the Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC)
The Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC) has issued a stern warning that it will go all out to collect its monies from Members of Parliament (MPs), actors and actores who defaulted in the loan payment.
According to MASLOC, the defaulters have refused to pay their vehicle loans collected from the facility.
The defaulters have been given a month ultimatum to pay back or risk being publicly embarrassed saying it will soon publish names of the debtors.
“We are not looking at the status of people. We have written to the MPs involved and will publish their names in the dailies… We are going to put out the names depending on their loan portfolios, the sizes.
‘The fact that you are a Member of Parliament doesn't mean that if you pick MASLOC loan, we can't come after you. We are going all out and we are not looking at party colors, we are not looking at anything”, Deputy CEO of MASLOC Maame Afia Akoto said.
MASLOC's debtors include members of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP) and opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC).
MASLOC has a debt portfolio of over GH¢100 million hanging on its neck. It has already impounded about 350 vehicles for non-payment of loans.
Roger A. Swenson Sr., 54 of Rhinelander died unexpectedly Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016 with their family by their side. Roger was born Feb. 5, 1962 in Tomahawk to Wayne and Julia “Cookie” (Lunde) Swenson.
They attended elementary school in Tripoli. The family moved to the Rhinelander area and Roger then attended Rhinelander High School. They were united in marriage in Oneida County June 19, 1981 to Nancy Kaehne. Roger had been employed in the logging business for many years until an accident left them unable to maneuver through the woods. They then are employed for several years as an Over the Road Truck Driver with DeBoer Trucking. As a side job, Roger would fix cars and that led to their love for NASCAR Racing. They also became involved with Home Health Care after a cousin, James Lunde, became a quadriplegic after a car accident. Roger continued health care after the passing of James in 2009. Roger was currently employed as a Driver for Rapid Cab. They enjoyed fishing, hunting, and camping. Roger enjoyed listening to music and was a collector of music. But most of all, they loved their family especially their grandchildren. They will be dearly missed by their parents, Wayne and Julia “Cookie” (Lunde) Swenson; wife, Nancy Swenson; one son, Roger “Bucky” Swenson Jr., three daughters, Tiffany Swenson, Tamara Swenson, and Trisha (Alan) Smith; and ten grandchildren all of Rhinelander. Also surviving are two sisters, Evie Kanitz of Rhinelander; Debbie (Daryl) Court of Merrill; three brothers, Raymond Swenson, Robert Swenson and Ronald (Kelly) Swenson, all of Rhinelander.  They are further survived by nieces, nephews, and other relatives and friends. Roger is preceded in death by a daughter; Tabitha Swenson, paternal grandparents; Arnold and Grace Swenson and maternal grandparents, Delmer and Evelyn Lunde.
A celebration of Roger's life will be held on Monday, Jan. 9, 2016 from 3–6 p.m. at the Quality Inn, 668 W. Kemp Street, Rhinelander.
Hildebrand Funeral Home & Cremation Specialists, 24 E. Davenport Street, Rhinelander, Wisconsin 54501, 715-365-4343. Celebrating lives and healing hearts. All are invited to light a candle, sign the guestbook and leave a photo or an online condolence at www.hildebrandrussfh.com
The following land transfers were recorded in the office of the Town Clerk of Redding from Jan. 1 to Jan. 31, 2017.
5 Hemlock Trail: Estate of Anthony David Delia to Barbara J. Delia, no consideration.
9 Mailcoach Road: Estate of Anthony David Delia to Barbara J. Delia, no consideration.
51 Mailcoach Road: Estate of Anthony David Delia to Barbara J. Delia, no consideration.
54 Sanfordtown Road: Lisa A. Tibbitts to Sarah K. Packard, $450,000.
6 Orchard Drive: John J. Maire to Kristine M. McNamara, $370,000.
60 Sanfordtown Road: Christian J. and Jennifer Fox to Craig Richard and Karen Grace Lawrence, $775,000.
33 Mine Hill Road: U.S. Bank NA Trustee to Ava and Eric Steenhuisen, $395,000.
Open space, Marchant and Chestnut Woods: Old Stone Estates LLC to Town of Redding, no consideration.
17 Meeker Hill Road: James J. Hickey, III to Christopher and Angela Rountos, $250,000.
1 Blueberry Hill Road: Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to Jason and Jennifer Magnell, $265,000.
5 Beauiles Lane: Kimberly Kiriazidis to Jeffery W. and Molly K. Kreitz, $625,000.
41 Black Rock Turnpike: Amy W. Strife to G. Andrew Strife, no consideration.
36 Cross Highway: Jerrold T. Lundquist to Kenneth Swensen and Robin Lamont, $511,000.
58 Old Redding Road: Federal National Mortgage Association to Konstantinos Papadopoulos, $265,500.
63 Wayside Lane: Estate of Rosamond Hawthorne Mikkelsen Trust to Imogen Howe and Katherine Haddock, no consideration.
73 Redding Road, Unit 12: MELY, LLC to The Gourad Group, LLC, $45,000.
343 Redding Road: Salvatore Ferraina and Linda S. Scott to Salinda LLC, no consideration.
153 Gallows Hill Road: Andrew B. and Lee P. Wilson to GRSW Stewart Real Estate Trust to Eneas N. Freyre and Nancy Longworth Freyre, $650,000.
331 Black Rock Turnpike: Ellsworth D. and Cheryl A. Jones to Emily Hall, $360,000.
TOKYO — Just days before Japan's national election campaign kicks off, all eyes are on Tokyo's populist governor, a political go-getter and a gambler. Will they jump into the race and try to unseat Prime Minister Shinzo Abe?
Yuriko Koike has repeatedly denied they will run, but they have surprised before.
They remained coy about their national ambitions in an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, saying their next step was in God's hands.
Koike upstaged Abe last week as they were preparing a carefully scripted plan to call the Oct. 22 snap election, announcing ahead of their news conference that they would personally head a new party, the Party of Hope, which they had been backseat-driving.
Them pre-emptive strike quickly lifted the fledgling Party of Hope to second place in media surveys, behind Abe's ruling Liberal Democratic Party. What had been the main opposition force, the Democratic Party, all but collapsed, with many of its members joining the Koike team.
But the Party of Hope has lost some steam and is struggling to recruit the 233 candidates it needs to have a mathematical shot at a majority in the 465-seat lower house of parliament.
So far it has 199 candidates, a majority of them defectors from the Democratic Party. The party faces a Tuesday deadline, as does Koike to decide whether to declare them candidacy.
Experts generally agree that the Party of Hope could take away seats from the LDP, but not enough to come to power. If Abe loses around 50 seats, they would likely face calls to step down.
Recent media polls show 45 per cent of respondents favouring Abe as prime minister, versus 33 per cent for Koike.
If their chances of becoming prime minister are slim, Koike may well sit out this election and instead try to play kingmaker by teaming up with someone with power or wait for the next opportunity, experts say. Having recruited a large chunk of the opposition, Koike is now acting friendlier toward the ruling party, though they publicly still says they want Abe out.
“I think Koike has largely given up their ambition of becoming prime minister or defeating the Abe government. But they are seen trying to stay as an influential player after the election by assisting the Abe government instead,” said Koichi Nakano, an international politics professor at Sophia University in Tokyo.
“What's driving her, it seems, is really a quest for power more than anything else. They want to be close to power,” they said.
Koike told the AP that they want to push the national government to speed up changes needed in Japan by starting them in their city. They said women's advancement and measures for Japan's aging and shrinking population have come too slowly under Abe.
Them political rivals have criticized them for switching between “two pairs of shoes” for taking part in local and national politics, but Koike says their dual approach is good for both.
“As Tokyo governor, I want to achieve policies in Tokyo as a model for all of Japan to follow. Why? Because it's faster that way,” Koike said. “In order to do so, I also need to change national politics.”
Koike is seen as having steadily pursued power, rather than sticking to political principles. They were once called a migratory bird for their repeated party-hopping and regrouping — seven times to date.
Them past remarks show they are politically very conservative, hawkish and revisionist on Japan's wartime history — quite similar to Abe.
Koike has imposed an allegiance test on those who want to defect to them party: they must support Abe's new security law broadening Japan's military role and a revision to the war-renouncing Constitution — a platform also pushed by Abe.
More liberal lawmakers have launched another party, the constitutional Democratic Party of Japan, led by popular former Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano. It has earned more Twitter followers than the LDP.
Koike, despite their recent row with the LDP, has not cut ties with heavyweights in the party, and there has been speculation they may eventually side with them. In terms of political views, Koike and Abe are “cut from the same ideological cloth,” said Stephen Nagy, political professor at International Christian University in Tokyo.
“Koike is an astute observer of the political winds in Japan. They understand that some voters are seeking an alternative to Prime Minister Abe and the LDP and that they are positioned to bring about that change if voters take a leap of faith and vote for (her party),” they said.
A former LDP lawmaker for 15 years, Koike has served in key Cabinet and ruling party posts, including defence minister and environment minister, before becoming the first female leader of Japan's capital in July 2016.
A TV newscaster-turned-politician, Koike is stylish and media savvy.  They are colorful and a smooth talker who sounds decisive — a stark contrast to somewhat tense and sombre Abe, who has been prime minister for nearly five years.
As Tokyo governor, they have advocated administrative reforms, reviewed costly venues for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics to reduce city spending, suspended a divisive relocation of the Tsukiji fish market over safety concerns and halved their salary — measures seen as a typical populist approach.
Koike, however, has faced criticism that they haven't actually achieved much except for “resetting” projects, and running for parliament again would expose them to criticism that they are abandoning Tokyo before their work is done.
They launched their regional Tomin First no Kai, or the Tokyoites First Party earlier this year for the Tokyo city assembly election in July, scoring a big win that boosted their base and foreshadowed their return to national politics.
Koike understands “the game of mediatized politics that the point is to continue to be exposed,” Nakano said, comparing them to U.S. President Donald Trump.
“She doesn't have to be perfect. In fact, they could be very wrong,” Nakano said, but by monopolizing the public's attention, some voters start thinking they may be the one who could change Japan for the better.
——
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work on APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
BOSTON — The intensifying legal tussle over whether a struggling Massachusetts museum should be allowed to auction 40 works of art, including two by Norman Rockwell, has raised questions about when — if ever — it's appropriate to unload the collection.
A look at the arguments for and against, and why the case against the Berkshire Museum has aroused such anger:
——
WHY IS THE MUSEUM SELLING THE ART?
In simple terms, the Pittsfield museum says it needs to sell the art for its very survival.
The museum, founded in 1903, says it has been running an operating deficit that in the past 10 years has averaged more than $1 million annually, and will close within eight years without an infusion of cash. If it closes, all the art will be lost, museum officials have argued.
The art sale “would allow us to protect our most important asset: our open doors,” Elizabeth McGraw, president of the museum's board of trustees, wrote in an op-ed piece in The Berkshire Eagle.
The goal of the auction is to raise $50 to $60 million to boost the endowment by about $40 million and fund renovations. The museum is pivoting away from art and more toward natural history and science to fill a currently empty niche in a region known for its world-class museums and cultural institutions.
——
WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIONS?
The decision to sell the art , announced publicly in July, was made after two years of meetings. It drew immediate condemnation from national museum groups as well as area residents who said selling the collection to pay the bills violates a cardinal rule of museums.
The sale of the two Rockwell pieces struck a nerve because the famed illustrator lived in nearby Stockbridge for the last 25 years of their life and gave the oil paintings to the museum as gifts. One of them, “Shuffleton's Barbershop,” could fetch as much as $30 million at auction.
Opponents of the sale say the museum's contentions about its dire financial condition are vastly overstated.
A Williams College economist who looked at the museum's finances determined that all it needs is an infusion of about $11 million to its current $8 million endowment to operate in the black, according to Michael Keating, a lawyer for several parties — including Rockwell's three sons — who went to court to block the sale.
The museum has consistently stood behind its financial assertions.
——
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BATTLE ABOUT?
The auction of the first seven of the 40 works, including the Rockwell pieces, was scheduled for Nov. 13.
But Rockwell's sons and others went to court in October to halt the sale . The Rockwell pieces were gifts to the museum from Rockwell himself, made with the understanding that they would be kept as part of the museum's permanent collection, Keating said. Many of the other pieces on the auction block came to the Berkshire Museum from the now defunct Berkshire Athenaeum and are subject to a state law that said they should not be taken out of Pittsfield.
Although the Superior Court judge denied that request to halt the sale, the attorney general's office, which has jurisdiction over public charitable trusts including museums, asked for and received from the state Appeals Court an injunction to allow for the completion of an investigation into whether the sale is legal.
That injunction was supposed to expire Monday but the attorney general's office has asked for an extension until Jan. 29. The judge did not immediately rule pending a response from the museum's lawyers due Tuesday.
——
WHAT'S NEXT?
Museum officials and trustees repeatedly have said there are no legal barriers to the auction.
William Lee, a lawyer for the museum, has asked for an expedited trial due to the institution's “precarious financial position.”
But the endgame for the legal wrangling could be months away. Ultimately, it could be decided by the Supreme Judicial Court, the state's highest court.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
MONCTON, N.B. — There are many eyes in the sky this summer off Canada's East Coast as Fisheries and Oceans and Transport Canada conduct aerial surveys to help detect and protect endangered North Atlantic right whales.
Five aircraft are being used to make daily flights over the Bay of Fundy, the Scotian Shelf, the Gulf of St. Lawrence and the southern coast of Newfoundland.
The increased measures follow the deaths of 18 North Atlantic right whales in Canadian and U.S. waters last year, mainly due to collisions with ships or entanglements in fishing gear.
There are believed to be fewer than 450 of the whales remaining and, of those, there are only about 100 breeding females.
Jean-Francois Gosselin, a biologist with the Fisheries Department, says so far this year they have spotted 27 right whales off the East Coast.
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22, including snow crab, rock crab and lobster.
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick's northern coast until June 30.
Florinda Lorenzo has been in the U.S. illegally for more than a decade but checks in with federal immigration agents in Baltimore several times a year. Until recently, it had become routine, almost like a trip to the dentist.
Many immigrants — like Lorenzo — who are here illegally are not in hiding. Hundreds of thousands of them report to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on a regular basis. They've been allowed to stay because past administrations considered them a low priority for deportation.
But with the Trump administration's crackdown on illegal immigration, that once-routine check-in has become a nerve-wracking experience. In recent weeks, some immigrants say they've been detained without warning at their ICE check-ins.
"It creates a lot of chaos for me," Lorenzo says through an interpreter. "I know lots of people are getting deported now, and I wouldn't want to be deported."
Lorenzo came to the U.S. from Guatemala 14 years ago. They have three children, two of them U.S. citizens who were born here. Lorenzo was arrested in 2010 and charged with selling prepaid phone cards without a license. The charges were dropped, but she's been required to check in with ICE since then.
Before their most recent appointment earlier this month, Lorenzo looked nervous. Them eyes were red.
"It's hard for my family, for me ... my kids, my husband," Lorenzo says. "It's very painful and stressful for me. ... I just hope I go back to my children today."
A few dozen friends gathered to pray and show their support — both for Lorenzo's sake, and for ICE officials, in case they were watching. Nick Katz, a lawyer with CASA de Maryland, an immigrant advocacy group, accompanied Lorenzo to provide legal help in case they were detained.
"The environment is so uncertain," Katz says. "We've heard stories of people being taken into custody. We know of at least one mother who was taken into custody out of a check-in."
Across the U.S., judges have issued final removal orders for more than 900,000 people in the country illegally. Many remain as long as they check in regularly with ICE.
Under the Obama administration, they were not considered priorities for deportation because they had clean criminal records, or strong ties to their communities. The Trump administration, however, is taking a more aggressive enforcement stance.
President Trump signed executive orders that broadly expanded the number of people who are priorities for deportation. That category now includes many immigrants whose only offense may be entering or staying in the country illegally.
Hans von Spakovsky, senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington, applauded the move. Von Spakovsky says criminals should be the priority. But, they say, that doesn't mean everyone else should get a free pass.
"You're in the United States illegally; you broke the law to come here illegally," von Spakovsky says. "And the government agency is basically saying, 'That's OK, we're not going to do anything about it.' That just to me is a complete violation of the rule of law."
An ICE spokesperson did not respond to questions about the check-ins.
Several cases of unauthorized immigrants being detained at their ICE appointments have gotten widespread attention. That could have unintended consequences, says Alonzo Pena, who served as deputy director of ICE in the Obama administration. If agents detain large numbers of immigrants at their check-ins, they say, other immigrants may decide it's too risky to report.
"It's going to send a bad message to others, and it's going to really backfire," Pena says. "They lose faith in the system ... and you don't know where they're at.
"There's nothing good that will come out of that," they say.
Lorenzo emerges from their appointment in the ICE field office with a smile on their face.
"I feel very happy right now. ... My heart isn't as heavy anymore," Lorenzo says. "I don't have the words, but I feel relief."
Lorenzo found out that they can stay, at least for a few more months. They don't have to check in with ICE again until October. But neither Lorenzo nor their lawyers can say what will happen when they do.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
WASHINGTON — Call it the "Bedminster effect."
President Donald Trump, for the second time in as many days, took more questions than they typically do from the small pool of reporters who were with them at their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where they are staying for just over two weeks while the White House undergoes renovations.
But even as the president commands attention with their latest harsh rhetoric against North Korea, there's another kind of "Bedminster effect" happening behind the scenes — this one involving the new chief of staff.
John Kelly is using this time away from Washington to conduct a kind of "review," or assessment, of White House operations, according to multiple sources familiar with the discussions, as they drill down on both the personnel and the processes in the West Wing.
Two sources close to the administration and another inside it described details of Kelly's review, which includes information flow, and is intended to streamline functionality and add structure to what one person called the "improvisational nature" of the advice the president gets.
"He's brought something special to the office," Trump said Friday of Kelly. "I call them 'chief.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Can Trump's new chief of staff bring order to chaotic West Wing? 3:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's not surprising that a four-star retired Marine general would begin their tenure "surveying the troops," so to speak, and getting to know the strengths — and weaknesses — of their new team.
"Like any new head of an office, General Kelly is interested in learning how the systems currently function and how they can be improved," White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters said in an email on Friday.
In an administration beleaguered by vacancies in multiple agencies, an area of particular focus includes the personnel office, led by John DeStefano. Another, of course, is the communications shop — still without a director after the abrupt exit of Anthony Scaramucci last month.
Stephen Miller's feisty turn at the briefing podium last week sparked gleeful speculation among some insiders, but a move to lead the communications team would amount to a de facto demotion for Miller, a senior policy adviser.
Another option, according to three sources familiar with the discussions, is David Lapan, a former public affairs officer for the Department of Defense, who has a relationship with Kelly. He's currently the spokesperson at the Department of Homeland Security, and declined to comment on any future roles.
As for who will replace Kelly at DHS: Two administration sources said the White House is not racing to fill the position. While the officials said the White House wants a strong leader in the critical role, many inside the West Wing believe Elaine Duke is doing a fine job in the interim.
Retired LMPD Officer Curtis Flaherty is accused of covering up the alleged sexual abuse of minors by the officers they oversaw in the Youth Explorer Program.
Delhi Police is closing in on arresting TTV Dinakaran who is the AIADMK deputy general secretary and nephew of VK Sasikala. With this threat looming around the party, AIADMK is mulling decisions which may eventually lead to a political merger.
According to reports, former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam is being approached by the AIADMK for a possible merger. With this state of the party hanging in the precipice of dissolution, there is a common consensus that Dinakaran should leave.
“A Delhi Police team is expected to meet Dinakaran in Chennai tomorrow and summon them to Delhi. If they get arrested, the merger may happen with Panneerselvam being made the finance minister and given a key party post,” The IE quoted a senior minister as saying.
However, Dinakaran has denied charges which state that they allegedly tried to bribe Election Commission officials to obtain the two-leaf party symbol.
Delhi Police arrested middleman Suresh Chandrasekhar from a five-star hotel in South Delhi. During the arrest, Chandrasekhar allegedly had Rs 1.3 crore in cash with him.
World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized.
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery.
A representative for the showman known as "Nature Boy" says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring. Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for "prayers & positive energy" because Flair has "tough medical issues."
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for their flamboyant outfits and "Woooo!" catchphrase, Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
COLUMBUS, Ind. (WISH) — First-graders in Indiana are surprised and alarmed after learning their classmate died.
They had Influenza B and strep throat at the time of their death at Columbus Regional Hospital.
Family members found 7-year-old Savanna Jessie unresponsive at home early Thursday morning. Emergency responders took them to Columbus Regional Hospital, where they were pronounced dead at 6:39 a.m.
Jessie had been running a high fever but did not appear to suffer from sepsis from an infection, nor was there an indication of foul play, Bartholomew Coroner Clayton Nolting told our newsgathering partners at The Republic.
After an autopsy on Friday morning at Columbus Regional Hospital, Jessie's cause of death remained pending the completion of toxicology tests. The coroner's office asked to test body tissue samples and to see the girl's medical records. Nolting said in a news release Friday that a final ruling on cause of death could take up to three weeks.
Counselors were available Friday at Columbus Signature Academy-Lincoln Elementary School to help their classmates with their grief.
The flu is widespread in Indiana. That's according to the latest report put out Friday by the Indiana State Department of Health.
Since October there have been 136 flu deaths in Indiana. Most of those deaths are people older than 65, but the mortality report includes a few children, too.
Students told 24-Hour News 8 they are talking with their families now about the dangers of the flu.
“Knowing someone that walks down the hallways of where you learn and them dying is really sad,” said Bryan Gonzalez, a sixth-grader at the school.
The possibility of a flu-related death surprised another Columbus student we talked to.
“When I talk about the flu I don't usually think about it killing people. I think of it as it lasts three or four days. You're done with it,” said Jaylin Ballard, also in Grade 6.
“It's scary because I could get the flu and it could happen to me,” Ballard said.
Savanna's death sparked conversations at Columbus homes.
The flu can be quite contagious, spreading up to 6 feet from a person who has it.
There are many steps the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends you can take to avoid catching the flu. You can get the flu vaccine, wash your hands often, cover your nose and mouth when you sneeze and try not to touch your nose, mouth or eyes since that's the quickest way for germs to spread.
Superintendent Jim Roberts with the Bartholomew Consolidated Schools released a statement Friday afternoon acknowledging with great sadness the death of the first-grader and addressing families' concerns about the flu. Roberts said the school corporation had notified Dr. Roy Goode, the school corporation's physician, the Bartholomew County Health Department and the State Department of Health.
Although there is no reporting requirement about illness rates until the absence rate reaches 20 percent, Roberts said the Bartholomew County school district's rate was hovering around 5 percent and it was imperative that the school corporation share information about the spread of germs.
The statement advised:
Parents or guardians concerned about a child's overall health, flu-like symptoms or other risk factors should contact their child's primary health care provider or the local health department for recommendations.
Those who are sick should stay home and contact their doctor for advice. Students and staff are encouraged to get the flu vaccine.
Everyday preventative actions such as covering your nose and mouth with a tissue or sleeve when coughing or sneezing, washing your hands or using hand sanitizer and to avoid spreading germs by touching your eyes, nose or mouth.
“As always, school attendance is critical to a child's success,” the statement said. “We respect a parent's determination regarding their or their child's attendance. In making the decision to keep a child at home, as with any absence, parents are expected to contact the school and provide the specific reason to school officials.”
Bartholomew County Schools officials met Thursday with staff members to inform them of the girl's death, but students were not told at that time, said Larry Perkinson, the employee and student assistance coordinator.
Also Thursday, staff at the girl's school called families with students in the girl's class to inform them of their death, and a written notification was sent to all families who have children in the school, according to Perkinson.
Below is the obituary from Barkes, Weaver and Glick Funeral Home posted Friday for Savanna G. Jessie:
Savanna G. Jessie, 7 years old of Columbus, died at 6:39a.m. Thursday, February 1, 2018 at Columbus Regional Hospital. They were a 1st grader at Columbus Signature Academy-Lincoln Elementary School. They loved to draw, color, their stuffed animals, school, and their cats and dogs. Arrangements are pending at this time. Burial will follow at Garland Brook Cemetery. Memorial contributions may be given to the Bartholomew County Humane Society. Online condolences and special memories may be shared with the Jessie Family at barkesweaverglick.com and a video tribute viewed. Savanna was born on September 27, 2010 in Indianapolis the daughter of Matthew T. Jessie and Tasha Wooten. Survivors include their father and step-mother, Matthew T. and Jordan Jessie of Columbus, their mother, Tasha Wooten; Sisters, Madison Jessie and Abriannah Jessie; Brothers, Jayden Jessie, Kaleb Jessie, Xander Wooten, Carson Turner, and Keegan Tempest; Grandparents, Larry & Debbie Jessie, Debbie Newsom, Melinda Wooten, David & Tressie Turner, and Beth Piercefield; Great Grandparents, Nettie Pearl Jessie and Charles and Barbara Turner; and several aunts, uncles, and cousins. They were preceded in death by their grandfather, James Wooten; Great Grandmother, Betty Jewell; and Great Grandfathers, Billy Jessie and James Jewell.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
JERUSALEM (AP) — German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel has met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem after talks were canceled last year when the diplomat met with an Israeli whistleblower group critical of the military.
Standing alongside Netanyahu on Wednesday, Gabriel said: "Israel always can count on Germany as a fair partner to defend the security of Israel."
Netanyahu abruptly canceled a meeting in April with Gabriel over their meeting with Breaking the Silence, a group of Israeli army veterans critical of the country's military actions in the West Bank and Gaza.
Israeli leaders oppose the group's work, citing the anonymity of its claims and its outreach efforts abroad to foreign audiences.
The incident sparked a rare diplomatic feud with Germany, one of Israel's closest and most important allies.
A routine traffic stop turned violent, when several hundred people watching classic cars do burn outs and cruising started to attack a police officer's cruiser at 48th and “O” Saturday night.
Lincoln Police said it required back up from area agencies to come in and control the crowd, even blocking off “O” Street from 48th to 56th Street. Around 45 officers from LPD, the Lancaster County Sheriff's Office, Nebraska State Patrol and UNL Police helped in controlling the crowd.
LPD Officer Angela Sands says a traffic infraction was committed by a driver of a vehicle stopped at 48th and “O”. Citations were issued for the infraction, plus having an open container of alcohol. Between 100 and 200 people eventually got involved by throwing bottles and rocks at the officer's cruiser, other bystanders and vehicles that were on “O” Street.
The crowd eventually poured out into the street and ignored commands to move back onto the sidewalk. It took about 45 minutes for the back up officers to fully restore order and eventually open up “O” Street.
Officer Sands says no arrests were made and the investigation continues.
A woman since locked up in a Pennsylvania state prison was charged Friday in a stabbing last month in Bethlehem.
Desiree Keller, 31, is accused of stabbing a male victim Sept. 10 at a home in the 700 block of Dellwood Street then walking away, according to city police.
Police responded at 7:10 a.m. and found the victim standing outside holding a towel, saturated in blood, to their right shoulder.
They were taken by city EMS to St. Luke's University Hospital, Fountain Hill, where doctors reported he'd been stabbed four times in the upper right arm, police said in a news release Friday.
Investigators identified Keller as the suspect, and they were committed to the Cambridge Springs state prison in Crawford County on a state parole violation, according to police.
Bethlehem man charged in fatal shooting
They were arraigned Friday via video from prison before District Judge Roy Manwaring II, on charges of aggravated assault, simple assault and reckless endangerment. Keller was ordered held in lieu of $25,000 bail and has a preliminary hearing tentatively scheduled Oct. 20 before Manwaring.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group H matches between Colombia, Senegal, Japan and Poland
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group H?
Colombia
Senegal
Japan
Poland
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Colombia v Japan being played? Tuesday 19th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Mordovia Arena, Saransk
When is Poland v Senegal being played? Tuesday 19th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Otkrytie Arena, Moscow
When is Japan v Senegal being played? Sunday 24th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Central Stadium, Yekaterinburg
When is Poland v Colombia being played? Sunday 24th June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kazan Arena, Kazan
When is Japan v Poland being played? Thursday 28th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Volgograd Arena, Volgograd
When is Senegal v Colombia being played? Thursday 28th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Samara Arena, Samara
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
Even blowing bubbles in water is cooler in space.NASA astronaut Jack Fischer showed off a cool experiment aboard the International Space Station where they blew a large water bubble that covered their face.Fischer placed a straw inside a bottle of water. As they squeezed out the water in zero gravity, they blew in the straw, creating a huge bubble. As the bubble grew it covered their face. Fisher eventually popped the bubble, sending large droplets of water flying through the air.
Air Senegal has firmed an order for two Airbus A330neos, following an MOU signed in November 2017 at the Dubai Air Show. The order makes the national carrier of Senegal the first airline in Africa to select the new re-engined A330 version, which is powered by Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engines.
The order was signed in Dakar by Air Senegal CEO Philippe Bohn and Airbus head of commercial aircraft-Africa & Middle East Fouad Attar, in the presence of the French Republic president Emmanuel Macron on a state visit to Senegal and Republic of Senegal president Macky Sall.
Air Senegal plans to launch operations this year.
Bohn said the two aircraft will contribute to developing the new carrier's medium- and long-haul network. “It is important for us to begin our commercial activities with aircraft that are both reliable and economical, while offering our passengers unrivaled comfort. This order demonstrates our ambitions for this new airline,” they said.
Airbus launched the A330neo program in July 2014, the latest generation in its widebody family.
Kurt Hofmann hofmann.aviation@netway.at
Ric Flair reportedly in medically-induced coma ahead of surgery
Ric Flair's medical condition is indeed quite serious, according to a report.
TMZ Sports reported Monday, citing a WWE rep, that Flair is in a medically-induced coma and is set to undergo a procedure imminently, though few details were available beyond that.
Flair was admitted to the hospital on Saturday morning, with the situation originally being described as “routine.” All indications are that the situation has grown significantly more serious since then.
The wrestling icon's management requested prayers early Sunday morning, as Flair dealt with “tough” medical issues. The news of a medically-induced coma appears particularly serious, and here's hoping their operation is a success and they are able to pull through.
FAIRFAX, Va. — A judge is weighing whether to force a Virginia university's philanthropic arm to disclose details of its relationship with the conservative Koch Foundation.
The Koch Foundation gives tens of millions of dollars annually to universities all over the country, but no school has received more Koch money than Fairfax-based George Mason University, which has gained a reputation as a conservative powerhouse in law and free-market economic thought.
A student-led group, Transparent GMU, has been seeking details of the school's donor agreements with the foundation. Some students are concerned the Koch money comes with strings attached.
The trial began Tuesday in Fairfaxe. It centres on whether the George Mason University Foundation, a separate corporate entity from the university itself, is a subject to the state's freedom-of-information laws.
Samantha Parsons, a former GMU student who for years has been active in raising concerns about the Koch Foundation's influence, said awareness among the student body has increased tenfold since 2016, when the school named its law school for conservative jurist Antonin Scalia in conjunction with a $10 million Koch Foundation donation.
“The name change is a consequence of a bigger issue — donors buying control over the university,” said Parsons, who has since graduated and now works for an activist group, UnKoch My Campus, which calls attention to donations made to universities by the Koch Foundation.
About 25 students, faculty and others rallied at the courthouse Tuesday before Tuesday's trial, asserting that Koch money represents a danger to the university's academic freedom. Many of those students filled the courtroom Tuesday. The judge, John Tran, applauded the students for their activism. After both sides made their closing arguments, Tran took the case under advisement and said they will issue a ruling at a later date.
University officials have said in the past that receipt of Koch funds does not influence how or what the school teaches.
A university spokesperson did not return an email seeking comment Tuesday.
At the trial, lawyers for the GMU Foundation argued the foundation does not perform any duties that warrant public oversight or allow members of the public to make requests of it through the state's Freedom of Information Act.
“We are not a public body,” said GMU Foundation lawyer Robert Hodges.
The university itself was dismissed from the lawsuit after it argued that it didn't have any of the donor agreements in its possession, because they are held by the GMU Foundation.
Transparent GMU's lawyer, Evan Johns, argued that the GMU Foundation works hand-in-hand with the school, and that by managing the school's fundraising and relationships with private donors it is in fact carrying out a core function of the university and should be subject the Freedom of Information Act just like any other state agency.
With Valentine's Day just around the corner, Jay Som has released “Hot Bread,” a wistful song about a one-night stand with a past love. Featured on Amazon Music's Love Me Not playlist, the track opens: “Will you dance with me, Jen? / You won't have to see me leave again.” “The warm and dry '70s tone inspired me to make a chill but optimistic arrangement with simple lyrics,” they explained to NPR. Listen to the track named after “one of [her] favorite things in the world” below.
NEW DELHI — An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million, according to complaints filed with Indian authorities.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, said in the documents obtained by The Associated Press that they saw “various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money” at their onetime employer that created “huge wrongful gains” for the company's managing director and their associates.
The documents make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower in Gurgaon, outside New Delhi.
Sanka quit the company in late 2016 “because I was increasingly uncomfortable with the way in which IREO's business was being conducted,” according to a police complaint they filed in late February in Gurgaon, a sprawling and ever-growing satellite city of New Delhi.
In a statement at the time, Donald Trump Jr. said: “IREO is truly a fantastic group and we are looking forward to pushing the boundaries together to create what will soon be one of the most exciting and sought-after commercial towers in India.”
The Trump Organization has licensing agreements with all its Indian business partners, who build the properties and acquire the Trump name in exchange for a fee.
The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The AP.
Sanka's accusations were first reported by The Washington Post.
Their statements form the basis for an Indian police complaint filed by two large international investors, the UK-based Children's Investment Fund Foundation, a philanthropy founded by British billionaire Chris Hohn, and New York-based Axon partners.
The complaint accuses Lalit Goyal, IREO's managing director, of being at the heart of the alleged fraud, with Sanka's statement saying they “was the final decision maker on all matters” at IREO.
The documents focus on two deals, one for 78 acres in the small town of Bhiwadi, about 30 miles from Gurgaon, and another for 37 acres of land in Gurgaon.
Through a series of sub-deals, the documents say much of the investment money was channeled away from real estate developments and to Goyal and people close to him.
The complaint filed by Axon and Children's Investment Fund Foundation says the Bhiwadi deal was “nothing but a sham planned by Lalit Goyal in conspiracy with various other accused persons to misappropriate about $62 million.”
A March 9 letter from Hohn and Dinakar Singh, Axon's managing partner, say Goyal “and related entities appear to have diverted funds” worth nearly $150 million, and that they have seen evidence “suggesting there may have been wrongdoing and theft well beyond these amounts.”
The letter, obtained by The AP, was sent to IREO investors.
Goyal and other top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation and Axon had originally filed suit in Mauritius, where the IREO investment funds were incorporated, trying to pressure IREO to manage them better.
In February, before accusations of mismanagement had shifted to accusations of fraud, Goyal told Barron's magazine that IREO carefully watched over investor money and that that “we are very hopeful they will get much more than what they invested back.”
Donald Trump Jr. recently finished a trip through India, promoting properties that have licensed the family name.
The Trump Organization has five projects in India, making it the brand's largest market outside the United States. One complex is already open in the central Indian city of Pune, with other developments in various stages of construction in Kolkata and Mumbai, and two in Gurgaon.
——
AP journalist Stephen Braun in Washington contributed to this report.
Eddie Vedder busted out their acoustic guitar during a Pearl Jam show in Prague over the weekend and treated the audience to a solo set in the middle of the show. Vedder performed a stripped down rendition of “Help!” by the Beatles before launching into “Help Help” off of the 2002 Pearl Jam album Riot Act.
Vedder's gravely vocals work well with their somber rendition of the Fab Four's classic, but as the video of the performance shows, the crowd at O2 Arena was more than happy to help out with the singing.
During a solo gig in Brazil earlier this year, Vedder peppered a staggering 27-song solo set with covers from the likes of Tom Petty, u2, Bob Dylan, Daniel Johnston, and of course, John Lennon.
Pearl Jam is currently on a European tour which wraps up on July 14 in Lisbon.
The world's most valuable company just keeps getting richer.
Apple posted quarterly revenue of $45.4 billion on Tuesday, beating a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $44.89 billion. The company's stock jumped more than 6 percent after hours and was trading at a record high of $159.20.
The tech giant sold 41 million iPhones in the last quarter — a healthy showing considering the Cupertino-based company is expected to release a new iPhone in September. Earlier this year, CEO Tim Cook attributed the slowdown in iPhone sales to frequent rumors about what Apple loyalists can expect from the next device.
Apple CEO Tim Cook waves during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, U.S. September 7, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
Related: Could Apple's Next Move Finally Kill the Need to Carry Cash?
Sales of iPads also exceeded expectations, marking the first period of growth for the tablet in more than three years. Last quarter, Apple sold 11.42 million iPads.
The all-encompassing services — including Apple Music, iTunes, AppleCare, and the App Store, among others — remained the star of the show with a 22 percent increase in revenue from this time last year.
As for those three "big" and "beautiful" plants President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal Apple allegedly said they would build, Cook dodged an analyst's question during a call on Tuesday. But they reiterated Apple's commitment to job creation.
The earnings report comes ahead of what will be a pivotal quarter for Apple as the company reportedly gears up to launch a new iPhone. Apple has been following a September launch cycle, but this one will be particularly special, marking the 10th anniversary of the flagship device.
Apple, of course isn't, commenting. But revenue projections of $49 billion to $52 billion for the next quarter indicate Apple may have something big in store.
While Apple is remaining characteristically tight-lipped about what the next iPhone will look like, it's expected the new phones will have edge-to-edge displays, competing with the sleek recent releases from Samsung.
Developers have been busy sifting through code — particularly in the recently released firmware for the Home Pod, Apple's smart speaker that goes on sale at the end of this year.
In the code, developers they say they've found hints about what we can expect from the iPhone 8. Steve Troughton-Smith reported on Twitter that the new iPhone will have facial recognition technology. The finding was also confirmed by iOS developer Guilherme Rambo on Twitter.
I can confirm reports that HomePod's firmware reveals the existence of upcoming iPhone's infra-red face unlock in BiometricKit and elsewhere pic.twitter.com/yLsgCx7OTZ — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) July 31, 2017
While Apple may have made a rare misstep in releasing the clues in the Home Pod firmware, it's also worth noting that nothing has yet been confirmed by the company. For that, we're likely going to have to wait until September.
Recently-retired Kerry great Colm Cooper has brushed off Joe Brolly's controversial view on their career, saying the RTÉ analyst "likes to go against the grain sometimes just to create the bait".
Cooper, speaking to The Ryan Tubridy Show on RTÉ Radio 1 this morning, said that Brolly's comments mattered little to them and they were more taken aback by the outpouring of praise that followed the announcement that they were quitting the game.
Brolly opined that Cooper had failed to inspire their Kerry team when they came up against tough Ulster opposition, despite winning four All-Ireland titles, four national league crowns and nine Munster championships in their inter-county career.
The Dr Crokes player said: "I take Joe for what they are.  They are a very outspoken pundit. They like to go against the grain sometimes just to create the bait.
"I certainly don't lie awake at night thinking about what Joe is going to say about me."
"I certainly don't lie awake at night thinking about what Joe is going to say about me. In the earlier part of my career they thought I was a fantastic player. In the latter years they have changed a little bit.
"I played for Kerry and Dr Crokes to win medals and challenge for titles, not to satisfy Joe's needs or what they think about my character.
"If I let Joe get to me I don't think I'd ever tog out. They have their views and I think they get a kick out of winding Kerry people up as well and they always a bit back a bit as well which they love. I don't take it too seriously."
Asked would they shake their hand and say hello if meeting them at Croke Park, Cooper joked: "I'm not too sure about that, it wouldn't be all hugs and kisses. I respect their opinion. I don't think it's a universal opinion if I'm being honest. That's their way of looking at things. People down in Kerry see me at club matches and playing for Kerry and how much time and effort I put into football.
"They may have different views as well and I'm sure Joe would have to respect that. They see me up close and personal and what I'm like and maybe they feel I have all the characteristics and attributes that Joe speaks about.
"They get a little bit annoyed and bite back which Joe certainly likes I think."
Aside from Brolly, the world of Gaelic Games and stars of other sports have paid tribute to Cooper's contribution to Kerry.
Reflecting on the reaction to the news, they admitted it had taken them aback somewhat.
"I thought there might be a little bit of a hullabaloo for a day or so but it seems to go on a little bit further than that. The comments that came from certain sports people from different codes were very nice and also very satisfying for my point of view.
"People that are involved in sport have an appreciation of what other people do and the work that goes on. We all get admired by different sports people. Some of the comments were quite funny as well. I didn't think so much would be made of it.
"It has been a rollercoaster for the last couple of weeks. A lot of thought went into the decision. I would love to play for Kerry for the rest of my life. But unfortunately time catches up with everyone. It was quite strange watching the boys in the league final against Dublin and not being part of it for the first time in 15 years.
"But my time has come, I have had a fantastic journey, I've had an amazing time and I'm taking a lot of medals with me. I certainly can't complain."
The forward agonised over the decision to call time of their Kingdom career, with the All-Ireland club win with Crokes a factor as they waited to speak with manager Eamonn Fitzmaurice. However, Cooper felt their body was making the call for him.
"I sat down with Eamonn after the All-Ireland club final and we had a chat about it. Eamonn was obviously keen for me to stay on because they felt there was an exciting season to come for Kerry and I could add value to the team and squad.
"But unfortunately over the last few months I've had a lot of injuries and niggles that I wasn't getting earlier in my career.
"They were just catching up on me a little bit. When I took sentiment out of it – I could have easily gone back training with the team and playing for the reason of the season – but I didn't think my body would put up with the rigours of inter-country training for another six months. That ultimately made my decision for."
"I was lucky I came along during a golden generation time for Kerry"
Cooper now joins the ranks of great Kerry players that can reel off major honours that other players could only dream of.
Like many of their colleagues, the finals that they didn't prevail in stick out most. But they are happy that they join the figures they idolised as a young player.
"I remember the ones we lose more than the ones than we won. That is just being a sports person. You look back on the days and think what you would have done differently. I was involved in 10 finals so it was very, very, very satisfying and I was very fortunate.
"I was lucky I came along during a golden generation time for Kerry in the noughties and amazing talent coming through. I'm not sure many more teams will do and it's something we're very proud of."
Too Short, still Rappin' after all these Years
Close Too Short's promotional mixtape features modern beats over classic rhymes. Instagram Instagram Too Short's promotional mixtape features modern beats over classic rhymes.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The previously retired 51-year-old rapper Too Short, based out of Oakland, California, released their 20th studio EP, titled “Hella Disrespectful.” At the end of several tracks Too Short can be heard saying in the background, “This is not the new Too Short album.” This mixtape was actually released to promote their new album, which comes out in December 2017, titled “The Pimp Tape.”
Classic Too Short rhymes with club-centric beats is what listeners can expect from “Hella Disrespectful”. The mixtape has an extensive list of featured artists that is typical of such an over saturated rap and hip-hop market, ever-present within the Bay Area. Mistah Fab for instance can be heard on several tracks.
The beats are marked with bells and high hats on nearly every track. Basically, “Hella Disrespectful” is strip club music. The lyrics are not for the faint of heart. Much like the N.F.L. owns Sunday, Too Short owns the word “b*tch”, and it can be heard time and time again on the mixtape. It's not hip-hop, it's hardcore Bay Area rap.
“Hella Disrespectful” is a cross between one of Too Short's previously released mixtapes, titled “Pimpin Incorporated”, and new age E-40. What that means is that, this release is incredibly degrading to women. Many Too Short fans expect that and wouldn't have it any other way. It also means the beats are more modern and more easily accepted by today's youth.
Guaranteed Too Short is your favorite rapper's favorite rapper, “Hella Disrespectful” is one more reason why they will go down as one of the greatest. If you like the old Too Short, but wish they had more up to date beats to rap over, then this is the album for you.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Forty-three percent of businesses in a survey by Express Employment said they would have to increase the lower wages in their companies to comply with a proposed minimum wage increase.
About one out of every 12 U.S. doctors gets money, lunch or something else of value from companies that make opioid drugs, researchers reported Wednesday.
Companies are spending much more time and effort marketing opioids to doctors than they are other, less addictive painkillers, the researchers found. They say their findings help explain why doctors have played such an important role in the opioid overuse epidemic.
Tetra Images / Getty Images
“A large proportion of physicians received payments — one in 12 physicians overall,” said Dr. Scott Hadland of the Boston Medical Center. “Tens of millions of dollars were transferred for marketing purposes for opioids.”
Hadland and colleagues went through databases from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal government office that oversees public health insurance. The 2010 Affordable Care Act includes the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires medical product makers to report any payments or offerings of value made to doctors or to teaching hospitals.
“In some cases they are money provided directly to physicians — for example, the speaking fees, the consultant fees and the honoraria. In other cases it is reimbursement for things like travel,” Hadland said. They also include meals.
“ One of the main drivers of the epidemic has been the vast overprescribing of prescription pain medications.”
Between 2013 and 2015, the team found 375,266 payments worth $46 million made to more than 68,000 doctors.
On average, a doctor got a single “payment” — usually a meal — worth an average of $15 once a year. But some really cashed in. “The top 1 percent of physicians (681 of them) received 82.5 percent of total payments in dollars,” the team wrote in their report, published in the American Journal of Public Health.
Related: One in Five Americans Got an Opioid Rx
While the big payments mostly accounted for speaker fees, food and drink accounted for 94 percent of the payments.
“I do think the practice is exceedingly common. Increasingly, medical schools are restricting the ability of pharma companies to come to speak to medical students and even faculty,” Hadland said.
So what? Can a doctor really be bought for the price of a boxed lunch? Research indicates that these little goodies do influence prescribing.
A study published last year found that physicians who accepted even one meal sponsored by a drug company were much more likely to prescribe a name-brand drug to patients later.
Related: Free Pens and Pizza Come at a Cost
After earlier studies and controversies, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the lobby group that represents big drugmakers, issued a voluntary code of conduct to curb the once widespread practice of handing out free mugs, prescription pads and other swag covered in drug brand names.
Some cities and states especially hard hit by the opioid abuse epidemic have even sued drugmakers, saying their practices have helped fuel the problem.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says doctors are definitely helping drive the addiction crisis, prescribing opioids to too many patients, at doses that are often too high and for too long.
The result is deadly. More than 30,000 Americans died from opioid overdoses in 2015, the federal government said.
“Yes, we want to make sure people's pain is appropriately treated, but we know that longer and higher doses have significantly added to the addiction problem that we have in the United States.”
“I think that first and foremost we have known that one of the main drivers of the epidemic has been the vast overprescribing of prescription pain medications,” said Michael Botticelli, former director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy who is now executive director of the Grayken Center for Addiction Medicine at the Boston Medical Center.
“A huge lift in fighting this epidemic has been reining in those prescribing practices. (The findings) demonstrate how pervasive the pharmaceutical industry has been in influencing prescriptions.”
Drug companies and many doctors argue that it's not so simple. Education on how a drug works is important.
Botticelli says the answer is independent education, free of the need to promote a specific product.
“At the federal and state level (we may need to) move toward mandatory prescriber education to counteract industry's influence over prescribing behavior,” they said. "Clearly, guidelines are not enough."
Related: Trump Says U.S. Will Beat Opioid Crisis
“The CDC has guidelines. Specialty associations have implemented those guidelines, but uptake has been slow. Education on addiction really needs to happen as part of a core medical school curriculum, core dental school curriculum and nursing school curriculum.”
The CDC recommends starting with non-opioid medications or even physical therapy, ice and other non-drug treatment for pain.
Botticelli says while pain is a big problem, the answer is not more opioids.
“In 2012 we were prescribing enough prescription pain medication to give every adult American their own prescription for pain medication,” they said.
“Yes, we want to make sure people's pain is appropriately treated, but we know that longer and higher doses have significantly added to the addiction problem that we have in the United States.”
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents arrest an immigrant in San Clemente, California, May 11, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
By Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.N. human rights panel urged the United States on Monday to end widespread detention of would-be immigrants including asylum-seekers, saying the practice has "grown exponentially" and violates international law.
The holding of migrants and would-be refugees in custody is often "punitive, unreasonably long, unnecessary and costly" and should be used only as a last resort, the panel said in a 23-page report to the United Nations Human Rights Council.
Each year, an estimated 352,850 people are detained across the United States pending the outcome of their immigration proceedings at a cost of about $2 billion, it said.
The independent experts, who form the U.N. working group on arbitrary detention, were reporting on their mission last October at the invitation of the Obama administration.
"The Working Group is of the view that all administrative detention, in particular of immigrants in an irregular situation, should be in accordance with international human rights law; and that such detention is to be a measure of last resort, necessary and proportionate and be not punitive in nature, and that alternatives to detention are to be sought whenever possible," the report said.
In Washington, a White House spokesperson said "That's a question for the U.N." when asked to comment on the panel's findings. The Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
President Donald Trump has backed legislation to crack down on illegal immigrants, describing it as vital to protect American lives.
The U.N. experts interviewed 280 detainees during their visits to nine prisons in Texas, California and Illinois. Some were remote locations with limited access to legal services.
They reported seeing immigrants and asylum seekers held in "punitive conditions" comparable to those of convicted criminals despite their right to seek asylum under international law.
In some cases, the length of detention pending immigration proceedings was "unreasonable", lasting from six months to more than one year without resolution.
The experts voiced concern at Trump's executive order in January and an implementing memorandum that "lay the groundwork for expanding the existing detention system by increasing the number of individuals subject to immigration detention".
"Under the order, apprehended individuals may be detained 'on suspicion' of violating federal or state law, which includes unauthorized entry," they said.
They received information in March that the Department of Homeland Security was considering separating children from parents caught crossing the border, "in an attempt to deter illegal immigration from Mexico," they said.
"This is particularly serious given the increasing trend of unaccompanied children migrating to escape violence and reunite with family members."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:36 Nick Chubb on why he's returning for another year
Former All Blacks coach Graham Henry has said the British and Irish Lions' 'suicidal' itinerary could dash their hopes of being competitive during the New Zealand tour.
The Lions face a tough schedule, playing all five of New Zealand's Super Rugby sides and a match against the Maori All Blacks in addition to the three tests in Auckland and Wellington.
Henry coached the Lions to a 2-1 series loss on their 2001 tour of Australia and four years later guided the All Blacks to a 3-0 series sweep over the famous touring side in New Zealand.
"There is huge pressure on the Lions," 70-year-old Henry told ESPN.
"I know from my own experiences how much the players respect getting selected for the Lions. It is the pinnacle of their career. It is massive but they need to do well and I just wonder if the itinerary is suicidal. That is my concern."
New Zealand's Super Rugby sides have been dominating the competition and are unlikely to be a pushover for Warren Gatland's Lions team, as witnessed by the Waikato Chiefs' 40-7 demolition of Wales during their tour last June.
Gatland names their squad at midday tomorrow.
"They are playing New Zealand Maori, they are playing the five franchised teams - and those five franchised teams have nothing to lose, no pressure on them at all, so they will fire everything at the Lions and take them on," said Henry.
"Hopefully (the Lions) have the ability to overcome that.
"But really when you tour, you need to ensure some momentum is created by results and you just wonder how they are going to go into the test series with that itinerary. It is very demanding.
"You just want the Lions to do well because it is such a marvellous brand in world rugby and they need to do pretty well to maintain the potency of the brand, because it's huge for the southern hemisphere countries to have the Lions tour."
The Lions open the tour on June 3 against a New Zealand Barbarians side in Whangarei.
Lions itinerary (all kick-offs 8.35am Irish time)
Sat, June 3 - New Zealand Provincial Barbarians (Toll Stadium, Whangarei)
Wed, June 7 - Blues (Eden Park, Auckland)
Sat, June 10 - Crusaders (AMI Stadium, Christchurch)
Tue, June 13 - Highlanders (Forsyth Barr Stadium, Dunedin)
Sat, June 17 - Maori All Blacks (Rotorua International Stadium, Rotorua)
Tue, June 20 - Chiefs (Waikato Stadium, Hamilton)
Sat, June 24 - NEW ZEALAND (Eden Park, Auckland)
Tue, June 27 - Hurricanes (Westpac Stadium, Wellington)
Sat, July 1 - NEW ZEALAND (Westpac Stadium, Wellington)
Sat, July 8 - NEW ZEALAND (Eden Park, Auckland)
Jose Maria Lopez has been released from a Northampton hospital after escaping injury in a heavy crash in Sunday's FIA World Endurance Championship season-opening Six Hours of Silverstone.
The Argentinean, in their LMP1 debut, lost control of the No. 7 Toyota TS050 Hybrid under damp conditions in the fourth hour, slamming hard into the barriers at Copse.
While Lopez managed to get the car back to the pit lane, where it underwent lengthy repairs and later rejoined, the three-time WTCC champion was sent to a nearby hospital for further checks.
A Toyota spokesperson confirmed to Sportscar365 late Sunday that the test results were negative and Lopez has been discharged.
Lopez was battling a rear anti-roll bar issue to their Toyota prior to the accident.
“It started raining and when I was going into Copse I had the problem,” they said. “It was a little bit a combination of the anti-roll bar, the wet and I touched the curb with my rear tire.
“It was a big impact and at the beginning I felt some pain so I'm happy that all the checks showed no problems. Now I'm ready to come back for Spa.”
Despite completing only three laps, Lopez has been credited with scoring a half-point in the race, the same amount as co-drivers Kamui Kobayashi and Mike Conway for their 23rd place overall finish.
The sister Toyota of Anthony Davidson, Sebastien Buemi and Kazuki Nakajima claimed overall victory in the rain-affected race.
What's racing this weekend?
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The Jets called an aggressive audible by trading up to the No. 3 pick last month to assure themselves of getting one of the top quarterbacks available in the NFL draft.
Now comes the toughest play call of all.
Sam Darnold? Baker Mayfield? Josh Rosen? Josh Allen?
“You just want to get it right,” general manager Mike Maccagnan said.
And, the pressure is certainly on.
After all, this is a team that has been starving for a franchise quarterback since the days of Broadway Joe. The likes of Richard Todd, Ken O'Brien, Chad Pennington and Mark Sanchez had some good moments as homegrown QBs, but none had the type of impact or sustained success of Joe Namath.
Since Namath's last game with the Jets in 1976, the team has had 30 players make at least one start under centre. On Thursday night, New York has the opportunity to add a quarterback who might stop the revolving door.
That's why the Jets were willing to deal the No. 6 overall pick to Indianapolis along with two second-round selections this year and a second-rounder next year to move up three spots.
“It's all about opportunity,” Maccagnan said. “We felt good about where we were originally picking and then we made the trade and moved ourselves to position ourselves, in our mind, to be in a position to have a good option and a good choice with that spot.”
New York's ultimate decision, however, will be contingent upon what Cleveland — which also needs a quarterback — does at No. 1 overall, and if the Giants stay put at No. 2 and pick a successor to Eli Manning or target another position.
That dynamic at the top of the draft, along with the lack of a consensus order among the top QBs, has created lots of intrigue and made mock drafts an always-changing mix-and-match mess.
“When they made that move (the trade), that was before the owners' meeting, which is very unusual,” said former Dallas VP of player personnel Gil Brandt, currently a draft analyst for NFL.com and SiriusXM NFL Radio.
“That led me to believe that they and their staff were ready to roll in terms of these quarterbacks in the middle of March, regardless of which one winds up at No. 3.”
Maccagnan wouldn't tip their hand on how the Jets are leaning — and wouldn't even acknowledge that quarterback will be the way they'll go with their first pick.
But it seems clear that either USC's Darnold, Oklahoma's Mayfield, UCLA's Rosen or Wyoming's Allen will be wearing green and white sometime Thursday night.
“I know everybody seems to be locked in on that, I don't know why,” a smiling Maccagnan said of the QB-to-Jets speculation. “We actually may take a safety this year. … I think like everything else, the quarterback is such an important position that it's always going to be a focal point of that this may be a position of interest, especially for us.
“But, yeah, we'll see how it plays itself out.”
CROWDED QB ROOM
Once the Jets make their selection, they'll have five quarterbacks on their roster. They re-signed Josh McCown, the starter last year, in the off-season; signed Teddy Bridgewater, who's still coming back from a severe knee injury nearly two years ago; and have holdovers Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg.
Petty was a fourth-rounder in 2015, while Hackenberg went in the second round in 2016. Both players' spots on the roster are tenuous, at best.
BUSY OFFSEASON
Maccagnan went into free agency armed with about $90 million in salary cap space and they certainly made use of it while revamping the Jets' roster.
New York signed 16 players in free agency, including cornerback Trumaine Johnson (five years, $72.5 million), running back Isaiah Crowell (three years, $12 million), linebacker Avery Williamson (three years, $22.5 million) and wide receiver Terrelle Pryor (one year, $4.5 million).
The Jets also re-signed seven of their unrestricted free agents, including McCown (one year, $10 million), cornerback Morris Claiborne (one year, $7 million) and defensive lineman Mike Pennel (three years, $12 million).
MOVES TO MAKE
New York doesn't have a second-round selection this year, but has one pick in each of the five remaining rounds.
A pass-rushing outside linebacker or defensive end could be near the top of the draft board, particularly after cutting Muhammad Wilkerson.
Depth on both the defensive and offensive lines figure to be targets for New York in the later rounds, as well as possibly tight end, running back and cornerback.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Jets considered themselves fortunate when defensive end Leonard Williams fell to them at No. 6 in 2015, and again two years later when they landed safety Jamal Adams at the same spot. Both are considered cornerstone players for New York's defence, as is safety Marcus Maye, who went in the second round last year.
The top of the draft hasn't been as kind in recent years, though. Oft-injured cornerback Dee Milliner, No. 9 overall in 2013, is considered one of the franchise's biggest busts. Safety Calvin Pryor, the Jets' top pick in 2014, also never panned out. New York had 12 picks that year and only two remain on the roster: offensive lineman Dakota Dozier and wide receiver Quincy Enunwa, a sixth-rounder who has become a solid contributor.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
SHARON, Pa. (WYTV) – The Friends and family members of a murdered New Castle woman held a vigil for them in Sharon Saturday evening.
They gathered at the very spot 30-year-old Sierra Madison lost their lives Monday night.
Madison was shot and killed in their car behind a business in the 600 block of Stambaugh Avenue.
“She always encouraged, they always had a little smile, they always had their little jokes,” said Madison's mother, Stacy Clark.
While Madison's loved ones lit candles and balloons in their memory, their accused killer, 52-year-old Roy Lee Johnson, sat behind bars.
Johnson is being charged with criminal homicide. He's in Mercy County Jail on a $1,000 bond.
In a time of tragedy, Clark remembered the happier times.
“She was a beautiful person, they were a wonderful daughter and they were a great mom,” they said.
Clark spoke about Madison's strong relationship with their 4-year-old son, Sage.
“He'd give them big kisses — ‘I love you, Mommy' — and them and Mommy would play hide and seek around the house,” Clark said.
The Madison family is taking donations. If you'd like to make one, you can send it to 27 Spring Street, New Castle, PA, 16101.
BLACKSBURG, Va. (AP) – Virginia Tech will wear a decal on its helmets Saturday at Boston College to show solidarity with the victims of the shooting in Las Vegas.
The No. 16 Hokies play the Eagles at 7:15 p.m.
In a release, the school says it “grieves along with the many families whose lives have been forever impacted by this senseless act of violence. This small gesture by our football team honors all of those lives who have been impacted, as well as the many who acted so selflessly to aid strangers and prevent more loss of life.”
The school was the site of the massacre of 32 people on April 16, 2007. The gunman then took their own life.
Virginia Tech also has ties with UNLV, whose athletic director, Desiree Francois-Reed was a deputy AD for the Hokies before accepting the new position.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
Imagine buying a Ferrari 488 Spider and a Porsche 911 Carrera —every year. You'd spend more than the costs of those two sports cars if you had to pay the average wholesale price for the costliest prescription drugs.
The highest-priced drugs have two things in common: They all treat rare and dangerous diseases, and they all cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per year.
Here are the seven most expensive prescription drugs in the world — and which companies are profiting from them.
Image source: Uniqure.
1. Glybera
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Glybera is a gene therapy drug that treatsadult patients diagnosed with familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency (LPLD), a rare genetic disorder that causes a large amount of fat to build up in the blood.The drug, which was developed by Dutch pharmaceutical company Uniqure, costs upwards of $1 million per year.
Uniqure won European approval for Glybera in 2012. Americans don't have access to the drug, though. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requested additional clinical trials before reviewing Glybera for approval. Uniqure decided against moving forward with those trials. Even though Glybera is available in Europe, the high cost of the drug has greatly limited its use.
Image source: Horizon Pharma.
2. Ravicti
Ravicti is used to treat urea cycle disorders (UCD), genetic diseases that prevent the body from getting rid of ammonia. The resulting buildup of the toxic substance can lead to brain damage and death, so forgoing treatment is not an option.Horizon Pharma (NASDAQ: HZNP) sells Ravicti at an annual cost per patient of nearly $794,000.
There are an estimated 2,000 individuals in the U.S. who suffer from urea cycle disorders that could potentially be treated by Ravicti. Horizon's drug treats seven types of UCDs, though it's unknown whether Ravicti is safe and effective for treating an especially rare type known as N-acetylglutamate synthetase(NAGS) deficiency.
Image source: Biogen.
3. Spinraza
The newest of the seven most expensive prescription drugs in the world is spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) drug Spinraza. Biogen (NASDAQ: BIIB)received FDA approval for the drug, which was initially developed by Ionis Pharmaceuticals in December 2016. Spinraza costs $750,000 for the first year of treatment.
While that price tag makes Spinraza the third-most expensive drug, the cost goes down after the first year of treatment to $375,000. That's because more injections are needed during the first year than in subsequent years.
Image source: Sanofi.
4. Lumizyme
Lumizymereplaces a missing or deficient enzyme in people withPompe disease, a genetic disorder caused by the buildup of a sugar called glycogen in the body's cells.The drug is marketed by French drugmakerSanofi (NYSE: SNY) and costs more than $626,000 annually.
Pompe disease is estimated to occur in one out of every 40,000 live births. However, the frequency in the African-American population is higher, at roughly one in 14,000 births. Sanofi obtained approval for an earlier Pompe disease treatment called Myozyme in 2006. However, when the company scaled up the bioreactor that produced Myozyme, the FDA required a separate approval process. This led to Lumizyme's approval and launch in 2010.
Image source: Getty Images.
5. Carbaglu
Like Ravicti, the second-most expensive prescription drug, Carbaglu is used to treat patients withurea cycle disorders (UCDs). Unlike Ravicti, however, Carbaglu specifically addresses N-acetylglutamate synthetase(NAGS) deficiency. The developer of the drug, Recordati Rare Diseases, has priced Carbaglu at more than $585,000 per year per patient.
Carbaglu is the only drug approved by the FDA for treating high ammonia levels caused by NAGS deficiency in patients of all ages.While every type of UCD is rare, cases caused by NAGS deficiency are the rarest of them all. Because NAGS deficiency is under-diagnosed, the actual number of individuals affected by this type of UCD remains unknown.
Image source: Horizon Pharma.
6. Actimmune
Horizon Pharma claimed the No. 2 spot on the list with Ravicti. The company also has the sixth-costliest drug, Actimmune, which treats two rare genetic diseases: chronic granulomatous disease (CGD) and severe, malignant osteopetrosis (SMO). Actimmune is priced at more than $572,000 per year per patient.
The drug is a biologically manufactured protein known as interferon gamma, which is similar to a protein made naturally by the human body. Interferon gamma helps lower the risk and severity of infections in individuals with CGD and can slow the worsening of SMO in patients. CGD occurs in around one in 200,000 births in the U.S., whle SMO occurs in an estimated one in 250,000 births.
Image source: Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
7. Soliris
It wasn't too long ago that Soliris held the top spot among the most expensive drugs in the world. However, Alexion Pharmaceuticals‘ (NASDAQ: ALXN) drug now takes seventh place with an annual price tag of nearly $543,000.
Soliris treats two rare diseases: paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) andatypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS). PNH destroys red blood cells and affects an estimated 8,000 to 10,000 people in North America and Europe.aHUS affects the body's immune system in ways that can lead to serious complications, including blood clots. There are only 1,500 known patients diagnosed with the disease, but there could be as many as 41,000 aHUS patients in the world.
Image source: Getty Images.
And that's just the tip of the iceberg
While these were the seven most expensive drugs in the world, there are plenty of other costly medications. As of 2015, more than 90 other prescription drugs carried annual price tags of over $100,000. Five of them cost more than $400,000 per year — just behind the drugs to make the top seven list.
10 stocks we like better than Alexion Pharmaceuticals
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Alexion Pharmaceuticals wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
More than a century has passed since the Endurance, the three-masted ship of legendary explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton, sank in the Weddell Sea off Antarctica, and now researchers are getting ready for a major scientific expedition to find it.
The Weddell Sea Expedition 2019 will bring together an international team of scientists to look for the shipwreck, which is believed to lie about 3,200 meters (10,500 feet) under the waves in one of the planet's coldest and most forbidding environments.
Automonous underwater vehicles will be used to survey the sea floor to search for the wreck of the Endurance. Ocean Infinity
Led by researchers from the University of Cambridge, the team will use autonomous underwater vehicles in their effort to locate Shackleton's sturdy wooden vessel, which sank in 1915 after being crushed by sea ice. The effort is part of a larger, 45-day mission to study the ecosystem of the Larsen C Ice Shelf, which itself was in the news last July when it calved an enormous iceberg the size of Delaware.
"Because the wreck site of the Endurance, under sea ice in the Weddell Sea, is such a difficult place to access, no survey has ever been done before," Julian Dowdeswell, director of the university's Scott Polar Research Institute and the leader of the planned expedition, told NBC News MACH in an email. "The advantage of deploying cameras and sonar equipment on an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) is that we do not have to be directly over the wreck site. If the AUV is launched even 100 kilometers from the site, it can get there beneath the sea ice canopy and undertake survey work."
The South African polar research and supply vessel S.A. Agulhas II will be used for the expedition. AMSOL
Dowdeswell said at least two AUVs will be used, each able to reach depths of 6,000 meters. The free-swimming submersibles will be equipped with cameras and sensors for temperature and salinity along with sonar capable of looking upward at the bottom of the ice shelf as well as downward at the seafloor.
The AUVs will be launched from the expedition's research vessel, the S.A. Agulhas II, a South African icebreaker that is equipped with a variety of labs and is considered one of the world's most modern research ships.
There are no guarantees that the expedition, which includes researchers from South Africa and New Zealand, will be successful — or even that the researchers will reach the site where the Endurance went down. "Whatever ship you have, it's possible it won't get there," Dowdeswell said in a written statement. "It could be a better or worse sea ice year, so everybody is going into this with their eyes open."
Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton circa 1910. Hulton Archive / Getty Images
This isn't the first time such an effort has been contemplated.
"There have been many attempts to organize expeditions to locate the Endurance, but they all seemed to fizzle or fall apart because of a lack of money," said Dr. David Gallo, former director of special projects at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and a noted expert on undersea expeditions. But, they added, "They have some very talented people aboard, and I think they have a good chance of launching it."
The real question, Gallo continued, is whether the team is prepared for "what's coming next" — a reference to the difficulties associated with the remoteness of the location and the difficulties of launching submersibles through ice that Gallo said could be as much as nine feet thick.
"Endurance" sank during the second of three expeditions to the Antarctic led by Shackleton. NBC News
If the researchers do reach the site and locate the ship, they may find that the Endurance held up well despite all those years underwater. The last photos taken of the ship show that while its masts had come down by the time of its sinking, its hull was largely intact.
And since there is little or no wood in the desolate area, organisms there are adapted to break down whale bones instead. "Thus it is thought that the wreck will be largely unaffected by burrowing marine organisms," Dowdeswell said.
A dog team sits in front of the partially-submerged "Endurance," its mast heads broken, in 1916. Underwood and Underwood / Library of Congress
Shackleton set sail aboard the Endurance from South Georgia Island in December of 1914 in a quest to be the first to cross the Antarctic continent. But the ship got trapped in ice the following month and ultimately was destroyed by it.
Shackelton and their entire crew managed to survive what was known formally as the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition, but only after mounting an arduous journey that has become known as one of the world's greatest stories of survival.
If the wreck is found, no artifacts will be brought to the surface. Instead, plans call for the the team to photograph and map the wreck with the goal of making it a protected historic site.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been taken to hospital after spending nearly six hours on a Thornton Heath rooftop.
Police were initially called to the scene at 3.15pm this afternoon (Tuesday, April 24) and were soon joined by teams from the London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade for support.
The woman eventually re-entered the building and was detained at 8.51pm, at which point they were taken to a south London hospital for treatment.
It is not clear what the woman's intentions were.
A spokesperson for the Met Police said: "The woman re-entered the building at 8.51pm, and was subsequently taken to a south London hospital by London Ambulance Service."
Brigstock Road was cordoned off, and the Tesco supermarket at the scene was closed as emergency teams attempted to resolve the situation.
At 5.45pm a spokesperson for the London Ambulance Service said: "We were called at 3.19pm today to Brigstock Road, Thornton Heath, to reports of an incident. We sent an incident response officer, a single responder in a car and an ambulance crew."
A spokesperson for London Fire Brigade added: "We were called at 3.51pm to assist police teams as they attended a call relating to concern for the safety of a woman."
Pictures sent to the Advertiser show that several vehicles from each emergency service attended the scene.
(Image: @DSM112)
Photos also showed large crowds around the police cordon on Brigstock Road, and several Twitter users tweeted to say that a number of people were watching at the scene and taking pictures.
Speaking while the incident was ongoing, a witness at the scene, who did not want to be named, said: "The lady has been there all afternoon and I don't know what they are doing up there.
"There was a very fast response from the police and fire brigade.
"I think it would help if everyone stopped crowding around the scene and watching because I think that is just going to make things even worse."
(Image: @DSM112)
According to the Transport for London traffic Twitter account, Brigstock Road has now been reopened and traffic is flowing normally.
Brigstock Road had been closed between Melfort Road and Parchmore Road while the incident was dealt with.
The 50, 198, 250 and 450 bus services which had been affected have all now returned to their usual routes.
*The Samaritans offer a free call number, which doesn't appear on the phone bill, if you need someone to talk to.
Call 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or visit www.samaritans.org to find details of your nearest branch.
Ithaca Deer Slayer III 12 GA. This is the older version with the HEAVY rifled barrel and intergrated scope rail. Shoot lights out.
Used very little. Less than 50 rounds. Once they ok'd rifle hunting for deer I have no use for it.
Asking $900 OBO Includes 5 boxes of Lightfield Commander Slugs __________________
Member 7MM STW Club
Columbus Crew SC will be facing quite the hostile crowd in their US Open Cup match at FC Cincinnati on Wednesday night (7 pm ET | USsoccer.com, Spectrum Sports OH).
The USL club and MLS expansion hopefuls announced on Twitter on Wednesday afternoon that more than 25,000 tickets have been purchased for Wednesday's contest at Nippert Stadium.
Wednesday's match will be the first ever official meeting between the two Ohio clubs, but fans on both sides of the nascent rivalry have already given it one of the best names in all of North American sports: the “Hell is Real Derby.” The ominous-sounding moniker is a nod to a pair of infamous billboards on the freeway linking Columbus and Cincinnati.
Terry Francona establishes the keys to the game for the Indians to get back on track against the Twins.
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed their NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
UBA Shareholders Approve 2017 Final Dividend – The Tide
BusinessDay UBA Shareholders Approve 2017 Final Dividend
The Tide
United Bank for Africa (UBA), has endorsed the payment of N22.23 billion final dividends declared by the board for the financial year ended December 31, 2017. The Tide source reports that the shareholders gave the approval at the bank's 56th Annual …
UBA Rewards Staff THISDAY Newspapers
all 3 news articles »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday "totally vindicates" them in the Russia probe.
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation "an American disgrace."
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The AAM Group has announced that Bruce Baier from Competition Muffler & Shocks in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, is the winner of the 2016 Flowmaster “Race 2 Daytona” contest. Baier, who sold the highest dollar amount of Flowmaster product from July 1 to Dec. 31, 2016, will be joined by six guests at the 2017 Daytona 500. All expenses, including travel, lodging, event tickets and official meals, will be covered by Flowmaster.
Winning Jobber and Guest
Bruce Baier and Tammie Baier (Competition Muffler)
Winning Jobber's WD Salespersons
Brennan Clark, William Robertson and Corey Rogers (Dix Performance)
Winning Jobber's Biggest Flowmaster Customer and Guest
Bobby Joe Wilson and Deborah Wilson
“AAM would like to congratulate our winners and everyone who participated in the ‘Race 2 Daytona' event,” said David Ayers, director of marketing and technology with The AAM Group. “I'm proud of everyone who helped to make this promotion exceed our expectations. A special thanks to Flowmaster for its sponsorship and for working with us to create exclusive opportunities to engage and reward our program jobber base.”
Dale Dotson, Flowmaster marketing and motorsports manager, added, “We're very excited to personally be able to spend time with the AAM ‘Race 2 Daytona' contest winners and share in this awesome NASCAR race experience. Congratulations, and we'll see you at the race!”
Ending Extreme Poverty: Wives Of African Leaders Honours Jose Foundation
The Coalition of Wives of Presidents and Vice Presidents in Africa for Peace (COWAP) has honoured Nigerian international humanitarian organisation, Jose Foundation for its efforts and philanthropic activities in championing the cause of women and children in ending extreme poverty in Africa. The award was given to the humanitarian organisation at COWAP Innovation Gala and […]
The post Ending Extreme Poverty: Wives Of African Leaders Honours Jose Foundation appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A number of master distillers and chefs will be attending Bourbon & Beyond in September. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An eager partnership between Wave 3 News and the upcoming Bourbon and Beyond festival is a likely way to celebrate National Bourbon Day.
Two well-known bourbon enthusiasts visited Wave 3 News Studios on Wednesday to celebrate the occasion in a unique way. A distinct aroma provided just the right mood to remind everyone why Kentucky is the greatest state to learn the unique history behind bourbon. The pair also stressed how the bourbon industry's economic commitment is a vital role in the state's growth.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Wall Street Journal bestselling author and bourbon authority Fred Minnick stopped by the studio, and covered whiskey in every possible way. They came with their popular books, including: Bourbon Curious: A Simple Tasting Guide for the Savvy Drinker, Whiskey Women: The Untold Story of How Women Saved Bourbon, and Scotch & Irish Whiskey and Bourbon: The Rise, Fall and Rebirth of an American Whiskey Rum Curious.
Minnick, Bourbon & Beyond's resident expert, will be at The Big Bourbon Bar during the September event to offer casual bourbon classes, host conversations with other personalities and introduce up-and-coming bourbon distilleries. Those distilleries include Bluegrass Distillers, Boone County, Hartfield & Co., Jeptha Creed, Limestone Branch, MB Roland and New Riff.
Bourbon & Beyond festival is scheduled for September 23 & 24. It's a perfect blend of bourbon, food and music. In addition, the event will host concerts, workshops and culinary demonstrations, all of which will benefit St. Jude Children's Research Fund. Master distillers will also be attending.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Ft. Knox renames and reflags brigade for Flag Day
+ Man banned for life from Kentucky Kingdom after taking cell phone on ride
+ Victim of deadly crash of Poplar Level Road identified
Chef Anthony Lamas, from Seviche, also joined the National Bourbon Day celebration by making Tuna Old-Fashion with bourbon soy ginger broth. They tossed tuna in bourbon barrel soy, and combined it with ginger, chile pepper, and orange in a rocks glass. They then drizzled bourbon soy broth on top, and decorated it with pineapple-ginger salsa, radish and jalapeno.
This is just one of many demonstrations Chef Lamas will be performing at Bourbon & Beyond. Lamas has been featured on The Food Network, Southern Living and Bon Appétit magazines.  They are also a three-time James Beard Foundation semi-finalist, and author of Southern Heat: New Southern Cooking Latin Style.
Seviche, located in the heart of the Highlands at 1538 Bardstown Road, offers a unique dining experience and a laid back atmosphere. The changing menu features local ingredients, and focuses on sustainable seafood.
Wave 3 News is giving away several great prizes in the next couple of months, leading up to the Bourbon and Beyond festival. This includes a VIP package to the festival.
The first giveaway is two tickets to the festival, plus a gift card to Seviche restaurant on Bardstown Road. The winner will be announced on June 21 at Noon.
Click here for a chance to win.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A sheriff's department spokesperson told NBC News that Wagner has remained a person of interest, and there has been no change in the status of the case. An investigation into Wood's death was reopened in 2011 after police sought to interview witnesses about claims of foul play, but it was never classified as a criminal case and no one has ever been charged.
Wood's death certificate was amended in 2012 from a cause of death of drowning to "drowning and other undetermined factors."
Natalie Wood in the 1969 film, 'Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice.' Courtesy Everett Collection
Wagner, 87, has long denied any involvement in Wood's death, telling People magazine in a rare interview in 2016 that "we were all so shattered by the loss." A rep for Wagner said Thursday there was no immediate comment.
A "person of interest" is not the same as a suspect.
Wood was a three-time Oscar nominee who began their career as a child actor, starring in films such as "Rebel Without a Cause," "Splendor in the Grass" and "West Side Story."
Wood and Wagner had divorced in 1962 after five years of marriage, but the Hollywood couple remarried in 1972. They had one child together and also raised another of Wood's daughters from a previous marriage.
Wood, 43, died while on a weekend trip to Catalina Island with Wagner, actor Christopher Walken and the yacht's captain, Dennis Davern. Wood and Walken were shooting the film, "Brainstorm," at the time.
Wagner said they and Wood had gotten into an argument on the boat that November night in 1981, the Los Angeles Times reported. Their spokesperson at the time said that Wagner had gone to bed and thought their wife had taken off on a small inflatable boat, which they had done before.
But when they didn't return, Wagner went to find them and then contacted Harbor Patrol, their spokesperson said. The next morning, the actor' body was found about a mile from the yacht, and the inflatable boat was found beached not far from the scene, according to a police investigation.
Wood's body was found to have a blood-alcohol level of 0.14 percent, and officials said there was much recreational drinking going on that night.
A Los Angeles County coroner first ruled their death an accident by drowning and hypothermia, saying at a news conference days later that they slipped while getting into the dinghy and bruises on their cheek were consistent with falling into the water, the Los Angeles Times reported.
But speculation of a violent crime has long overshadowed the investigation.
A 2000 Vanity Fair report described how Wagner's first interview with police was cut short because they were "in an emotional state." In the second interview five days after their death, police pressed them on what they were talking to Wood about before they disappeared.
"It was about them being away from home and the kids so much ... They missed them being around," police said, according to the magazine.
The police's investigation was reopened in 2011 — two weeks before the 30th anniversary of Wood's death — when it was revealed that the boat's captain made comments suggesting they had new recollections about the case.
In 2011, Davern told "Today" that they lied during the initial investigation and believed Wagner was responsible for Wood's death. They recounted their experience that night in the 2009 book, "Goodbye Natalie, Goodbye Splendour."
"We didn't take any steps to see if we could locate her," Davern told NBC News about the moments after Wood went missing. "I think it was a matter of, 'We're not going to look too hard, we're not going to turn on the searchlight, we're not going to notify anybody right now.'"
Wagner's publicist in 2011 issued a statement saying their family supported the reopened investigation by the L.A. County Sheriff's Department and "trust they will evaluate whether any new information relating to the death of Natalie Wood Wagner is valid."
Wagner wrote about their relationship with Wood in their 2009 memoir, "Pieces of My Heart."
Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles, and Erik Ortiz reported from New York.
Report: George Hill unhappy with Kings
George Hill's honeymoon with the Sacramento Kings appears to be over.
Tony Jones of the Salt Lake Tribune reported over the weekend that Hill is unhappy with the Kings because they were “brought in with the promise of a team aiming to be playoff competitive.” Jones adds that the promise was made by former Kings executive Scott Perry, who left the team in July to become GM of the New York Knicks, causing the franchise's direction to shift.
The Kings' playoff hopes may already be shot less than two months into the season — they are currently 8-18, sitting 13th in the highly-competitive West. Hill themselves is averaging just 9.0 points and 2.4 assists a game in Sacramento, as the team seems to be prioritizing the development of rookie De'Aaron Fox. Hill recently hinted at some frustration on Twitter as well, and he's probably starting to regret the three-year deal they signed with the Kings this summer.
H/T ProBasketballTalk
Samsung is dealing with another smartphone snafu with the rollout of a key feature on its upcoming new Galaxy S8 phones.
Bixby, the artificially intelligent assistant Samsung touted as one of the star features of the new devices, won't completely make its debut when customers get their hands on the phones on April 21.
Customers in the U.S. won't be getting the voice feature, which as any Alexa, Siri, Cortana, or Google aficionado knows is a key part of maximizing your experience with a virtual assistant.
The Samsung Galaxy S8 at the launch of the Samsung Unpacked event in New York on March 29, 2017. Andrew Gombert / EPA, file
Related: Will Samsung's Brand New Galaxy S8 Phone Make Us Forget the Note 7 Debacle?
"I think that what this underlines are the fact that Samsung is a hardware company and obviously it is trying hard to make this transition to software and services," Geoff Blaber, an analyst at CCS Insight, told NBC News.
However, at launch, customers will be able to access features such as vision, which lets Bixby tell you about that landmark or item you're looking at, and home, which will give you smart reminders and other relevant information.
A Samsung representative told NBC News that voice support for the English language should be rolled out "later this spring."
The delay doesn't come as a complete surprise. At a briefing in San Francisco last month, NBC News was shown choreographed demos of Bixby's capabilities, but wasn't allowed to try out the feature.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Galaxy S8 smartphone debuts, but will America trust Samsung again? 2:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
From fighting wildfires to inspecting pipelines to spying on poachers, aerial drones have been put to all sorts of uses. And now they're helping save human lives. In 2016 a Silicon Valley startup began using its drones to deliver blood in the East African nation of Rwanda — and the company plans to bring the service to the U.S. later this year.
Made by Zipline in Half Moon Bay, California, the battery-powered drones look like small planes and weigh about 25 pounds. They fly at speeds of up to 80 miles an hour and can deliver up to four pounds of blood or other medical supplies over distances of up to 50 miles.
In areas with few or poor roads, the drones can deliver their precious cargo faster than cars or trucks, dropping the supplies via parachute when they reach their destination and then returning to their launch site for reuse.
Workers prepare boxes for delivery in Rwanda. Courtesy Ziplinenull
“We had heard about this big problem in places with poor road infrastructure that healthcare suffers a lot because they couldn't get supplies to doctors when they needed them,” said Keenan Wyrobek, Zipline's chief technologist.
By making it faster and easier to get blood where it's needed, the drones also promise to reduce the amount of blood that must be discarded because it's reached its expiration date, Wyrobek said, adding that in some areas of the U.S. up to 20 percent of donor blood "expires on the shelves.”
Drone deliveries in Rwanda have reduced the waste of blood products by more than 95 percent, according to Zipline.
Dr. VJ Periyakoil, an associate professor of medicine at the Stanford University Medical Center, who is not associated with Zipline, said drones represent an opportunity to bring critical medical services to people or clinics in remote parts of the country.
"When people are very isolated and doctors in these clinics have very limited resources, anything that can bring them supplies that they need in a timely fashion without things getting spoiled on the way is always a welcome use of technology," they said. "Anything that can help with mitigating barriers to access is something that would be of great service to all patients anywhere."
The American Red Cross, the largest single supplier of blood in the U.S., relies mostly on ground transportation to deliver blood. The organization hasn't worked with Zipline, but Jodi Sheedy, a spokesperson for the organization, told NBC MACH in an email that "we see the most blood product transportation potential for local hospital deliveries here in the U.S."
But Sheedy added that there are no plans to implement drone delivery of blood until the technology has been further evaluated.
Technicians work inside Zipline's medical storage unit. Courtesy Ziplinenull
The Federal Aviation Administration's current regulations restrict drones from flying beyond the line of sight of the operator. But Zipline is one of 149 applicants that have submitted proposals to an FAA pilot program that offers private companies the opportunity to partner with state and local governments to figure out how to safely operate drones. Zipline will know in early May if it has been selected to move forward and start flying deliveries in the country.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Carly Kreibaum, 33, lived on a farm just outside of Sutherland, Iowa, a town of 600 people, according to the Des Moines Register. Local librarian Dan Wetherell described them as a "kind, loving mother, just working and taking care of their children."
Kreibaum is survived by their husband, Chris, and two young children.
RIO has announced the expansion of fly lines in their Skagit Trout Max Shooting Heads and Scandi Short VersiTip collections.
Read more in the press release below.
RIO Products Adds Sizes to its Trout Spey Collection
IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO (January 31, 2018) – RIO Products, manufacturer of industry-leading fly lines, leaders and tippet material, extends the range of fly lines offered for the two-handed trout Spey angler.
Skagit Trout Max Shooting Heads are perfect for Spey casting with tight obstructions and when using large streamers and sinking tips. The mass distribution allows effortless, sustained-anchor casts to launch sink tips and weighted flies with exceptional ease, while the short length makes them ideal tools for casting in tight quarters.
The new sizes in this range are the #1 wt (150 grains), #1/2 wt (175 grains), #4 wt (300 grains) and #4/5 wt (325 grains). Though designed for two-handed trout Spey and switch rods, these heads are an excellent choice for casting big flies on single-handed rods – as long as anglers adjust the line size by 3 (use the #1 on a 4wt, for example). The heads have an MSRP of $49.99 and more information can be found by watching this video.
RIO also now offers anglers their popular Scandi Short VersiTip in a new 3wt option (240gr). With four, 10-foot long interchangeable tips (float, intermediate, sink 3 and sink 6), it is the ideal system for trout Spey rods offering complete versatility for changing conditions. Learn more about this series in this video, and find them at your nearest RIO dealer for $149.99.
About RIO Products:
RIO is a pioneer in developing fly lines, leaders and tippet material to enhance fly fishing experiences across the globe. Offering premium fly lines for both freshwater and saltwater fishing applications, RIO consistently utilizes field experience and scientific testing to create the best products on the market for anglers. Founded 20 years ago in the mountains of Idaho, RIO continues to develop innovative products, design revolutionary tapers and refine performance-driven fly line technologies. For more information about RIO Products, please visitwww.rioproducts.com. Connect with us through Facebook, Instagram, and Vimeo.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was keen to downplay their side's position at the top of the Premier League table after the first round of matches.
The Red Devils recorded a comfortable 4-0 win over West Ham United at Old Trafford yesterday. In their post-match press conference, Mourinho pointed out that there was nothing to be read into just one match and said their side's performance was not perfect.
Here are Mourinho's post-match comments in full.
A year in review: the Student Government Association's 53rd administration
From July's social media scandal to SGA President Shane Smith's fall proposal to cut student-fee funding to all departments by 1 percent, the 53rd Administration of the Student Government Association has occasionally been hard to ignore.
The Administration kicked off in early April, nearly a month after Project Red candidate Shane Smith won the presidency with more than 50 percent of the vote. In two weeks, UH students will vote on the organization's 54th Administration.
Lacking legislation
Members of the Senate voted to pass a bill expanding CLASSmates, now known as CLASS Coogs, in their first meeting of the summer. The expansion stipulated that the program, which brings together 250 College of Liberal Arts & Social Sciences students in entry level history and political science courses, will now be offered to students for the duration of their first year.
To date, this is the only piece of legislation passed by the Senate that directly affects members of the student body outside of the organization.
While the Senate heard multiple bills and constitutional amendments throughout the term, SGA did not pass further legislation until its second meeting of the spring semester — during which the Senate discussed 24 legislative items.
Most notably, the Senate voted to join the Texas Student Government Coalition. This membership will allow current and future SGA administrations to advocate to the Texas legislature on behalf of UH.
“Since SGA doesn't write or control university laws, legislation is meaningless without real progress behind it, which is where our focus has been,” said SGA's director of public relations, Dena Moghtader. “We work on large scale projects and have done so effectively. Focusing on legislation would be an incomplete picture of our activity.”
Platform promises
Senators and members of the executive board did, however, make headway on many of the initiatives laid out in their campaign platforms, which were outlined in the party's name: better parking, better food, better wi-fi.
In April, Smith released an agenda detailing projects the executive board would be undertaking to fulfill promises made during the election.
In a bid to improve UH's parking situation, Moghtader said Smith and Chief of Staff Robert Comer worked to implement a parking counter prototype at the ERP.
“Students will be able to see how many spots are available in a specific parking lot before even driving into the lot,” Moghtader said.
While the current prototype counts only the cars as they enter and leave the economy lot, the counters installed on campus will show the exact number of available spots, Moghtader said.
Main campus implementation of the counters, beginning with three lots, is expected in the fall, Moghtader said.
The 53rd Administration also placed an emphasis on mental health.
Through “End the Stigma,” an event organized by Director of External Relations Delaney Cattletstout, Moghtader said SGA promoted constructive discussion on the subject.
The event utilized 1,100 shirts to pay tribute to the student lives lost to suicide on college campuses each year. Other members of SGA similarly attempted to end the stigma by working closely with Counseling and Psychological Services.
Thanks in part to Deputy Chief of Staff Winni Zhang and the CAPS Task Force, CAPS is now required to inform students of their ability to withdraw from the semester if necessary.
Compared to fall 2015, associate director of CAPS, Scott Chris, said the department saw nearly a 20 percent increase in unique clients this fall.
A trial run offering free pads and tampons in Student Center restrooms was also led by Zhang, who said they plan to meet with UH Facilities later in the semester to discuss University adoption of the program.
If successful, there are plans to implement the program across campus in Fall 2017, Moghtader said.
Moghtader led the push for Safe Walk, which aims to allow students to request a two-student escort to their dorm or vehicle at night. Similar services currently exist at the University of Texas at Austin and other Texas universities, and Moghtader said it will hopefully be implemented at UH in the fall.
Throughout the fall semester, College of Architecture Sen. Hunter Bodiford worked to create a fixed-tuition plan for architecture students. Despite their efforts, the University ultimately declined all fixed-tuition proposals. For the foreseeable future, architecture students will be excluded from UHin4 tuition plans and subject to tuition fluctuations over the course of their five-year degrees.
WiFi at UH has definitely improved over the past year, but Smith said it was important to give credit where credit is due: the University's IT department.
“They were already working on some of this stuff. They wanted to get feedback on how they can be more responsive to student concerns,” Smith said. “I think they genuinely care about students and student needs.”
Members of SGA frequented meetings with UIT, Smith said, where they offered input on issues they felt were most important to students. Areas of focus included speed tests for WiFi signals in buildings with reported problems and improving assistance response times.
Smith and the Administration and Finance Committee have been advocating to repair ineffective parts of the University's current dining situation, Moghtader said.
The default meal plan selected for on-campus residents was changed from Shasta Unlimited, the most expensive plan available, to Cougar Choice 150, the least expensive and most popular.
Other SGA sponsored dining improvements include the increased nighttime and weekend presence of food trucks, healthier options at on-campus convenience stores and the replacement of the management at Aramark, the company which handles dining services at the University.
In addition, Moghtader said major changes will be coming to dining services in the fall, though it is too early in negotiations for a public statement to be made.
Coming soon
Another lasting impact of the 53rd Administration, namely of Director of Research Dean Suchy, will take effect in Fall 2018: a two-day fall break, expected to occur in the first week of October, to break up the current 65 days of consecutive classes in the fall semester.
By comparison, Moghtader said students face no more than 45 consecutive days in the spring.
To boost school spirit among both incoming freshmen and admitted students, SGA is planning on improving the freshmen welcome packages, sent by UH to admitted students, Moghtader said.
The improved packages, which include more information for prospective students, are expected to hit first distribution with incoming class in Fall 2018. Freshmen entering the University at this time may also be make up the first group of students able to replace grades earned in their first 30 hours by retaking the course. The resolution is currently awaiting approval from the provost, but Moghtader said implementation is expected to go into effect with the class of 2022.
#RemoveRohini
The 53rd Administration came under public scrutiny in July when Vice President Rohini Sethi posted a Facebook status denouncing Black Lives Matter in favor of All Lives Matter.
Though many took to social media to call for the removal of Sethi, during which time #RemoveRohini trended on Twitter, they ultimately took a voluntary unpaid leave of absence for the first three weeks of August.
Smith later appointed SGA's first special advisory to the president for campus diversity in response to the remaining campus tension.
Inactive governing bodies
Though student appointments to University Committees comprised a large portion of the fall semester's Senate meetings, many appointed students raised concerns about the inaction of their committees.
Sethi, who makes the majority of committee appointments, later responded to reports of inactivity. In an address to the Senate, Sethi urged students to make the committees happen regardless of participation by other members.
Setting a precedent
Smith followed in the footsteps of SGA's 52nd Administration in November when, for the second consecutive year, the organization requested a budgetary decrease.
The decrease, approved by the Student Fees Advisory Committee, will come from the controllable portion of SGA's budget. During the presentation, Smith recommended that all fee-funded organizations and departments look into reducing their budget by 1 percent.
Overall, Smith said they believe the 53rd Administration will leave a lasting, positive impact on the University.
“I'm proud of our team,” Smith said. “I think they've made the school a better place.”
Trey Strange contributed to the reporting of this story.
[email protected]
Counting down the days until Prince Harry and Meghan Markle tie the knot? Fortunately, there was another beautiful royal wedding over the weekend to tide you over.
On Friday, Prince Christian of Hanover, second in line to the erstwhile Hanoverian throne, married lawyer and former model Alessandra de Osma in a religious ceremony in the bride's home country of Peru. The pair, who reportedly met when de Osma served as Christian's tour guide in their native country in 2005, had previously wed in a civil ceremony in London back in November, but this was a much more extravagant affair.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Alessandra de Osma arrives at their wedding with their father Felipe de Osma. Getty Images
De Osma walked down the aisle of the Basilica San Pedro in a gorgeous high-necked long-sleeved gown by Spanish fashion designer Jorge Vázquez, but all eyes were on their something borrowed: the stunning Hanoverian Floral Tiara, which they paired with an updo and small, sunburst-shaped stud earrings.
A closer look at the floral tiara. Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The diamond diadem has in recent years become a favorite of brides marrying into the House of Hanover. Just last year when Ekaterina Malysheva wed Christian's brother, Ernst August, Prince of Hanover, they wore the tiara. Before that it had been previously seen on the groom's stepmother, Princess Caroline of Monaco, in 2004 at a formal event in Copenhagen.
According to the Peruvian Times, the wedding service, which was attended by high profile guests such as Kate Moss and Princesses of York Beatrice and Eugenie, was "followed by lunch at the elite Club Nacional on the Plaza San Martín, and cocktails in the evening at the Berckemeyer house in Miraflores, one of the few remaining grand houses on Av. Arequipa, built by the bride's great grandparents in the early 1930s when the area was just being developed."
See a few photos from the day below:
The happy couple! Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
The groom Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie Getty Images
SHAFTSBURY, Vt. — The Robert Frost Stone House Museum is ready to reopen under new ownership.
The Friends of Robert Frost announced last September that it was donating the house, seven acres of property, and two barns to Bennington college.
It's due to open for the season on May 3.
The Benning Banner reports that Frost purchased the house in 1920 and lived there until 1929. They were living in the house when they won their first Pulitzer Prize, as well as when they composed many of their poems, including “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening.”
Frost's house will remain open to the public but also will be incorporated into college programs and studies.
——
Information from: Bennington Banner, http://www.benningtonbanner.com
Shares of GNC Holdings Inc. rose 31% after the vitamin and nutrition company reported first-quarter earnings that were above Wall Street's expectations. Net income came in at $23.9 million, or 35 cents per share during the quarter, compared with $50.8 million, or 69 cents per share during the same quarter last year. Adjusted earnings were 37 cents per share, which was above FactSet's consensus for 34 cents. Revenue hit $644.8 million during the quarter, a drop off from last year's $668.9 million during the same quarter, but better than FactSet's $623.0 million consensus. GNC same store sales decreased 3.9% during the quarter, which was a wider decline compared with the year-earlier period when same store sales declined 2.3%. Domestically, same store sales decreased 4.6% during the first quarter. Shares of GNC have declined more than 34% in the year to date and nearly 78% over the last 12 months. The S&P 500 index has gained nearly 5% in the year and more than 12% over the prior 12-month period.
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.
When did you first decide to start documenting your life on social media?
A unique change and unexpected turn happened in my life during my first year of residency. I was not a person who you would find on social media traditionally, but when I was introduced to Instagram, I saw it as a way to show other medical students on their journey that you don't have to give up your life to study medicine. The stigma that you can't have a life in medical school was a fallacy and I was the living proof of that. So, I used Instagram as a platform to show my everyday life, to show what it's like to be buried in a book one day, at a fashion party the following day and to have a really grueling workout the next. It surprised people, so I got a lot of followers over the course of three years.
How did the ‘hot doctor' persona come about?
In late 2015, Buzzfeed did a story about how I had this immense popularity on social media. But it wasn't a story about how I've written medical articles that are published in some of the greatest medical journals or that I was the youngest doctor in my hospital. It was because I was labeled ‘the hot doctor' with a beautiful husky.
Were you uncomfortable at first as being labeled “the hot doctor”?
I had to pause for a moment. It threw me, because I was working so hard to become a professional. It was easy to view this as a superficial platform. I was faced with a crossroads where I had to make a decision: Am I going to accept this title of sexy doctor? Or am I going to continue down the path of being a strict professional and just doing what I do without the media's blessing? I thought there was a possibility for a middle ground.
Did embracing the label change your brand strategy?
With over 300 billion people on social media, there's definitely an impact that doctors can have on their patients through social media. With over 300 billion people on social media, there's definitely an impact that doctors can have on their patients through social media.
I decided to use my social media to inspire changes in the younger population. I'll educate them through YouTube videos, through Instagram posts, because in reality medicine is in a competition for people's attention. And that competition is Kim Kardashian. That competition is Justin Bieber. And it's tough to compete with celebrities that are entertainers. So, I [decided] to use my social media as a platform to entertain, to use what gifts I have gotten in being someone that's able to manage time well, go to fashion events, stay in great shape, and use my looks to my advantage to capture people's attention. But then give them something meaningful that they can do to impact their lives. Doctors aren't using social media to promote their business in the way that I am. With over 300 billion people on social media, there's definitely an impact that doctors can have on their patients through social media.
I want to show you that I'm a person, too. I have made mistakes in training my dog. I spend time with family. I am overworked sometimes. I'm tired sometimes. I'm sleepy sometimes. And social media allows me to show you that I'm human, too. And, when you see that that person is human, you see the way their mind works, you have that transparency, you have now created trust and a really healthy doctor-patient relationship.
Never waver; let it be known that all those who set out to change your smile will be going home disappointed. 😊🏥⛑ #healthy #happy #focused A post shared by Dr. Mike Varshavski (@doctor.mike) on Sep 12, 2017 at 9:08am PDT
What role does luck play in building a brand that has 2.5 million Instagram followers?
Luck does play a huge role in whatever field you're practicing, whether that's medicine, acting, singing; but the way you make luck work for you is you constantly put yourself in a position to get lucky. In order to be in that position, you have to work really hard. Yes, some may say that the BuzzFeed article came at the right time, and I got lucky. But I can easily look at it the other way: It came during the worst time, during my most stressful hours, where I had no time to do media. If it came a year after residency, when I had my office in place, when I had time to do media appearances, I could have taken advantage of it that much more. But I worked hard on my social media platforms, I went to medical school, I've did my research, I kept my social contacts alive. When you put in that work, any little piece of movement towards the positive will look like luck. That luck is always out there. Don't chase it, but be prepared for it. And, when you're prepared, luck will get you where you need to be.
Are you ever worried that Instagram will cheapen your brand? Or make people see you as a less respectable doctor?
I've always battled those that sort of "judging a book by its cover" approach. I am an immigrant. First, they didn't think I was smart because I didn't speak English. Then, they thought I wasn't smart because of the way I dressed. Now, people jump to conclusions because I have selfies on Instagram. I've always been a fan of proving people wrong. And that continues to this day on Instagram. I find this a means to an end, that I can use my looks, I can use my popularity to educate people, to get people excited about medicine, and I look forward to continually proving people wrong.
You say you used to be very shy. How did you overcome the barriers that stood in the way of spreading your message?
I nerded myself out of being a nerd. I read books on what it takes to talk to the opposite sex. I read books on what it takes to win friends and influence people. I nerded myself out of being a nerd. I read books on what it takes to talk to the opposite sex. I read books on what it takes to win friends and influence people.
When I was in high school, I was very focused on my studies and I wasn't popular with girls. I wasn't the valedictorian. I worked hard for my grades. I didn't have the best attention. I wasn't organized. I didn't pay attention to the way I dressed. And then, when college rolled around, I said, "This isn't fair. I am so disadvantaged because I'm unable to speak in a public setting. If I see a beautiful girl across the room, [I am unable] to come up to them and open a conversation.” I had to change that about myself. So I nerded myself out of being a nerd. I studied. I read books on what it takes to talk to the opposite sex. I read books on what it takes to win friends and influence people, a great book by Dale Carnegie. I really just found out that it's all about putting yourself outside of your comfort zone and learning that it's okay to mess up.
What did you learn in the process?
We're humans. Everyone makes mistakes. When you're comfortable with failure, you become more comfortable with success. And that's really what I learned through this journey. And it wasn't an easy journey, because, things changed. I moved around. I came from another country. In medical school, you're constantly bouncing around rotations. So, first days and first-day jitters were always a part of what I was doing. And that's not even including things that have happened in my personal life.
A little after-hospital wind down with the pup @roxy.husky 🏥 Love this little fur-ball ❤🐶 #husky #puppy A post shared by Dr. Mike Varshavski (@doctor.mike) on Feb 17, 2017 at 3:00pm PST
What sort of setbacks did you overcome in your personal life?
During my first year of residency I lost my mom to cancer. It was a very difficult moment in my life. My father was tremendously impacted by this. So, while I was studying to become a doctor, I had to move back in with my dad to give them that support. And that's where Roxy, my Husky, sort of brought me some of my fame. All of this was about getting through struggles. Never have an excuse why you can't succeed. If anything, these moments can help you become a better person. I view my mom's loss as a learning experience that now I can bring to my patients.
What would you say your brand is?
My brand is fun and interesting, easy-to-understand medicine. My name is Mikhail Varshavski, but "Doctor Mike" is more brand-friendly. It's easier to understand. It has more mass appeal. And some people might say, "Well, aren't you selling out by trying to get mass appeal?" I think not. Because, the more mass appeal I have, the more people I'm able to reach with my type of medicine. It's about taking the good-quality evidence but dressing it up in a pretty suit, making it pretty or fun to watch. There's a lot of noise. And noise presents itself in a very shiny outfit. And what my job, as a doctor is, knowing that through evidence this is what works, I have to make this seem shiny. So, that's what I do. I'm on mass appeal, but for good-quality medicine. And that's what the whole approach of all my social media platforms is.
Whether a company employs 50 people or 50,000, one need is absolutely universal the need for reliable, high value communications. Telecom innovator Mastertel has succeeded in Russia's two largest cities, Moscow and St. Petersburg , by understanding that its role is not simply to deliver technology service, but to understand and support the business success of corporate customers of all sizes.
With over 5,000 business customers currently in its user base, Mastertel serves growing enterprises as well as giant multinationals like Mercedes-Benz Rus, Toyota Motor Corporation and McDonald's. In addition to traditional IP-telephony, Mastertel offers customized telephone numbers, internet access, Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), fiber network leasing and much more. Its specialty, Hosted PBX, has been important to companies in the centers of Moscow and St. Petersburg as well as in the suburbs.
Several years back, with the need for an even broader competitive range of telecom services evident, Mastertel initiated a search for a new technology platform. Its previous solution was incapable of supporting the next-generation Hosted PBX services it needed; furthermore, the company was not satisfied with the licensing system and technical support it was receiving.
According to Vitaly Ezopov, Executive Director of Mastertel, the search led to PortaOne and its PortaSwitch unified softswitch and B/OSS platform. "The solution offered by PortaOne combined several components and represented a complete product for organizing the technical aspect of telephone services as well as subscriber billing," said Ezopov. "This was the set of parameters that was decisive for choosing PortaSwitch."
PortaSwitch, consisting of a B/OSS (Business and Operation Support System), OCS (Online Charging System), Session Border Controller and Class 5 softswitch, enables retail and wholesale users to deploy and manage virtually any kind of next-generation telecom service, from Hosted IP PBX and IP Centrex to Skype-class video calling. Its offers converged billing, provisioning and SIP call control, as well as a wide range of valuable customer-facing solutions such as including unified messaging, callback management, IVRs, conferencing and more.
"An important feature of PortaSwitch is its very extensive APIs, through which the system supports gradual migration of business processes and new applications development," noted Ezopov. "We use PortaSwitch APIs to communicate with our external invoicing system, for managing other settings, and for internal processes. The abundance of API options makes our products more attractive to our clients."
In addition to the number of Hosted PBX features PortaSwitch supports, Mastertel was impressed by how quickly those features could be implemented. Ezopov pointed to the quality and speed of PortaOne's technical staff, along with the number of services provided and the competent consultations from PortaOne's specialists, as the three primary advantages PortaSwitch offered over the previous platform.
"We are amazed with the high level of technical support," they said. "PortaOne's employees are always eager to understand the issue and to find a solution that suits our customer the best."
With exceptional service quality, convenient bill payment, technical flexibility, and support for the changing needs of employees and end-users all important to Mastertel's enterprise customers, Ezopov feels that PortaSwitch has the capabilities necessary to help their company continue to build market share.
"PortaSwitch allows us to provide high-quality traditional IP-telephony services as well as innovative Hosted PBX for our customers," they said. "It has become an essential tool for our company."
About PortaOne: Based in Canada , PortaOne is a leading global software developer for modern telecoms. The company's billing (B/OSS & OCS) and switching (SBC & Class 4/5) products enable telecommunication service providers and carriers to run a broad line of retail, enterprise, SME, and wholesale services on a single integrated software platform. PortaOne's flagship platforms, PortaSwitch (http://portaone.com/products/portaswitch/) and PortaBilling (http://portaone.com/products/portabilling) are fundamental parts of the business infrastructure for over 400 service providers and telcos in 85 countries worldwide. Over two-thirds of 300 PortaOne staff are support engineers providing the best-in-industry 24/7 technical support services for clients involved in hosted IP PBX and SIP trunking services, calling cards and wholesale VoIP, IPTV and residential triple-play, MVNO and MVNE, SMS, data and voice over LTE, and more. To learn more, visit http://PortaOne.com.
About Mastertel: Mastertel is one of the largest telecommunications providers in Moscow with more than ten years of experience in the industry. The company offers a full range of services: from the building of communication lines to the provision of connection services of the new generation. Its goal is to provide a reliable connection to all commercial buildings in the capital of Russia .
Mastertel specialize in the intelligent business solutions for Hosted PBX for small and medium-sized businesses. The team consists of experts with more than 15 years of experience in the telecommunication field. Following the needs of the market, the company focused its activities on creating and promoting Hosted PBX. The experts of the company react promptly to the requests and needs of customers, developing and implementing new important features: allowing the subscriber to choose number and obtain automated service, for example for purchasing additional services, payments, receipt of accounting documents, integration with CRM, facsimile and SMS mailings, creation a solution for resellers, mobile applications.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mastertel-succeeding-in-russias-largest-cities-with-unified-portaswitch-boss--switching-platform-300473445.html
SOURCE PortaOne
http://www.PortaOne.com $page_length='long'; ?>
Harry Kane's sixth goal of the World Cup appeared enough to secure England's first knockout win at a major tournament in 12 years, the Three Lions captain scoring from the spot after they were fouled by Carlos Sanchez.
Dad, can you show me that photo of you guys running after reaching the quarter final?
-“Nah son pic.twitter.com/WbY5StQRLQ — Kyle Walker (@kylewalker2) July 3, 2018
Colombia took the last-16 tie into extra-time with a dramatic equaliser in the 93rd minute in Moscow, Yerry Mina climbing highest in the box to score a head in Juan Cuadrado's corner.
In the shoot-out, David Ospina plunged to their left to keep out Jordan Henderson's poor penalty and give Colombia the advantage, but Mateus Uribe struck the crossbar and Jordan Pickford denied Carlos Bacca brilliantly to give Dier the chance to win it for the Three Lions.
The substitute kept their nerve, Dier drilling home their spot-kick even though Ospina dived the right way, with England now set to take on Sweden on Sunday (AEST) in Samara.
The South American side was without James Rodriguez due to injury and could have had Wilmar Barrios sent off in the first half when they appeared to aim a head-butt into Henderson's chest and chin.
LS engines share a lot of similarities across the line, but they are roughly divided into Gen III and Gen IV versions. There are a few differences between these generations, but a key one that affects swapping one into your car is the reluctor wheel. Also referred to as a tone ring or timing wheel, the reluctor rides on the back of the crank and is read by a magnetic sensor located on the outside of the block near the starter. The magnet reads the teeth on the wheel and this gives the ECU accurate crankshaft position. The Gen III engines (LS1/LS6/LQ4, and early LS2) came with a 24x (24 tooth) reluctor wheel while the Gen IV engines (LS7/LS3/LS9, and later LS2) were fitted with a 58x wheel to give more precise crank position data to the ECU.
One easy way to tell which reluctor wheel you have is to look at the crankshaft sensor. If it's black you have a 24x wheel; if the sensor is gray then you have a 58x wheel. Also, for the most part, 24x engines will have a camshaft sensor just behind the intake manifold while 58x engines typically have the cam sensor in the front timing cover.
So, why does all of this matter? Because the reluctor has to match up to your ECU if you want your engine to run. Some higher-end ECUs let you choose between 58x and 24x, but in most cases ECUs are programmed for a specific type. So, if you have an LS3 ECU then you need that 58x reluctor just like that older LS1 F-body computer will require a 24x wheel.
In our case we had an early (2005-'06) LS2 that had a front-mounted cam sensor and a 24x reluctor wheel on the crank. The problem is that we wanted to put it into a 2007 Trailblazer SS, which meant we needed the 58x wheel. The reluctor wheels on LS cranks are pressed on and there are a few tricks to getting the old one off and the new one on without causing any damage. That's right, you can't just hammer a new one onto your crank and call it a day. First off, the reluctor has to be properly indexed to the crank or your ECU will get inaccurate crank position info, which can cause a host of problems. Secondly, trying to cold press or hammer a cold reluctor onto the crank will most likely result in frustration and a damaged reluctor, especially in the case of the thinner, two-piece 24x wheel.
The key ingredient in this install recipe is heat. By heating the reluctor wheel it will expand just enough to easily slide onto the crank. As for having it indexed properly, the best method is to use a jig specifically designed to install the wheel perfectly every time. Now, we could have marked our crank based on the existing 24x wheel and got pretty damn close but we opted to do it the right way. Since we don't own the required tool, and didn't want to shell out $210 for one, we dropped by our friends at L&R Engines in Santa Fe Springs, California, to get the wheels swapped out. If you frequently mess with LS engines then buy the jig, but if this is a one-time deal then it's worth paying a shop a few buck to do it the right way. So, let's follow along with the proper way to swap the reluctor wheel on your LS crank.
Sources
Goodson Tool & Supplies
800.533.8010
goodson.com
L&R Engine
562-802-0443
lnrengine.com
As much as 90 percent of the miles Americans clock on the road could be spent inside driverless vehicles operated by ride-sharing services by the end of the next decade.
This raises a critical question for companies like Ford, who will need to adapt their business models to compensate for the millions of consumers who might choose to no longer own and operate a personal vehicle.
That's why the auto giant is partnering with Lyft to provide large numbers of completely driverless vehicles within the next few years.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Self-driving car begins coast-to-coast trip at TODAY studio 3:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"One thing is certain. Self-driving technology will change the way business is done,” said Sherif Marakby, the head of autonomous and electrified vehicle operations at Ford. “To help us build a viable business, we intend to work with multiple partners in the coming months to understand what self-driving technology (will mean).”
No Longer Futuristic
Long the stuff of science fiction, self-driving vehicles are quickly becoming an everyday reality. As many as a half-dozen automakers will be offering semi-autonomous capabilities on some of their 2018 models. The Cadillac CT6 sedan with Super Cruise will be able to operate hands-free on well-marked, limited-access highways. Audi's Traffic Jam Assist will handle virtually all driving duties at speeds up to 37 mph, even stopping and restarting in heavy traffic.
Related: Some Uber and Lyft Riders Are Already Ditching Their Own Cars
The first fully autonomous vehicles are expected to go into production by as early as 2020. But those vehicles are widely expected to still require an “operator” to be stationed at the controls, ready to take over in an emergency — or if the vehicle goes beyond specific, geo-fenced areas where it can no longer drive on its own.
But Ford is taking a different tact from many of its competitors like Nissan and Tesla, targeting what is known in industry terms as Levels 4 and 5 autonomy. The goal is to come up with vehicles that never need human intervention and likely won't even have steering wheel and pedals.
Last year, the automaker announced plans to launch these driverless vehicles by 2021, but stressed that it would target ride-sharing services and other Fleet customers. Both Uber and Lyft have set up their own autonomous vehicle development programs. And they are betting they can change the equation by eliminating the most costly part of running their businesses: the driver. That, they claim, would reduce prices to the point where it will be cheaper to hail a ride than to own a personal vehicle. But that strategy does raise concerns about the long-term impact on retail vehicle sales in the U.S. and other parts of the world.
A Cheaper, Safer Ride
A study by the Boston Consulting Group earlier this year said it will likely cost half as much per mile to use ride-sharing compared to owning a vehicle, estimating that more than one-quarter of the miles Americans spend in automobiles by 2030 will be in models that are electrified, driverless, and operated by ride-sharing services. A more controversial report by reThinkX put that at closer to 90 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Lester Holt Takes a Ride in X's Self-Driving Car 0:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
With driverless technology coming to production, that is leading towards a point where “we humans become riders, instead of drivers,” said Doug Davis, an Intel vice president and co-author of another new study looking at the so-called passenger economy. “At the end of the day, this presents a huge opportunity.”
But it also creates potentially serious challenges. Automakers like Ford have based their business model on ever-increasing sales, largely to the retail market. In fact, a number of manufacturers have actually been trying to pare back lower-profit fleet business in recent years.
But Ford has said that it plans to sell its autonomous products exclusively to fleet customers, at least for the first few years. One reason is the high cost of the technology that will be needed for fully driverless vehicles. They're expected to cost tens of thousands more than conventional, human-operated vehicles.
There will, of course, be a lot of those driverless vehicles on the road, operating in artificial-intelligence controlled swarms aimed at ensuring they will be positioned where potential riders will need them most. But since one vehicle will serve lots of customers over the course of the day, there will still be far fewer needed.
At the Frankfurt Motor Show earlier this month, Daimler AG Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche showed off a prototype version of their own company's vision of a driverless ride-sharing vehicle, the two-seat Smart Vision EQ. “We will need half as many” of such driverless ride-share vehicles as privately owned car, Zetsche said. That will not only lower the cost of getting from Point A to Point B but also speed things up by reducing traffic congestion.
Related: How a Driverless World Could Look
But what would that mean for an automaker like Daimler or Ford? Mark Fields, the former Ford CEO and architect of their company's future mobility strategy, acknowledged earlier this year that this will pose a challenge for automakers, though they also stressed that with ride-sharing vehicles routinely operating 24/7 they will likely need to be traded in more often than personal vehicles that are typically owned and operated for as long as 20 years before being scrapped.
What's clear is that there are plenty of challenges getting driverless technology to market. But, once it does, the future for the auto industry is anything but clear. This transition from science fiction to everyday reality will almost certainly require automakers to completely rethink the way they do business as consumers change the way they get from one point to another.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police in Sutton who are hunting for a man wanted in connection with an assault are calling on members of the public to help catch him.
Gavin Walters is wanted in connection with an assault of grevious bodily harm (GBH). The exact details of the allegation have not been revealed by the Metropolitan Police.
The Sutton MPS Twitter account posted a photo of Walters alongside an appeal for people to keep any eye out for them on Tuesday (April 24).
The tweet reads: "Police are appealing for help with catching wanted man Gavin Walters."
Police added the 39-year-old is known to frequent the Carshalton, Butter Hill and Sutton central areas.
Walters is of a slim build with blue eyes, a beard and short brown hair.
(Image: Met Police)
Police are calling on anyone who sees them or has any information about their whereabouts to call 999 immediately.
To report any information anonymously, you can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. — A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a man honoured for their work helping to rebuild more than 200 homes after Superstorm Sandy.
Friday's order issued by U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark in response to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and applies to Indonesians who have orders of removal dating back to before 2009.
The order affects roughly 50 people who had identified themselves to Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2009 as part of a program to obtain work authorization and stays of deportation, according to the ACLU and Seth Kaper-Dale, co-pastor of a church where some of the immigrants sought sanctuary.
The lawsuit came after several enforcement actions by immigration authorities in New Jersey that targeted Indonesian Christians and rekindled fears in a community that includes people who left Indonesia years ago to escape religious persecution.
Two men were arrested last month after they dropped their children off at school. Harry Pangemanan, who has been in the country since 1993 and lives with their wife and two daughters in central New Jersey, sought sanctuary at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, where they are an elder and where they spent nine months in 2012 under similar circumstances.
Two other men, Arthur Jemmy and Yohanes Tasik, already were living there to avoid detention.
Salas ordered both sides to file briefs over the next month.
A spokesperson for ICE's Newark office didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Pangemanan has been staying in a room that doubles as a children's library at the church and had to move their belongings when the library is in use. Their family joined them recently after their home was broken into and vandalized after their name was included in news reports.
“We are trying to stay strong as a family, take one day at a time,” they said in an interview with The Associated Press last week. “You do your best today, do something useful, and tomorrow is in god's hands.”
Pangemanan came to the country in 1993 on a tourist visa that was to lapse in five years, they said. Their wife came in 1998 during a period of turmoil in Indonesia when Christians were being targeted. They cite that as one reason for not going back.
“A thousand churches were burned to the ground between 1996 and 2003,” said Kaper-Dale, of the Highland Park church. “Some islands are safer than others, but it's too simple to say it's safe now.”
Pangemanan concedes they didn't know enough about immigration law when they first arrived, and wasn't aware they had one year to apply for asylum. At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
“Nobody asked you, as long as you are a good man, you work hard and help your company, and you pay your taxes,” they said. “You're working like everybody else, you don't bother anybody. Then everything changed after Sept. 11.”
Working through the church after Sandy devastated the New Jersey coast in 2012, Pangemanan organized more than 2,000 volunteers, matching their skills with the needs of homeowners whose homes had been destroyed. They said they travelled to other areas of the country to perform similar work, including the Carolinas, West Virginia and Texas.
A system put in place after Sept. 11 required non-citizen men and boys from predominantly Arab or Muslim-majority countries to register and be photographed and fingerprinted.
Pangemanan and Jemmy said they complied, and have repeatedly tried to gain legal status since then, without success.
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over their lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for their handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during their confirmation hearings.
Former world 100 metres champion Kim Collins is among six new members of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) Athletes' Commission, it has been announced.
The six additions were elected during the World Championships which closed here yesterday.
Collins, 42, won the gold medal for St Kitts and Nevis at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris.
They also won 200m silver at Edmonton in 2001 and 100m bronze at Helsinki in 2005 before third placed finishes over 100m and in the 4x100m relay at Daegu in 2011.
They were cleared of wrongdoing after a failed drugs test for salbutamol after winning the 100m at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester after proving they had been using the drug as part of treatment for asthma.
Collins is joined by Canadian racewalker Iñaki Gomez, who announced their retirement this year following a career topped by 20 kilometres silver at the Toronto 2015 Pan American Games.
Poland's Adam Kszczot is another addition after winning a second successive 800m silver medal at the World Championships here last week.
The 27-year-old two-lap specialist is also a two-time outdoor and three-time indoor European champion.
Poland's Adam Kszczot is another new member of the IAAF Athletes' Commission ©Getty Images
The trio is joined by Australia's four-time Olympian Benita Willis, a gold medal winner in the long race at the 2004 World Cross Country Championships in Brussels.
Germany's Olympic javelin champion Thomas Röhler is one of two field event representatives after a disappointing fourth placed finish at the World Championships.
The other, Serbian long jumper Ivana Španović, also finished fourth here, albeit in controversial circumstances following an unsuccessful appeal.
They claimed one of their jumps should have been re-measured after their number partially fell off in the sandpit.
Slovenian high jumper Rožle Prezelj is the current chair of the IAAF Athletes' Commission.
Britain's marathon world record-holder Paula Radcliffe is the vice-chair.
Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross are writing the original score for Waves, the latest film from Trey Edward Shults following It Comes At Night, Variety reports. Lucas Hedges of Ladybird and Sterling K. Brown of This Is Us are in talks to star in the musical about teenage life, which would use contemporary songs in addition to new music from Reznor and Ross. The duo have continued to score movies since their work on the 2010 movie The Social Network, which won them an Academy Award.
Nine-Inch Nails recently released their latest album Bad Witch and will be going on a major U.S. tour this fall.
UPDATE 3:10 pm: The deal with Reznor and Ross has not been finalized yet, according to a producer from the film. Variety has removed references to both musicians from their story.
Disappearing bullets I just got three boxes of the new 180 ELD-Match bullets and was ladder testing them when they started not hitting the target. I'm talking not hitting a huge target at 100 yards. I would shoot strings of 4 shots at different lengths to see where the accurate "sweet spot" was. I shot my first string at 3.80 coal with 86 gr. of RL33 and CCI250 primers. Three were half-inch but the fourth went missing. Found it impossible to believe that one bullet went perfectly in another. Cooled the barrel and started the 3.79 string. Fired the first shot at the center of a 2' x 3' white board with 1" orange target sticky dots. Remember this is only 100 yards for chronographing and accuracy. Shoot the first shot and there is not a hole in the target beyond the earlier 4. I purposely shot at the center dot leaving at least 12" to the edge anywhere. Shoot the next two and they are 1/2" or less. Then I shoot # 4 and there is no visible hole again. I am averaging 3145fps. I did 4 strings and at least 1 shot went mia in each one. What in the crap is going on. I shoot the 175 ELD-X's at 3220fps and they always arrive where shot. The only thing I can figure is the bullet is disintegrating. Is this possible with this size of bullet? Is there something that I might be missing? Is anyone else experiencing this phenomenon or maybe can help me understand what is happening? (Bartlein barrell 1/8 twist 27.5" before muzzle brake. Custom build on a old 700 action)
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is no fan of refugees and not one to mince words.
In September 2015, they declared: "European politicians, who spark migrants' hopes of finding a better life in Europe, encouraging them to leave everything behind and risk their lives to come here, are irresponsible. If Europe does not return to the path of reason, it will go under."
Orban made this statement at the height of the refugee crisis. They were the first European leader to close their country's border with barbed wire — to prevent new arrivals from getting in. That step solidified Orban's reputation as a hardliner.
Read more: Viktor Orban: Era of 'liberal democracy' is over
Railing against refugees
Few of their compatriots were surprised by their leader's tough stance. Orban, who co-founded and presently leads Hungary's national-conservative Fidesz party, has been serving as the country's prime minister since 2010. They also led Hungary between 1998 and 2002. In the beginning, many considered Orban a liberal. In recent years, however, they have shifted markedly to the right, putting anti-refugee policies at the top of their agenda.  They are also no stranger to fearmongering, comparing migration to a Trojan horse that breeds terrorism in Europe.  They are eager to preserve Hungary's ethnic homogeneity and explicitly warns against "mixing races."
It's little wonder then that Orban officially opposes EU quotas to relocate refugees throughout the bloc. Their position sparked massive protests and court cases, with Brussels even launching an infringement procedure against Budapest. Although earlier this year, Hungarian authorities admitted they had taken in 1,300 refugees in 2017 — which corresponds to Hungary's EU quota.
Popular at home and abroad
Orban's uncompromising approach has earned them a loyal following at home. In Hungary's parliamentary elections on April 8, the Fidesz party scored a major victory. Together with its coalition partner, the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP), the governing parties command a two-thirds majority in parliament.
While Orban faces opposition from left-leaning politicians, they can also count on numerous foreign supporters. They have been a regular guest at the Bavarian Christian Social Union's (CSU) annual closed-door summit, and since October 2016, Orban and Horst Seehofer — the CSU party leader and German interior minister — even seem to be on a first-name basis. Indeed, Orban even declared Fidesz and the CSU were "brothers in arms."
Blowing things out of proportion
There is a huge discrepancy between Orban's fierce anti-refugee rhetoric and the reality in EU. Only about 2.3 million refugees live across the bloc's 28 member states, which together have a total population of more than 500,000 million inhabitants. Refugees, therefore, make up just 0.45 percent of the population.
These figures are even lower in Hungary. Currently, only several hundred asylum-seekers are housed in purpose-built transit centers on the Hungarian-Serbian border. According to official reports, some 3,350 individuals applied for asylum in Hungary last year. Most of these individuals hail from Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria. While some 1,000 of them were granted temporary subsidiary protection, only about 100 were granted asylum. They are allowed to remain in the country and live in a refugee shelter and will have access to health care services. After one month, however, they will have to fend for themselves.
In Hungary, there are just six refugees per 10,000 inhabitants. In Germany, for comparison, there are 177 refugees per 10,000 inhabitants.
Despite these limited numbers of refugees, Orban's state visit to Germany will focus on the question of migration. Orban takes issue with German Chancellor Angela Merkel's policy-making, which they made abundantly clear at a press conference in Brussels in 2017: "We're facing a German problem, not a European problem."
DW editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
The villa is getting a refurb. Yep, the islanders will be staying in exactly the same abode as last year...
Almost as beautiful as the Love Island contestants themselves is the show's stunning villa.
Advertisement
So for this year's series, ITV have decided to return to exactly the same place. The new crop of islanders will be decamping to the sun-soaked Spanish abode that was home to Kem, Chris, Olivia, Amber and the rest of 2017's cast.
But where exactly is it?
Well, the villa itself is in Mallorca, just outside the sleepy town of Sant Llorenç des Cardassar on the island's stunning east coast.
It's also at the top of a very steep, bumpy track – no doubt so that it's far away from prying eyes.
Ahead of last year's series, the producers created an outdoor gym, a hot tub and a seating area to accompany the existing (heated) infinity pool.
What we can assume is that ITV will have had the painters and decorators in to renovate the gaff, meaning that all that funky neon from last year could well have been done away with.
Sadly, though, the villa is privately owned so you can't rent it for a massive sleepover with all your mates when the Love Island lot move out.
Love Island returns to ITV2 soon
Whoever stole a flag from Stowmarket's Market Place must be a fan of the town.
For the £200, 6ft by 4ft white flag bears only the town council's crest a on a white background, and it is a bit tatty round the edges having been in pole position for three years.
Michelle Marshall, deputy town clerk, said: “It's not just the flag we have to replace. There's an internal mechanism for raising the flag that's been cut, so we have to have that done. I think it could cost quite a bit.”
It was taken from the flagpole between 5pm on Thursday and 8am on Friday and police would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident.
Anyone with any information about the whereabouts of the flag should contact officers at Stowmarket police station on 101 quoting crime number 37/54643/17.
The state-of-the-art transverse ventilation system in the newly-opened 9.2 km Chenani-Nashri tunnel on the Jammu-Srinagar highway may not be working effectively as commuters are complaining of high pollution levels, eye irritation and suffocation inside what has been labelled as one of India's infrastructural wonders.
Some of the commuters using the strategically-important tunnel in Jammu and Kashmir on a regular basis told IANS that they were also battling poor visibility caused by high pollution levels inside what is India's first and the world's sixth road tunnel that uses a hi-tech ventilation system to extract polluted air and maintain a constant flow of fresh air.
Balvinder Singh, a Delhi-based orthopaedic surgeon from Jammu, said they suffered breathing problems when they were inside the tunnel, built with Austrian technology at a cost of Rs 2,900 crore ($450 million) and inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on April 2.
“The ventilation system inside the tunnel probably doesn't work effectively. As soon as we enter the tunnel during peak hours, the visibility starts plummeting. If we travel with the windows down, the pollution level rises. It causes breathing issues as well,” the surgeon with Delhi's Safdarjung Hospital told IANS.
“It feels as if we are passing through a gas chamber,” the surgeon said.
Anil Manhas, who works with the Jammu and Kashmir Education Department, uses the tunnel that has reduced the 41-km distance between Chenani in Udhampur to Nashri in Rambhan to just 11 km, slashing their travel time from two-and-a-half hours to a mere 10 minutes.
“I took it lightly when I used the tunnel for the first time. I had irritation in my eyes. It was also smoke-filled. This is happening regularly now and I think the ventilation system is not working. If this prevails for long… there are chances of vehicles meeting with accidents due to poor visibility,” Manhas said.
Asked about the problem, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) spokesperson Vishnu Darbari said since Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS) had constructed the tunnel, only they would be able to answer queries about it.
But Ashutosh Chandwar, Vice President, IL&FS, contended that the problem has to do with claustrophobia caused by travel though such a long and confined space.
“I do not know why the passengers are feeling such problems… There is absolutely no possibility of it. Whenever there is pollution inside the tunnel, its ventilation system will automatically start and exhaust out the pollution. What people are suffering is phobia of travelling through a long tunnel,” Chandwar told IANS.
They said the ventilation system of the tunnel was “well tested and can tackle every kind of pollution inside the tunnel”.
Environmentalist Vivek Chattopadhyay said pollution levels inside such a long tunnel were bound to increase but could be controlled if the ventilation functions properly.
The Programme Manager at the Centre for Science and Environment said such problems occur in hilly terrain and assimilation of pollutants often occur as these do not disperse easily.
“The problem of poor visibility due to pollution levels inside the tunnel is genuine and it is commonly seen. The problem can be solved only if the ventilation system works effectively,” Chattopadhyay told IANS.
Another problem commuters face on a routine basis is traffic congestion inside the tunnel.
“The traffic congestion due to the continuous flow of all kinds of vehicles is another major problem,” said Bhushan, a Jammu resident who works with the state government.
The NHAI had earlier said vehicles below BS-III engines won't be allowed in.
However, the directive couldn't be executed considering the volume of trucks that ply daily carrying essentials between Jammu and Kashmir, Chandwar of IL&FS said.
(Senate Television via AP). In this image from Senate Television video, Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., pauses as they speak Wednesday, June 14, 2017, on the Senate floor at the Capitol in Washington, about the shooting at the Republican congressional baseb...
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The man who shot a member of congress and four other people Wednesday had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said Wednesday before assailing violence as "unacceptable in our society."
"I am sickened by this despicable act," said Sanders, an independent.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. They ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but they eventually backed them candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. They ignored a reporter's attempt to ask them questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
"Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values."
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, "Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Blake Bortles played season with tendinitis, two shoulder separations
Blake Bortles had a really rough season on the field, and it sounds like it wasn't easy physically either.
The Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback said Monday that they dealt with wrist tendinitis as well as two shoulder separations over the course of the year.
Jaguars QB Blake Bortles told @ESPNdirocco that they played this season with two shoulder separatoins and wrist tendonitis. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) January 2, 2017
Bortles threw for 23 touchdowns this season, down from 35 in 2015. Unfortunately for him, they paired it with 16 interceptions, a problem that has plagued them throughout their entire career. Statistically, Bortles was poor, and their team went just 3-13. Factor in the injuries and it's no wonder they felt this way about the season.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Jack Harrison reached a new personal milestone on Friday.
The New York City FC midfielder was a late substitute for England's Under-21 team in their 3-1 win over Scotland in U-21 Euro qualifying in Middlesbrough.
🦁 | A proud moment for @Harrison_Jack11 as they mmaketheir first-ever international appearance for @England U-21s.
(🎥: @6thBoroughBlues) pic.twitter.com/8j9gkMB2Av — New York City FC (@NYCFC) October 6, 2017
Harrison, 20, came off the bench in the 88th minute for their national team debut, and will look to get more minutes on Tuesday in another qualifier, away at Andorra.
Harrison has 10 goals and six assists so far this season for NYCFC, their second with the club.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Chester FC boss Jon McCarthy branded the Blues' 3-0 home defeat to Solihull Moors on New Year's Day as an 'absolute disaster'.
The Blues dropped to 10th in the National League table after starting 2017 in miserable fashion, losing to Moors for the second time in the space of a week after going down 3-2 in the away clash on Boxing Day.
Goals from Jamey Osborne, Liam Daly and a Harry White penalty sealed the success for the Midlands side, leaving the home congregation deflated come the final whistle.
Said the Blues boss: "We had a big crowd in for New Year, all wanting to come and be entertained and see this team that has been doing so well this year and we have been beaten 3-0 at home. It's a disaster for us, an absolute disaster.
"The dressing room reflects it, we reflect it and I can't sing the praises of too many people, it is just one we will have to take.
(Photo: TerryMarland)
"We didn't defend well, it just sums up the game. It's just massively disappointing for us as a group."
Chester had chances in the opening 15 minutes with Jordan Chapell forcing an early save from Moors keeper Danny Lewis and Sam Hughes hitting the bar with a header, but from then on it was Solihull who dominated the contest.
It was, arguably, Chester's worst display of the season, and McCarthy apologised to fans when speaking to the press after the game.
They said: "We apologise to all those who have come out on New Year's Day, and the tradition that it is, and wanted to see their team win. We are genuinely sorry for that. Sometimes football just does that to us. We will go away and look at it and see what we can put right."
Chester are back in National League action on Saturday when they make the long trip down to Essex to face Braintree Town (3pm).
The average household in Niagara Falls will see their property taxes increase by $55.15 this year, or 1.79 per cent.
That's below the rate of inflation, said city finance director Todd Harrison.
They said the city's net levy increase is 0.97 per cent, “the lowest we've had in this term of council” and the third lowest in a decade.
“I'm impressed with this budget,” said Mayor Jim Diodati.
“It does a bit of everything.”
On Tuesday evening, staff presented a revised 2017 operating budget that included $401,000 in cuts to the initial draft budget presented to council Jan. 24.
Council approved the revised budget.
Cuts were made to employee benefits ($120,000), fuel in the transit department ($102,000) and the realignment of storm sewer costs to the utility budget ($179,000).
Politicians approved $130,644,092 in operating expenses, $615,800 more than expected revenues this year.
When council got its first look at the preliminary operating budget, expenses were proposed to be $131,045,092, $1,016,800 more than projected revenues.
Harrison said staff went back and made some reductions to bring the budget difference, and the tax increase, down.
They said the operating budget maintains core service levels.
It also includes enhanced services tied to council's strategic priorities for culture, cemeteries, preventative maintenance, transit and parks/streets maintenance.
Harrison said the city continues to see a decline in its debt.
In 2014, the debt was $62.4 million. By 2018, the debt is expected to sit at $49.9 million.
They said the city's debt to own source revenue is around five per cent, one of the lowest in Ontario. The provincial limit is 25 per cent.
A significant hike in operating spending this year is proposed for transportation services.
Transit services staff propose moving toward hour-peak service on all conventional routes; eliminating the Wego purple line; adjusting peak-hour service level on the Wego blue line; elimination of bidirectional transfers; establishing a customer-service hub at Dorchester Road/Morrison Street; conventional service-fare adjustment and establishing external lunch facilities at various locations; and extra Sunday service hours to the Chair-A-Van specialized service based on demand.
Staff said implementing phase three of the city's transit improvement plan will provide morning and afternoon peak half-hour service to four additional daytime routes.
That would bring the number of routes having peak-hour service to eight (53 per cent).
Following this implementation, there will be two phases remaining to provide 100 per cent daytime peak-hour service system wide.
Plans beyond phase five will be implemented based on ridership, according to staff.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
FORT WAYNE, Ind. — Bryson Scott scored 25 points and John Konchar added 18 and Fort Wayne defeated Denver 91-63 on Saturday.
Scott and Konchar combined to shoot 18 of 27 from the field and Fort Wayne (16-10, 5-4 Summit League) finished 34 of 65 (52.3 per cent) from the field.
The Mastadons built an early lead with a 9-0 run when Denver went scoreless for almost six minutes and led 20-7. The Pioneers responded with their own 14-7 run with Jake Pemberton making a pair of jump shots and a layup to close within six with 5:49 before halftime. Xzavier Taylor made a layup and Scott a 3-pointer and Fort Wayne closed the half with a 15-8 spurt and Denver trailed by double figures the rest of the way.
Scott started the second half with a 3 for a 45-29 lead and Denver (10-13, 4-5) never got closer than 15 the rest of the way. Kason Harrell made four 3s and scored 14 points.
Pemberton scored 12 and Ade Murkey and Joe Rosga each scored 10.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A knife arch was installed at a Croydon school and officers searched the grounds for weapons to tackle youth crime.
The device, which detects metal as people walk through it, was put up at in the entrance at Oasis Academy Coulsdon, in Homefield Road, on Tuesday (April 24) as hundreds of pupils arrived for the start of the school day.
Police officers also conducted a weapons sweep around the school premises.
Andy Booth, principal of Oasis Academy Coulsdon, worked with Met Police based in Coulsdon to put up the knife arch to reinforce school's "zero tolerance" against pupils carrying bladed items and to help them "feel safe".
Mr Booth said: “Our first priority is the safety and wellbeing of our students and staff, while at school and within the community.
“The schools' police team joining us [on Tuesday] morning contributes to our wider proactive work that we do in supporting our students to feel safe, and to think about what actions they can take to be more safe.
“This is especially helpful in light of recent national concerns around the safety of young people across London."
Mr Booth added they wrote to parents beforehand to explain the knife arch would be installed and that they received "a number of letters from parents who are so supportive of what we are doing to keep our family community safe".
(Image: MPSCoulsdonEast)
In the letter, which was sent to parents at the end of March, Mr Booth said knife crime was a “national concern” and said the knife arch was a “proactive strategy”.
Mr Booth also outlined the school's zero tolerance policy on students carrying bladed items that could be used as weapons, as well as reminding parents that it is illegal for any young person under the age of 18 to smoke.
They finished by urging parents to speak with their children about the danger of knife crime because a “poor choice” could have “serious consequences”.
MPS Coulsdon East said the knife arch operation was “successful”.
The tweet said: “Successful knife Arch operation and weapons sweep at Oasis Academy this morning. Thanks to @MPSCoulsdonWest, @MPSPurley, Croydon police schools team and staff at the school.”
(Image: MPSCoulsdonEast)
A Met Police spokesperson said knife arches are a “tried and tested tactic” to combat knife crime – and will be continued to be used in schools around the borough in the future.
The spokesperson added: “The Met Police is committed to tackling knife crime and uses a number of tactics to disrupt the carrying of knives by young people.
“The use of knife arches at key locations is a tried and tested tactic. It is one of a number of enforcement and diversionary tactics used by police to tackle knife crime.”
How putting a knife arch in McDonald's has helped tackle youth crime in Croydon
It is not the first time a knife arch has been used to combat knife crime in Croydon in recent months.
One first appeared in McDonald's on North End in November last year, and then a second time in the same restaurant a month later.
A temporary knife arch was also installed for one day in February at East Croydon station, with commuters directed through the arch by British Transport Police (BTP) officers.
BEIJING (AP) — China has criticized rival Taiwan over the cancellation of flights during the Lunar New Year holiday in response to a dispute over a new air route.
A spokesperson for the Chinese Cabinet's Taiwan Affairs Office says the move to cancel 176 flights over the holiday beginning Feb. 16 is inconveniencing Taiwanese and "hurting the feelings" of people on both sides.
Taiwan complains it was not properly consulted about the opening of route M503 and that it poses a danger to planes landing and taking off from on islands near the Chinese coast controlled by Taiwan.
China and Taiwan divided amid civil war in 1949 and Beijing threatens to use force to take control of the self-governing island republic. It has been increasing economic and diplomatic pressure on the island.
Pink performs at The Armory on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Minneapolis. Photo by Michael Zorn
Actress @DebraMessing at Trump #TaxMarchNYC: “Mr. Trump, if you have nothing to hide, then please release them. Why not?” via @MorganRadford pic.twitter.com/lje11qhcpc — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) April 15, 2017
Report Calls Out Just How Much Time MSNBC's Maddow Spends on Trump & Russia
‘Who Gave You Your Manners?': Russia's Lavrov Scolds NBC's Mitchell
A Media Research Center analyst raised questions this morning about the media's real agenda in covering the Tax Day protests, specifically pointing to an MSNBC interview with actor Debra Messing.
At the rallies Saturday, many Americans called for President Donald Trump to release their tax returns and continued to push the narrative about alleged connections to Russia.
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
At one of the rallies, the former “Will & Grace” star told MSNBC that Trump “has deep links to Russia” and said American democracy was “attacked and infiltrated by Russia.”
Messing said if Trump has nothing to hide, then they should release the tax returns to reassure the American people about their business ties.
“If you care about the American people, you will release your taxes,” they said.
The reporter, Morgan Radford, then followed up by asking whether protests are the “best way to make our voices heard” in order to “neutralize” the threat posed by the current administration.
Media Research Center managing editor Brittany Hughes weighed in, taking issue with the “leading” line of questioning and saying that media bias on the left does not get more blatant.
“You might as well just put down the microphone, pick up a picket sign and a pink knitted hat and go running into the march yourself. This is Journalism 101. You don't do this,” they said.
Watch the Messing clip above and the “Fox & Friends” discussion below.
Homeland's Patinkin on Muslim ‘Fear': White Men in Gov't, Military Are the Problem
That Time Sean Spicer (Really) Dressed as the White House Easter Bunny
‘Patriotism Triggering People': College Votes to Remove Flag From Meetings
At least 28 million Americans have experienced a spike in the cost of their prescription medications in the past 12 months. And for 4 million of them, the price was so high they walked away without their prescription altogether, according to a new Consumer Reports survey.
“We are nearing a crisis point with what Americans can afford for medication, and it's scary," concluded Consumer Reports. "And honestly, as far as we can tell, there are no brakes on it right now. Congress may have a few things up its sleeve, but we're still waiting,”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Who Decides The Cost of Prescription Drugs? 3:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It was the one topic that both presidential candidates could agree on during the campaign trail last year -- prescription drug prices have become too high.
The reasons behind the spike in drug prices is complicated, but experts point to basic market economics.
“There's nothing that puts a stop to it," said Lisa Gill of Consumer Reports. "Companies can charge whatever they want.”
There are several parties involved that contribute to the rising cost of prescription medications: The drug company that manufactures the drug, and the insurance company that pays for you to have the drug.
What you may not know is there's a middle man -- called a pharmacy benefit manager, or PBM. That's who negotiates prices with the drug companies and the pharmacies, on behalf of the insurance companies.
“It's truly an all backdoor negotiation, it's not anything you or I get to see, but that happens with pharmacy benefit managers,” Gill told NBC News.
Here's how it works. Drug companies set the list prices for drugs, but they set them high. They know no one is actually going to pay that price. Consider it like buying a car: You don't pay the sticker price, you barter with the salesperson and make your best offer. When it comes to drugs, the drugmaker, the insurance companies and the pharmacies all barter with the PBM. And the PBM decides who pays what, based on the best offer.
That's why one drug for high cholesterol may be covered at 80 percent, while another drug that does the exact same thing is only covered at 20 percent. Or, why the very same drug at one pharmacy chain costs twice as much as it does at another pharmacy chain. In both cases -- it all depends on what deal the PBM has made.
“So consumers are actually in the center of a battle between insurance companies and drug companies, and the way that they do business.” Gill explains.
Everyone blames the other for high prices. The drug companies blame the PBMs, saying they force them to drive prices up because of all those deals. The PBMs blame the drug companies, saying they wouldn't have to make deals if the prices were lower. And, the insurance companies blame both, saying for whatever reason, prices are just too high.
So, is there any way to solve the problem?
Gill has one solution: “For the actual retail price of a drug to go down, it would take either government intervention or for the marketplace to actually lower the price.”
CHICAGO — Max Strus scored a career-best 24 points and grabbed seven rebounds as DePaul beat Illinois-Chicago 65-55 on Saturday afternoon.
Strus scored 12 of their team's 29 first-half points and the Blue Demons (5-4) were up by three at the break.
Tre'Darius McCallum sank a 3-pointer to start the second half, sparking a 12-2 run capped by a Strus 3 and DePaul led 41-28 with 16:05 to go. UIC cut it to 57-51 with 4:28 remaining but couldn't get closer.
Eli Cain added 14 points, eight rebounds and eight assists for the Blue Demons and McCallum chipped in 11 points.
The team averaged 42 per cent shooting from the field compared to 31 per cent for UIC. DePaul also had a 42-34 rebounding edge.
Dominique Matthews led the scoring for the Flames (3-6) with 13 points. Tai Odiase added nine points with five rebounds and six blocked shots.
Reps probe N2bn alleged diverted funds by Abuja Investment Company
A sum of N2 billion allegedly diverted by Abuja Investment Company Limited (AICL) is to be investigated by the House of Representatives.
To this end, the House mandated its committee on Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to investigate the allegation, with a view to exposing the alleged diversion of funds and inefficiency and report back within three weeks for further legislative action.
The resolution was passed following the adoption of a motion sponsored by Shehu Musa who accused former AICL management of diverting over N2 billion proceeds from 13 subsidiaries of AICL.
The AICL subsidiaries include: Abuja property Development Company Ltd (APDC) with 100 percent shareholding, Abuja Urban Mass transport Company Limited (AUMTCO) with 100 percent shareholding, Abuja Market Marketing Limited (AMML) with 95 percent shareholding, Abuja Technology Village Free Zone (ATVFZ) with 51 percent shareholding and Abuja Film Village Ltd with 50 percent and Gas Farm Project with 50 percent shareholding.
The company also hold 20% shares in Abuja Leasing Company (ALC), 20% shares in Power North AICL Equipment Leasing Company, 20% shares in American Hospital and 10% shares in Aso Savings and Loans Plc.
Similarly, AICL owns 10% shares in Abuja Power Company Limited, 6.51% shares in Capital Hotels (Sheraton Hotels and Towers, Abuja) 5% shares in Abuja Downtown Mall.
In their lead debate, Musa expressed concern that despite the rapid growth of investments, the AICL, which is wholly owned by the FCTA is not remitting the required revenue to the FCT treasury; adding that the company has over $100 million currently under its management.
“Section 88 of the 1999 constitutiona empowers the National Assembly to investigate any matter or thing with respect to which it has power to make laws, the conduct of affairs of any person or authority charged with the responsibility of administering laws and disbursing moneys appropriated by the National Assembly for the purpose of making or amending laws and exposing corruption, inefficiency or waste in the execution of laws.
“The House is also aware that AICL, as an investment arm of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) with a mandate to facilitate, encourage and attract investments into the FCT, was set up in October 2006 following the restructuring of Abuja Investment and Property Development Company Limited (AIPDC) which was incorporated in 1994,” they explained.
They observed that despite the rapid growth of investments, the company which is wholly owned by FCT administration is not remitting the required revenue to treasury.
KEHINDE AKINTOLA
The post Reps probe N2bn alleged diverted funds by Abuja Investment Company appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Labour plans to equip school leavers with driver licences and budgeting skills as part of its education toolkit if it wins the election. Kelston Girls College students shared their thoughts about the policy.
Too young to vote but keen to have a say. Kelston Girls College students told Te Kāea their thoughts.
17-year-old Lashaya Nikoia says, “It's quite interesting the things they brought up like the skills. I had thought about it and a lot of us don't have skills fully developed before we leave high school.”
17-year-old Raimona Wairepo says, “The Māori students think they can't do this and they can't do that but it's because we don't have the support and if we had the support and we had the encouragement, we would go so far.”
Labour's School Leavers' Toolkit will allow school leavers to sit their first learner's and restricted driver licence test, access five-hours driving lessons and defensive driving courses free of charge. They will also learn civics, understand practical budgeting and gain practical certifiable skills to transfer to the workplace.
Labour Party Leader Jacinda Ardern says, "This will enable our young people to be work ready. Seventy-percent of those entry level jobs require a driver licence and we know there have been groups in the past that have been pushing for something like this to try to stop our young people from being criminalised for not having the right licence when they are driving."
ut with technology progressing fast and more self-driving cars on the horizon is Labour's policy already outdated?
Ardern says, “Who knows where we'll be in a few decades' time. All I know now is there is a need now and we need to address that.”
Labour says although some schools offer these programmes, the current approach was ad hoc. Ardern says the toolkit would be available to all.
AUSTIN, Texas — Texas measures to restrict access for transgender people to bathrooms in schools and public buildings appear doomed this week after hundreds of businesses stood in opposition and moderate Republican powerbrokers blocked the bills.
The so-called bathroom bills have caused rifts among Republicans who control the state's legislature, leaving no likely path to passage before a 30-day special session wraps on Wednesday, analysts and lawmakers said.
"The bathroom bill in this session is dead and buried with dirt over its coffin," said Mark Jones, a political science professor at Rice University in Houston.
Transgender activist and San Antonio architect Ashley Smith speaks at a rally against a so-called "bathroom bill" being considered by the Republican-dominated Texas Senate at the Texas Capitol in Austin, Texas. Jon Herskovitz / Reuters
Enactment in Texas, the most populous Republican-dominated state, could give momentum to other socially conservative states for additional action on an issue that has become a flashpoint in the U.S. culture wars.
But House Speaker Joe Straus, a pro-business Republican who controls the agenda in the body, has shown little interest in passing a bathroom bill, which they said was not a priority.
Their position was buffeted by a well-financed campaign from major corporations including Texas-based energy companies Halliburton and ExxonMobil Global Services, which have said the bills were discriminatory and would make it hard for them to recruit top talent.
Supporters of the legislation, who say it can help protect women and children from sexual assaults, have not given up.
But they acknowledge there is only a slim chance of success, with lawmakers still trying to reach deals on almost all of the 20 priority items set by Republican Governor Greg Abbott for the session.
Related: Transgender Texan Trolls Governor to Protest 'Bathroom Bill'
Senate Bill 3, which made it through the Senate and stalled in the House, requires people to use restrooms, showers and locker rooms in public schools and other state and local government facilities that match the sex on their birth certificate, as opposed to their gender identity.
A push for bathroom bills nationally sputtered after North Carolina partially repealed such a measure in March after boycotts by athletic organizations and businesses that have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars.
Opposition against the Texas measures includes global tech giants IBM and Apple, major Texas city police chiefs who contested claims the bills would protect public safety, left-leaning religious leaders and the National Hockey League's Dallas Stars team.
Republican Representative Ron Simmons, who sponsored a version of the bathroom legislation in the Texas House, said the privacy issue at the heart of the bills is supported by a wide majority of Republican primary voters.
"Just because we don't pass legislation doesn't mean that the issue is not going to be there," they said.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
For runners, there's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time. Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve.
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race. Derek Murphy, 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio, is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest.
Depending on their age group, runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon. Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon (there are a small amount of charity bibs available, for which no qualifying time is required). Murphy and their network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there, they said.
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who didn't run the previous race themselves but used a “bib mule,” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them. Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast, have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times, or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints. (Along the race course, runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones, like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point.) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston.
They posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot, they likely wouldn't be able to hide it from him.
“My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that didn't earn the honor – Don't do it,” Murphy wrote on their blog. “You didn't earn the right to wear that bib. There is a very good chance that you will be identified..if you haven't been already.”
Murphy, who started the blog in 2015, said they have run 10 marathons.
“I've never been close to qualifying for Boston, but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that,” Murphy told the Boston Globe. “So, people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way.”
They also discourage runners from selling their bib, which is an illegal practice in many road races. Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course, and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens. If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else, race personnel can't accurately identify everyone.
Although he's not officially affiliated with Boston, Murphy's work helps the Boston Athletic Association, which puts on the marathon, identify cheaters it wouldn't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify.
“We'll have some people every year who'll behave in a way that they shouldn't,” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe. “But from what we can tell, the number of people who misbehave is very, very small. There's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see.”
LOS ANGELES — Uber's board of executives voted Sunday to accept all former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder's recommendations in their internal investigation of the company's months-long crisis over allegations of sexual harassment — but it didn't say what they are.
After meeting for more than six hours, the board said it voted for Holder's recommendations unanimously but wouldn't make them public until Tuesday.
Citing unnamed sources, Reuters and The New York Times separately reported that Chief Executive Travis Kalanick may also temporarily leave the company as a result of the meeting on Sunday and Holder's report.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Uber CEO Travis Kalanick may take a leave of absence from the compnay 0:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Holder and Arianna Huffington, an Uber board member, declined to comment as they emerged from the meeting.
The vote comes nearly four months after a former engineer, Susan Fowler, published a blog post alleging that a superior propositioned them on their first day. When they provided documentation of the incident, they wrote, the company's human resources department defended the manager as a "high performer."
Other women at Uber made similar claims about the same manager, Fowler wrote.
Kalanick called the allegations "abhorrent" — and in a separate probe, commissioned after Fowler's post, the Perkins Coie law firm examined 215 claims of harassment, bullying and inappropriate behavior.
As of June 6, 20 people had been fired. One hundred cases yielded no action, and 57 were still under review, the company said. Two employees were to be given additional training, and five more were issued final warnings.
Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick speaks to students at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, in January 2016. Danish Siddiqui / Reuters, file
The allegations and investigations marked just one scandal among many at the $70 billion company.
In December, the company's former head of information security compliance alleged in a lawsuit that thousands of employees abused Uber's security systems to secretly track everyone from ex-spouses to celebrities.
In April and May, class action lawsuits filed in New York and California alleged that Uber skimmed millions of dollars from passengers. The latter suit was filed one day after the company admitted that it underpaid drivers in New York City by tens of millions more.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed March 1: Uber CEO Caught on Camera Arguing With Driver Overprices 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And in February, in an exchange captured on camera, an Uber driver giving Kalanick a ride complained about the company's pricing model, to which Kalanick responded: "Some people don't like to take responsibility for their own s***. They blame everything in their life on somebody else."
"I must fundamentally change as a leader and grow up," Kalanick later said in an email to employees about the exchange. "This is the first time I've been willing to admit that I need leadership help and I intend to get it."
Jo Ling Kent reported from San Francisco. Tim Stelloh reported from New York. Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles.
West Lincoln's mayor planned to move forward with their request for an extra Niagara regional councillor for the township Monday during a face-to-face meeting with Ontario's Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Douglas Joyner was scheduled to meet with Minister Bill Mauro Monday at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference in Ottawa, where local politicians and those throughout the province are gathered until Wednesday.
Joyner's request to change the composition of Regional council by adding an extra member was emailed to the minister on July 21.
“I wanted the opportunity just to put the letter in their hand and more or less say to him, ‘Look, West Lincoln is ready to go. The Niagara Region has given its blessing',” Joyner said Monday by phone from Ottawa. “Please sooner than later sign off on this, so that we can begin the next steps.”
Joyner told Regional council on July 21 that they wanted another regional representative for West Lincoln because its population is anticipated to double in the next 25 years.
West Lincoln and Wainfleet are the only two municipalities in the region with only one representative on regional council — their mayors.
The 31-member body is made up of the chair, 12 mayors and 18 members elected from 10 Niagara municipalities.
Niagara Regional council agreed to ask the province for permission to begin the process to change the size of council.
If the province grants that authority, the region would have to hold at least one public meeting. It would then have to go through a “triple majority” process. A majority of regional councillors would have support the idea and the majority of Niagara's 12 municipalities, representing the majority of the population, would have to support it.
That's sure to set off debate within the various municipalities.
St. Catharines city councillor Bruce Williamson, who represents Port Dalhousie, is already planning to ask for a city staff report at the city's Aug. 21 meeting in anticipation of the issue coming to council.
Williamson said St. Catharines citizens are under-represented at the Region and city council needs factual information about the state of representation by population in Niagara Regional government when it deals with Joyner's request.
They said Pelham received an extra seat a few years ago and at the time St. Catharines was told the inequity it faced would be addressed next.
“It never was,” they said. “Now we've got an even smaller town with much superior representation comparatively, wanting another seat to get even more representation. It flies in the face of common sense.”
While Williamson said he's in favour of representation by population, they don't think the region needs more politicians. They said there may be another governance model they can explore, but it won't be in time for the next election.
St. Catharines has six regional councillors plus the mayor. Its 2016 population was 133,113, compared to West Lincoln's 14,500.
Joyner is aiming to have the process for an extra West Lincoln councillor done by Dec. 31, which is the deadline for changes for the 2018 election.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Editor's Note: This story has been updated with the latest estimate for when the space station could fall.
A defunct Chinese space station is expected to plunge to Earth from its orbital perch in early April.
The Tiangong-1 station will mostly burn up as it plummets through Earth's atmosphere. Some fragments could survive the fiery reentry, but experts say the risk to humans on the ground is small.
“I personally wouldn't be fearful at all about being struck by space debris,” said Dr. Andrew Abraham, a senior member of the technical staff at the Aerospace Corporation, a federally funded research organization based in El Segundo, California, that has been modeling the 18,000-pound station's reentry path.
An Aerospace analysis found that “the risk that an individual will be hit and injured by a piece of debris is estimated to be less than one in a one trillion.”
“It's much more common to be hit by lightning,” said Dr. William Ailor, principal engineer for the Center for Orbital and Reentry Debris Studies at Aerospace.
But figuring out exactly where debris from Tiagong-1 could end up is no small task.
“It's challenging to predict the time of reentry, and even more challenging to get the location,” Abraham said. “One thing we do know is that [Tiangong-1] will reenter between 43 degrees North and 43 degrees South latitude, but beyond that we don't know the precise location.”
For now, ground stations are able to track Tiangong-1 as it speeds along at 16,000 miles an hour some 180 miles above Earth. But as gravity exerts its inexorable pull and the station's orbit decays, it becomes hard to predict the station's position over the planet.
Researchers won't be able to determine with any reliability the ground track — the path along which debris could fall — until roughly a day or two before the satellite falls, Ailor said.
“Once it starts to break apart, each of the pieces will fall along the track, but they can be spread out by several hundred miles,” they added.
It's not clear whether China can still control the space station. In a May 2017 update provided to the United Nations, China said Tiangong-1 “ceased functioning” on March 16, 2016 but provided no additional details about the status of the orbiting outpost.
Recently, a top Chinese spaceflight engineer denied that the space station was out of control, Reuters reported. But Ailor challenged that assertion, saying it's more likely that Tiangong-1 will make an uncontrolled reentry.
(Story continues below chart)
Embraer Services & Support signed a services agreement with Belavia Belarusian Airlines to support the carrier's E-Jets fleet. The program will support Belavia's existing fleet of two E-175s and two E-195s.
S7 Technics was selected by Russia's Azimuth Airlines for its first Sukhoi Superjet 100 (SSJ100) C-Check. The aircraft was redelivered to the operator after its first heavy maintenance check, which was completed at Domodedovo International Airport at the beginning of April. The current project, the C-check on Azimuth Airlines' SSJ 100 was the ninth heavy maintenance check on the type for the provider.
Magellan Aerospace has a 5-year, C$48 million ($37.5 million) Airbus contract to supply A330 wing ribs.
StandardAero has a 3-year contract from Canada's Air Georgian to provide maintenance support out for 17 Honeywell 36-150RJ APUs for its Bombardier CRJ100/200s; work will be performed at Maryville, Tennessee.
Fastener Distribution Holdings (Audax Private Equity) has acquired Southern California-based Blue Sky Industries, which distributes C-class parts to MROs and OEMs.
Airbus was selected by Philippine Airlines to provide component maintenance support for six A350-900s under its Flight Hour Services (FHS) program, powered by SkyWise data platform.
SR Technics has a 10-year Hong Kong Express contract to provide component maintenance, pool access and logistical services out of Kuala Lumpur (pools in Hong Kong) for 20 Airbus A320ceos/12 A320neos.
Cavu Aerospace has purchased 20 ex-American Airlines' MD-80s for part out.
Toronto Maple Leafs forward Auston Matthews was held out of Sunday night's game against the Edmonton Oilers with an upper-body injury.
Matthews was originally listed by Leafs coach Mike Babcock as a game-time decision, saying at the morning skate that the 20-year-old forward is: “One of those guys with bumps and bruises.”
Matthews took an accidental hit to the head from teammate Morgan Rielly with 2:50 remaining in the third period of a 4-3 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday.
They stayed on the bench and played two more shifts prior to the end of the game.
Matthews also missed four games in early November with an upper-body injury.
The Arizona native leads Toronto with 26 points in 26 games.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
For many Americans, a house will very likely be the largest purchase they ever make. With homeownership in America often viewed as a sign of socioeconomic success, it's not surprising that the latest data from the U.S. Census Bureau showed 63.5%, nearly two out of every three adults, owned a home.
However, buying a home can be a dangerous venture if you're unprepared. Not understanding your options could wind up costing you thousands, or tens of thousands, of added dollars if you aren't well informed. Arguably the most important decision you'll make during the house-hunting process, aside from picking out the house itself, is the type of mortgage you'll choose and the length of your loan.
Fixed vs. adjustable?
Mortgages essentially fall into two types of categories: fixed rate and adjustable rate. As the name implies, the interest rate on a fixed-rate loan is locked in by you, the homebuyer, during the buying process with your lender. A fixed-rate mortgage holds no surprises. The amount you'll pay in the first year of your loan will be the same as the last year of your loan, regardless of your mortgage term.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The only variables that can alter your monthly payment with a fixed-term mortgage are whether you'll owe private mortgage insurance (PMI) for putting less than 20% down on your home and your property taxes, assuming they're rolled up into your mortgage payment with a lender. It's also possible your homeowners insurance could be rolled into your monthly payment and your rates can change annually, affecting your total payment.
An adjustable-rate mortgage, or ARM, is a complete wildcard in the mortgage industry, and it's almost always more trouble than it's worth. ARMs usually have an enticingly low interest rate that's below some of the most popular fixed-rate mortgage options. This teaser rate typically lasts for a few years (three to seven is common), then your loan “adjusts” to reflect the movement in mortgage rates during the period where your interest rate was below market. If mortgage rates have moved up substantially, you could be in for an unpleasant surprise. ARMs do have use for prospective homebuyers, but they're better off used in situations where a homebuyer expects to pay off their purchase fairly quickly.
Similar to those with a fixed-rate mortgage, homebuyers with an ARM could also see changes in their property taxes and insurance, as well as their need for PMI, affect their monthly payout.
Image source: Getty Images.
How to choose the right mortgage term
Now that you have a better idea of the type of loans you can choose from, let's take a closer look at the trade-off between the four most popular mortgage terms: 10-, 15-, 30-, and 40-year. The following options assume a fixed-rate mortgage.
10-year mortgage: One of the more intriguing options for those of you who'll be able to put a large down payment on a home is a 10-year mortgage. Lenders are usually willing to offer significantly lower interest rates for 10-year mortgages since there's less time risk to the lender (i.e., the lender will get their capital back quicker). The downside of a 10-year mortgage is that your monthly payment will usually be much higher. Of course, the real advantage is that your total loan cost will be the lowest with a 10-year mortgage.
One of the more intriguing options for those of you who'll be able to put a large down payment on a home is a 10-year mortgage. Lenders are usually willing to offer significantly lower interest rates for 10-year mortgages since there's less time risk to the lender (i.e., the lender will get their capital back quicker). The downside of a 10-year mortgage is that your monthly payment will usually be much higher. Of course, the real advantage is that your total loan cost will be the lowest with a 10-year mortgage. 15-year mortgage: A 15-year mortgage is the second-most popular mortgage term in America, next to the traditional 30-year loan. Like a 10-year mortgage, a 15-year offer a notably lower interest rate than a 30-year. On the other hand, you can also expect higher monthly payments as a homeowner than a conventional 30-year loan.
A 15-year mortgage is the second-most popular mortgage term in America, next to the traditional 30-year loan. Like a 10-year mortgage, a 15-year offer a notably lower interest rate than a 30-year. On the other hand, you can also expect higher monthly payments as a homeowner than a conventional 30-year loan. 30-year mortgage: The 30-year mortgage is the most popular loan option for purchasing a home in America. It's often viewed as one of the least risky options for lenders, but having the convenience of stretching your payment out over 30 years means you as the homeowner will pay more in interest over the life of the loan (assuming it's stretched out over all 30 years). For homebuyers who plan to stay in their home for a long time, the 30-year mortgage tends to be a good option.
The 30-year mortgage is the most popular loan option for purchasing a home in America. It's often viewed as one of the least risky options for lenders, but having the convenience of stretching your payment out over 30 years means you as the homeowner will pay more in interest over the life of the loan (assuming it's stretched out over all 30 years). For homebuyers who plan to stay in their home for a long time, the 30-year mortgage tends to be a good option. 40-year mortgage: Though not the most popular option, a 40-year mortgage may offer benefits for certain types of homebuyers. In particular, it may be useful for consumers looking to buy a pricey home while keeping their monthly payment low. The downside of a 40-year loan is it often bears the highest interest rate of these four options, and is the costliest loan when interest is included.
How about a visualization to go along with these descriptions? Assuming you were going to take out a $200,000 loan across each mortgage length, and based on the current mortgage interest rate in each category, courtesy of Bankrate as of Dec. 21, 2016, here's how much you'd owe monthly and over the course of the entire loan:
Mortgage Term 10-Year 15-Year 30-Year 40-Year Fixed mortgage rate 3.24% 3.56% 4.31% 4.56% Monthly payment $1,953 $1,436 $991 $907 Total cost of loan $234,414 $258,420 $356,730 $435,290
Data source: Bankrate as of Dec. 21, 2016. Author estimated 40-year mortgage rate based on an average increase across the industry of 0.25% for a 40-year loan compared to a 30-year. Table by author.
As you can see, the monthly payment for the 10-year loan is more than double the 40-year loan and about double what you'd pay with a conventional 30-year loan. However, the 10-year mortgage term also results in just $34,414 in total interest compared to $156,370 in interest for a 30-year loan and $235,290 in interest with a 40-year loan. In fact, you'll pay more in interest than your house was initially worth with a 40-year mortgage.
One last reminder
A final factor worth keeping in mind is that the size of your loan may come into play as well when deciding on term length. While there's no concrete number here, a small home loan of under $100,000 can result in a higher interest rate since the lender will want to ensure that making such a relatively small home loan nets it a profit. Likewise, a jumbo loan (a mortgage of $417,000, or higher) often results in a slightly higher interest rate since a lender is taking on a bigger risk by lending out so much of its capital.
Now that you have a firm understanding of the variables that'll determine your mortgage, you're better prepared for the house-hunting process.
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Sean Williamshas no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow them on CAPS under the screen nameTMFUltraLong, and check them out on Twitter, where they go by the handle@TMFUltraLong.
The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter servicesfree for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe thatconsidering a diverse range of insightsmakes us better investors. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.
Ken Mickey of Thompson Garage Doors, Inc. has been named chair of the Better Business Bureau's (BBB) 2017 Board of Directors.
Other officers include: Tim Erlach, Erlach, Computer Consulting, Inc.; vice chair; Lisa Collup, Moana Nursery, treasurer; and Timothy Johnston, BBB, secretary.
Named as directors of the the 2017 BBB board were: Bill Aue, Allied Electric, Inc.; Jeanne Baxter, Ethan Allen and Bassett Furniture (immediate past chair); Michael W. Buis, Pacific States Communications of Nevada, Inc.; Malinda Campbell, Dynamic Diesel, Inc. and American Truck & Trailer Repair, Inc.; Gretchen Djukanovich, NV Energy; Ron Ford, Sierra Air, Inc.; Gil Grieve, Concours Body Shop; Lynne Hartung, KTVN Channel 2 (honorary director); Ron Jones, Nevada Commercial Services, Inc.; Dale Lowery, D & D Plumbing, Inc.; Kyle McClelland, Have Lights Will Travel, Inc.; Sam McKernan, Sam's Sparkle Shop, Inc.; Susan Moreno, CVirtual, Inc.; Janice Ono, AT&T Nevada; Jon B. Orrill, Winsupply Reno NV Co.; and Joseph Truppi, Truppi Custom Homes, Inc.
Katherine F. Parks of Thorndal Armstrong Delk Balkenbush & Eisinger represents BBB as its legal counsel.
Motorists and technicians alike are always looking for ways to extend engine life and restore engine performance to original levels. Penray Inc. says it has introduced two new chemical service kits that do exactly that.
Penray's new two-step Oil and Fuel Treatment Kit No. 7702 offers a simple-to-use chemical service kit that removes debris and deposits from fuel systems, while fortifying engine oil with a specially-formulated compound that strengthens and extends the life of engine oil. The combination of these two products enhances the effectiveness of any oil change service.
Penray also is introducing an upgraded three-step Premium Oil System Cleaner kit, No. 7603. This new kit includes the same oil and fuel supplements as the two-step kit, and adds Penray's Crankcase and Differential Cleaner. This powerful cleaning agent is particularly useful on higher-mileage engines, those which have seen severe service or those that have not had regular oil and filter changes. This cleaner is designed to be added to engine oil five minutes before draining, and works to dissolve gum, sludge and varnish throughout the crankcase, including critical areas like pistons, rings, cylinder walls and the highly-sensitive cam/lifter interface.
“These two new chemical service kits, created and manufactured in the United States, represent an important opportunity to upgrade a routine oil change into a premium engine service,” said Mark Kardon, director of marketing for Penray. “The precision of fuel injectors used in virtually all late-model cars requires that they be kept meticulously clean and free of debris and deposits that can interfere with proper fuel delivery and injector spray patterns. These two new service kits provide the opportunity to upgrade to a powerful premium service that enhances both performance and longevity.”
Ousmane Dembele is back in training with Barcelona but will not take part in Sunday's derby against Espanyol, as Ernesto Valverde insists they will be "careful" bringing the Frenchman back from injury.
The 20-year-old winger has endured a miserable start to life in Catalonia with respect to injuries, tearing their hamstring in just their second LaLiga outing, ruling them out until January.
They then suffered another hamstring problem against Real Sociedad on January 16, in their second match since returning to fitness, and was expected to be out for a further four weeks.
Dembele appears to be ahead of schedule in their recovery, having taken part in full training on Saturday, but Valverde has urged people not to get too carried away, adamant the attacker is not going to be risked on Sunday.
"Dembele is not here to play," Valverde told reporters.
"We'll try to be careful with him; he's part of the [training] group. We'll see when he's going in. I'm not a risk-taker."
Much of the build-up to the derby clash has centred around comments made by Gerard Pique after their Copa del Rey tie in January.
The defender referred to Barça's neighbours as "Espanyol de Cornella", implying they should not be considered a Barcelona club following their move to nearby Cornella de Llobregat, but that will not come into Valverde's reckoning when picking the team.
"I'm not thinking of anything other than putting the best team to win tomorrow [Sunday]," Valverde said.
"Complaints are part of the rivalry. We are rivals; the coaches and the players, and also the team-mates. On the field each one is going to give their own. There is tension in the matches, the rivalry, but there is not much more to it than that – it is a football match.
"I do not care [about a hostile atmosphere]. It's a lot of noise, but it's normal."
Valverde also addressed suggestions that Yerry Mina has not impressed in training, dismissing those reports by insisting the Colombian is available to play.
"Mina could play, he's called into the squad," Valverde added.
"I have to decide between one player and another. So far I've decided to leave [Samuel] Umtiti and Pique [in the team]. They [Mina] has already passed their adaptation. I've just preferred other players until now."
Out of sight, out of mind? That is not the case with Jung Ho Kang and the Pittsburgh Pirates.
During the offseason, Pittsburgh Pirates third baseman Jung Ho Kang ran afoul of the law yet again. They were convicted for the third time for DUI, with a hit and run accident as part of their legal issues. That led to their work visa being denied, leaving the third baseman in Korea to start the season.
However, the Pirates have not forgotten about Kang just because they are stuck overseas. Instead, they are still hoping that they can rejoin the team at some point this year, giving the team another bat in the lineup. Yet, if they do find their way stateside, Kang will have a great deal of rust to shake off.
With this in mind, the Pirates are sending Kang a special gift. Although they have been working out on their own in korea, it just is not the same as facing Major League caliber pitching. As such, the Pirates are sending Kang a special pitching machine, one that can replicate Major League caliber pitches.
More from Call to the Pen
What Kang is getting is actually a hybrid machine. It is a cross between the Shizuoka Prefecture, a Japanese pitching machine that can throw a 143 MPH fastball, and the e-Hack Attack. The latter pitching machine can be programmed to throw any pitch, replicating the performance of pitches like Corey Kluber‘s slider. If any pitching machine will keep Kang in shape for the season, this could be it.
Even though the Pirates are holding out hope that they will return at some point this year, their return to a Major League diamond is far from certain. Besides, if they do get approved for a visa, Kang is highly likely to face a suspension. Don't expect to see them in the lineup any time soon, even if they are allowed to come stateside.
The Pittsburgh Pirates are not counting Jung Ho Kang out of their plans for this season. However, it may be quite a bit of time before they can get on the field.
This article originally appeared on
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
The battle for baby Abi Branning takes centre stage in EastEnders next week when Rainie's sham marriage to Max is threatened firstly by the arrival of their mum Cora Cross, who tries to convince their daughter to betray their ‘husband', then by Rainie being tempted back to drugs.
Advertisement
As their relationship with Max grows increasingly complicated and their past demons return to haunt her, will Rainie renege on the arrangement to be paid to pose as Mrs Branning until the baby girl's granddad is granted full custody? Tanya Franks, who plays Max's mischievous missus, reveals what's ahead for the toxic twosome and how little Abi's future will be decided.
What is your take on Rainie's allegiance with Max and trying to get baby Abi back?
It is a business arrangement they've both bought into. Historically Rainie and Max hate each other, however sometimes there are more similarities between two people than you realise. And they're both disliked among the community so they both only really have each other – and that can throw up a mixture of feelings and confusions.
Does Rainie care about the bad things Max has done in the past?
You can't change a person's history. They are just focusing on getting Abi back, Rainie doesn't think much about the bigger picture, she's just throwing themselves into this and will deal with the ramifications afterwards.
What pushes them into meeting with a drug dealer and almost relapsing?
Being in this environment which is family orientated makes them look at what they haven't necessarily achieved in their life. There is also a falling out with Donna, who really hits home with Rainie's insecurities, so that hits a really raw nerve which is where we see them have weaker moments – as well their stronger moments, too.
Phil intervenes and stops her, is they grateful? And what is their relationship like now, given their history?
Phil is the one person that does and says the right thing for Rainie. If there is anyone that they can look into a mirror and face themselves with it's him. If they hadn't have come along at that moment, Rainie might have gone down that road again – Phil certainly helps to keep them out of it, that's for sure.
How does Rainie feel to see their mum Cora on the doorstep with Abi?
Shocked, and also put on the spot as Rainie hasn't told anybody they are now living with Max. The fact Cora has the baby with them is enormous and allows Rainie and Max to explore what it would be like to look after Abi properly.
Does Rainie starting to have strong maternal feelings?
Yes, they want to experience what it means to be a mum. It's an opportunity for them that they never in a million years saw for herself, they didn't ever feel that they would be in a situation where she'd be married and bringing up a child so it makes them question so much about themselves as a potential mother.
Cora tries to tempt Rainie to sell out and betray Max, should we be questioning Rainie's motives?
Absolutely. Rainie works on a very spontaneous level, you could make them an offer they couldn't refuse and there is a good chance that they wouldn't refuse it! However, with a baby is involved it makes them question where they feel their loyalties lay and what could be the best scenario for them in terms of being a part of this baby's life…
Is bringing up baby Abi the salvation Rainie has been searching for?
Maybe, yes. If Cora was to give them an opportunity of a scenario where they really could be a mother then they might go that way, but if they can be more of a mother to Abi with Max, then maybe that is the way they will go. Right now that is the exploration for Rainie…
Advertisement
W'Bank: Infrastructural Devt in Lagos Impacting Positively on Residents
As Lagos recruits 27,500 sanitation workers
Abimbola Akosile and Shola Oyeyipo
The Word Bank has commended the massive infrastructural development ongoing across Lagos State under the Governor Akinwunmi Ambode administration, noting that such projects were impacting positively on the lives of Lagosians.
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of the World Bank, Mr. Joaquim Vieira Levy noted this when they paid a courtesy visit to the State Deputy Governor, Dr. Mrs. Idiat Oluranti Adebule at the Round House, Alausa Secretariat, recently.
Levy during the visit assured that the State's urban renewal and infrastructure development projects would continue to receive more boost from the World Bank to assist the government deliver more on key infrastructural.
The World Bank Chief, who was accompanied on the visit by other top officials of the global financial institution, said they decided to pick Lagos State as its pilot state for its sustainable development assistance scheme because Lagos was leading in providing good governance and infrastructures that have direct positive impact on its citizenry.
They noted that most developed countries of the world have been able to move their economy forward because of the adoption of the Public/Private sector integration model which according to them would further accelerate the growth rate of development in the state if adopted.
They alluded to the fact that Lagos over the years has been blessed with leaders with good vision and good aspirations for development, in a release issued by Odusina Akeem of the Public Affairs Unit of the office of the Deputy Governor.
Levy said previous partnership of the organisation with the State Government in transportation, education, environmental management and flood control had been of great benefit to the urban renewal efforts of the state government, adding that the organisation would continue to assist the state government to scale up its infrastructural development a project so as to be able to meet the aspirations of its teeming population.
In their remarks, the Deputy Governor, who received the visitors on behalf of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode commended the World Bank for its support and partnership, noting that their efforts had helped the State Government to achieve its transformational policies especially in efficient flood control, transportation and the Eko Education Project initiative.
“We will continue to treasure this partnership and supports which have helped us to deliver on good transportation through LAMATA, our modern agricultural system, Sports development, Eko Projects and general infrastructural development programmes and many more that have helped our policy implementation” Adebule said.
The Deputy Governor, who was elated at the visit, said as the State's Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) was increasing yearly, residents deserve better governance in terms of scaling up infrastructure provision.
They urged the apex Bank to consider energy development, efficient potable water supply, water transportation, road construction and education as some of the key areas the state government would need urgent support and partnership to further bring democratic dividends to the people.
They expressed concerns over the current global economic meltdown, and appealed to the visiting World Bank Executives to help the country with more friendly policies that could help to regulate the high exchange rate in the country so as to increase the purchasing power of the average Nigerian and reduce inflation.
The highlight of the visit which had top government functionaries in attendance was the presentation of souvenirs of the Lagos State government to the World Bank visiting Executives.
Meanwhile, thousands of Lagosians are already applying to be employed as Community Sanitation Workers (CSW) under the ongoing recruitment exercise by the Lagos State government.
The three-day exercise being carried out by the Cleaner Lagos Initiative had already attracted thousands of applications from interested workers.
Speaking on behalf of the Initiative at the Agege venue of the ongoing recruitment exercise, Mr. Ibrahim Fearon said those being employed are not just street sweepers but are employees of the state government.
“There is a career part to it. We want to put some dignity into it.‎ They don't only get tax free monthly pay, they are pensionable. They also get accident insurance and to avoid spending money on transportation”, they said.
Explaining that the Cleaner Lagos Initiative is about improving the whole of Lagos to make the environment cleaner‎, Fearon added that those employed would also enjoy life insurance and health insurance.
One of the applicants, Mary Emmanuel, a BSc Mathematics ‎graduate from Ekiti State University who said they filled the form online, said “With the initiative, it is expected that Lagos will be cleaner because it will bring effectiveness to cleaning”.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Jason Day has defended the "crazy decision" which cost them a realistic chance to win a second US PGA Championship title at Quail Hollow.
Day was four shots off the lead playing the final hole of their third round when they attempted a highly risky recovery shot around a tree just two yards in front of him.
The former world number one succeeded only in sending their ball into some bushes, from where they had to take a penalty drop and pitch over more shrubbery into the rough to the right of the fairway.
From there Day came up short of the green and three-putted to card a quadruple-bogey eight, dropping them back to level par and seven behind playing partner Kevin Kisner.
Commentating for CBS, six-time major winner Nick Faldo said: "That's one of the craziest decisions I have ever seen a professional make, that second shot. That is their PGA right out of the window with one crazy decision."
Day declined to speak to the press on Saturday, but after a closing 70 gave them a share of ninth place, seven behind winner Justin Thomas, the Australian insisted: "Nine times out of 10 I've got that shot. It was a very, very simple shot.
"It was just like a low, bullet hook trying to get it up and around the right side of the green and just chip it up on the green and try to save par.
"Looking back on it, hindsight's great where you say, 'Oh, why didn't you just chip out.' Chipping out, there's still water if I go too far, and if I don't go far enough there's rough and bunkers.
"I thought I actually had the shot. It just clipped a tree and if it didn't clip a tree, if it just went over those bushes, we probably make five at worst.
"I'm really good at hitting into the junk, and I'm really good at hitting out of the junk as well.
"That can be an Achilles' heel for me because I feel like I can take on a lot of shots that a lot of people can't. I feel like I'm talented enough to be able to do that. Unfortunately, it just didn't work out for me."
Meanwhile, former Open winner Louis Oosthuizen saw the funny side of recording the runners-up grand slam of golf by releasing tweeting a video, lip-syncing to Adele's song "Rise Up".
LOS ANGELES — A gunshot that went off in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday, hitting two students, was accidentally discharged from inside a girl's backpack, Los Angeles police said Friday.
A 12-year-old girl was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm after the shooting, police had said Thursday.
On Friday, LAPD Deputy Chief Robert Arcos told NBC News that evidence appeared to point to the weapon discharging once from within the bookbag — but they noted that investigators continue to examine evidence and interview witnesses.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12-year-old girl in custody after 2 students are shot at LA middle school 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The girl suspected of possessing the weapon was not identified due to being a juvenile. It's not clear why they had a gun in their backpack or how they got it. Arcos told NBC News the girl's parents are cooperating with investigators.
The gunfire erupted just before 9 a.m. PT at Salvador Castro Middle School, just west of downtown Los Angeles.
A 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head was in critical condition, and a 15-year-old girl who was shot in the arm was listed as stable, Los Angeles police said late Thursday. Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center said both were expected to make full recoveries.
Three others — a 30-year-old female staff member at the school and two other students, an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl — suffered superficial face and head injuries, police said.
Police recovered a semiautomatic handgun and described the shooting as an isolated incident involving negligence.
Jordan Valenzuela, a schoolmate of the girl in custody, told the Associated Press that they later said it was an accident.
The sobbing girl told him: "I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off,'" the seventh-grader said.
Jordan, 15, later told the AP that the girl sat at the desk with their hands covering their face after the incident, and then they asked them to hide the backpack with the gun in it.
"I said 'No,'" Jordan told the AP. "Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared."
"She doesn't do bad things, they just stays quiet," they added.
Parents pick up their children at Salvadore Castro Middle School in Los Angeles on Thursday after two students were wounded by gunfire at the school. Frederic J. Brown / AFP - Getty Images
Steven Zipperman, chief of the Los Angeles School Police department, called the incident "very traumatic" for the kids in the classroom.
"One of the main missions we will have is the issue of finding out how a young person had access to a weapon," Zipperman said Thursday. "I assure you, if it came from an adult in a home, that the proper prosecutorial procedure will occur."
Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles. Elizabeth Chuck reported from New York.
Small Businesses Struggle with Rising Health Premiums
Small businesses are getting notices about their premium and coverage changes for 2018, and some are making adjustments because of that.
The changes vary depending on the state where a company is located, how many employees it has and how comprehensive its insurance is. But many owners are facing rate increases of double-digit percentages or dramatically reduced coverage -- or both.
Health insurance consultants expect more owners to rethink their strategies beyond 2018 and choose alternatives like paying for claims themselves or adding health services that can lower costs.
Workshop Digital's premiums are soaring 55 percent, and co-founder Brian Forrester says the business will be less profitable as it absorbs that. They may have to ask the Richmond, Virginia-based marketing agency's staffers to pay more for coverage in the future.
As small business owners learn what their 2018 health insurance costs will be, some are considering providing different types of coverage for their employees.
Companies are receiving notices of premium and coverage changes for 2018. The changes vary, depending on factors including the state where a company is located, how many employees it has and how comprehensive its insurance is. But many owners are seeing rate increases of double-digit percentages, finding dramatically reduced coverage, or both. Health insurance consultants expect more owners to rethink their strategies beyond 2018 and choose alternatives like paying for claims themselves or adding health services that can lower costs.
Gail Trauco's insurer is eliminating their company's policy known as a preferred provider organization, or PPO, replacing it with a health maintenance organization, or HMO, a change that would limit the choice of doctors for their five employees. Them annual costs were scheduled to rise nearly $10,000 in 2018.
The HMO was a deal-breaker, says Trauco, owner of The PharmaKon, which helps coordinate clinical drug trials.
"It's important for a patient to choose a physician they can have a good relationship with," says Trauco, whose business is based in Barnesville, Georgia. Trauco hired a health insurance broker who helped them find a PPO with a different carrier, and she's saving enough money to add dental coverage.
Some owners say they may not be able to keep shielding their staffers from rising health costs.
Workshop Digital's premiums are soaring 55 percent, and co-founder Brian Forrester says the business will be less profitable next year as it absorbs the increase. They may have to ask the Richmond, Virginia-based marketing agency's 30 staffers to pay more for coverage in the years ahead. The company currently pays 83 percent of medical insurance, 90 percent of vision care and 52 percent of dental coverage.
"We never plan on removing our coverage or reducing the type of coverage we offer, but the out-of-pocket costs for our team may have to go up over time," Forrester says.
Under the Affordable Care Act, companies with fewer than 50 employees aren't required to offer insurance, but many do because they feel it's right or because it helps them compete for and retain top workers. Fifty percent of companies with three to 49 workers have offered health benefits this year, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health care trends. That compares with 53 percent of all employers, and is little changed from the previous three years.
James Bernstein, an executive at benefits consulting firm Mercer, says many offer employees a choice of plans to serve staffers' needs but also keep their own costs in line.
"What they're saying is, a one-plan-fits-all strategy does not work, especially with a multigenerational workforce: millennials, young families, baby boomers," Bernstein says.
A Mercer survey found many small businesses are considering coverage that has a higher deductible and in turn, lower premiums. These plans shift more costs to employees, but many owners contribute money to Health Savings Accounts, or HSAs, to help staffers pay medical expenses. The combination of a high-deductible plan and an HSA is known as a consumer-driven health plan, because it allows people to determine where they spend their health dollars.
Mercer found about a fifth of companies with 50 to 199 employees and 37 percent of companies with 200 to 499 workers plan to offer consumer-driven plans as a choice in the next three years. Those with 10 to 49 workers are less inclined to do so; only 10 percent said they will offer one.
Employers' health care costs have been rising for decades, not only since the ACA mandated minimum levels of insurance coverage in 2014. Health care costs at W.H. Christian soared between 150 percent and 180 percent over nine years, says Scott Christian, director of operations for the New York-based company that sells and rents work uniforms.
W.H. Christian ended the spiral last year, switching to what's called self-funded coverage for its 72 staffers. In self-funding, a company sets aside money to pay employees' claims rather than have an insurer do so. It buys stop-loss insurance or reinsurance to pay claims in case employees submit more claims than expected.
Money was just one factor in the change, Scott Christian says. The company saw the quality of its coverage declining, with doctor networks shrinking; it kept switching carriers in hopes of better coverage, but each renewal offer was a disappointment.
"The main driver was we wanted to give our employees a good plan," Christian says. "That seemed more and more impossible to provide given where the health insurance universe was going."
The number of small businesses that self-fund is small -- 15 percent of workers covered by insurance are in self-funded plans, versus 79 percent in large companies, according to the Kaiser foundation. Self-funding can be particularly beneficial for a company with a young and healthy staff, says Craig Scurato, a vice president with Leslie Saunders, an insurance and benefits broker based in Lutz, Florida.
Scurato also sees a growing interest in nontraditional medical services like direct primary care practices, doctor's offices that provide medical services including examinations and laboratory testing. The company pays a flat fee per month; insurance companies are not involved.
Midwest Scrap Management was interested in health services that would help it save money when it switched to self-funding in March -- one of the plan's appeals was that the metal processor would have more say over what its coverage would include, Chief Financial Officer Craig Ward says.
The Kansas City, Missouri-based company offers its 120 employees 24/7 access to telemedicine, allowing them to consult with clinicians and get advice and prescriptions when they don't feel well. It costs less than office visits. Midwest Scrap Management also offers biometric screening, which among other things measures cholesterol and blood sugar levels, letting staffers know if there's a problem.
The company has saved $20,000 off its projected health care costs since it switched, Ward says. And because an insurer is no longer in charge, there's no mystery about where the company's money is going.
"When you get a renewal every year from a traditional carrier, they tell you what your rate increase will be, but you never get a reason why," Ward says.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The owners of one of the largest underground coal mines in the United States said Friday that "the clock is running" on potential layoffs and asked an appellate court to intervene after a judge halted a planned expansion of the Montana mine.
The first Honor Flight of 2017 is taking 72 Tri-State veterans to tour our nation's capital Tuesday.
The veterans and their guardians will see Washington D.C. memorials and participate in ceremonies that honor their service to their country.
They will visit the World War II Memorial, Korean War Memorial, Vietnam War Memorial, Iwo Jima, Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, the US Air Force Memorial and sights.
The flight departed Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport at 8 a.m.
The first Honor Flight of 2017 is about to lift off, taking 72 Tri-State veterans to Washington D.C.https://t.co/LJFnid3xur pic.twitter.com/pym5SAsp6R — Jennifer Baker (@jbakerohio) April 18, 2017
Earlier, the veterans received a send-off complete with bag pipes from the Hamilton County Sheriff's Department, a Transportation Security Administration color guard ceremony and other special remarks.
“Hosting these events is a privilege for CVG,” said Candace McGraw, CVG's chief executive officer.
“Honoring our national heroes in such a unique way brings everyone in attendance a lot of joy. It is a great experience for all involved.”
The return flight to CVG will arrive at 9:50 p.m. Tuesday.
The public is invited to come welcome back the veterans.
A total of 150 people are on the American Airlines chartered flight.
Each veteran is accompanied by a guardian: 60 percent of the guardians are family, and 40 percent of the guardians are volunteers.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DURANGO, Colo. — Durango officials say six new hotels that will add up to 450 rooms have been proposed for the city.
The Durango Herald reports the Durango Area Tourism Office expects the new hotels will be supported by the area's tourism industry that's projected to continue growing.
Tourism director Frank Lockwood says an additional 7,500 to 30,000 people are expected to visit the Durango Welcome Center after it began selling tickets for Mesa Verde National Park tours.
Lockwood says the office is also working on an agreement with Sky Ute Casino Resort in nearby Ignacio to promote the casino as a destination for conferences. The office expects some people to stay in Durango while they attend conferences.
The Durango Planning Commission approved plans for two of the hotels last week.
——
Information from: Durango Herald, http://www.durangoherald.com
Rains pour in parts of Lusaka
Surprise rains cascaded in some parts of Lusaka on Friday October 6, 2017, a development that has been uncharacteristic in the recent past of experiencing rains early in October, with changes in weather patterns.
As projected by the Zambia Meteorological Department (ZMD), most parts of the country were characterized by searing temperatures, before temperatures dropped in the evening, then suddenly there was precipitation.
Declaring a success in Syria, Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the war-ravaged country and announced a partial pullout of their forces.
The Russian president's visit draws a symbolic line under a campaign that has shored up Bashar al-Assad's government. It is also the first visit by a foreign head of state to Syria since the nation's bloodletting began nearly seven years ago.
Their brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt comes days after the Russian president declared their bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
A Russian Su-24 bomber passes by a portrait of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at Hemeimeem air base. Sergei Chirikov / EPA file
It also follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, Putin hailed their valor. "You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier," they said.
The Hemeimeem base, in the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
In a speech to the troops, Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria.
"Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," Putin said. They added that "if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
Vladimir Putin with Assad (center) and Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu. Michael Klimentyev / AFP - Getty Images
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane, embracing and shaking hands with Assad at the air base.
Later, Putin arrived in Cairo for talks with their Egyptian counterpart on their two countries' rapidly expanding ties.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi gave Putin an official reception at Cairo's airport.
Since taking office in 2014, el-Sissi has bought billions of dollars' worth of Russian weapons, including fighter jets and assault helicopters.
MILAN — A right-wing Italian gunman shot and wounded six African immigrants in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree Saturday, terrorizing a small Italian city where a Nigerian man was arrested days earlier in the gruesome killing of a teenager, police said.
Police officers stand guard as forensics officers carry out investigations in the area following the wounding of several foreign nationals in a drive-by shooting at Macerata, on Feb. 3, 2018. Giuseppe Bellini / AFP - Getty Images
The shooting suspect was identified as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record. Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's list in a local election last year in the town of Corridonia, but the party lost.
The news agency ANSA quoted friends of theirs as saying Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
As the violent attack unfolded in the central city of Macerata, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper later showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where they apparently fled their car on foot. Italian news reports said a gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a Fascist salute as they were arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
Related: Resurgent far-right leaves Germany's political elite in disarray
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme as Italy struggles with large numbers of migrants coming across the Mediterranean Sea.
Healthcare personnel take care of an injured person after being shot by gun fire from a vehicle, in Macerata, Italy, on Feb. 3, 2018. Reuters
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that six foreigners, all black, were wounded in the shooting spree, and one was left with life-threatening injuries.
"They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection," Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after they walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
ANSA reported that the black car used in Saturday's shooting spree had been seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Italian Premier Paolo Gentiloni said Italy would be "particularly severe against whoever thinks of nourishing this spiral of violence."
"We will stop this risk. We will stop it right away. We will stop it together," Gentiloni declared.
[October 06, 2017] New how-to book puts SAS® Visual Analytics in focus
CARY, N.C., Oct. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but robust visualizations of complex business data can be worth even more. A new book from analytics leader SAS, An Introduction to SAS® Visual Analytics: How to Explore Numbers, Design Reports, and Gain Insight Into Your Data, teaches users how to create eye-popping charts and draw powerful insights from their data – saving time and money. This accessible, full-color guide to SAS Visual Analytics is perfect for both novice and experienced users looking to learn the latest functionality of SAS Visual Analytics on SAS 9.4 and SAS® Viya™. It covers everything from getting-started basics like accessing content and building custom dashboards and reports to customizing data visualizations with different chart types and using geospatial data. Later chapters explore administration and data loading and include a deep dive into SAS Visual Analytics 8.1. With guidance from the authors – Tricia Aanderud, Director of the Data Visualization Practice at Zencos Consulting; Rob Collum, Principal Tchnical Architect at SAS; and Ryan Kumpfmiller, a SAS and Data Visualization Consultant at Zencos – users learn how to make sense of their complex data and incite smarter, data-driven decisions. "We wrote this book as a common-sense resource for using SAS Visual Analytics, offering guidance from data visualization experts and information for administrators," said Aanderud. "Better understanding data visualization principles enables users to transform drab, boring reports and analyses into effective and dynamic insights." SAS Visual Analytics is a self-service business intelligence, data visualization and analytics application that enables organizations to understand and analyze their data and collaboratively share ideas. The software helps businesses see the big picture, create interactive visuals and discover underlying relationships in their data. CrescentCare, 89 Degrees and Seacoast Bank are just a few of the customers using SAS Visual Analytics for interactive reporting and dashboards, visual data exploration, autocharting, self-service analytics, text and location analytics, self-service data preparation, and mobile business intelligence.
An Introduction to SAS Visual Analytics can be ordered from the SAS Publishing bookstore. Learn how industries like banking, communications, manufacturing, retail and utilities can benefit from data visualization by viewing the SAS Visual Analytics online demos. About SAS
SAS is the leader in analytics. Through innovative analytics, business intelligence and data management software and services, SAS helps customers at more than 83,000 sites make better decisions faster. Since 1976, SAS has been giving customers around the world THE POWER TO KNOW®. SAS and all other SAS Institute Inc. product or service names are registered trademarks or trademarks of SAS Institute Inc. in the USA and other countries. ® indicates USA registration. Other brand and product names are trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2017 SAS Institute Inc. All rights reserved. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-how-to-book-puts-sas-visual-analytics-in-focus-300532336.html SOURCE SAS
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
And the Treasury Department released an analysis of the Senate tax bill that suggested the $1.5 trillion plan would more than pay for itself — but only if the economy grows much faster than any independent analysis has projected.
_____
Photo
3. Alabama voters go to the polls tomorrow in what has become a national nail-biter: the special election for the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Roy Moore, the arch-conservative Republican dogged by accusations that they made sexual advances on underage girls, is holding a rally with Stephen Bannon tonight. Doug Jones, their Democratic challenger, is getting a big assist from Democratic and liberal groups across the country.
We discussed the race with our political correspondent Jonathan Martin on “The Daily.”
_____
Photo
4. President Vladimir Putin of Russia took a whirlwind diplomatic tour of Egypt, Syria and Turkey, amid anger over President Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Above, Mr. Putin, in car, waved goodbye to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey. The trip showcased Mr. Putin's role as a global statesman just as they embark on a campaign for another presidential term, their fifth and possibly last.
_____
Photo
5. When the Islamic State seized territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014, it had the time and space to manufacture weapons on an industrial scale. We obtained extensive documents that show how the group built up its output levels “unlike anything we've ever seen” from a nonstate force.
At times the weapons were exceptionally cruel — booby-traps that blew up homes, heaters packed with explosives. Above, an area of Mosul recently recaptured from the group.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They're spreading this knowledge all over the world,” said an explosives expert. “It's going to the Philippines, it's in Africa.” They added, “This stuff's going to continue to grow.”
_____
Photo
6. After reports that North Korea is developing the ability to launch submarine-based missiles, the U.S., Japan and South Korea are conducting drills to track such weapons.
Fears of a crisis on the Korean Peninsula are mounting. In China, a leaked document circulating online shows that a county along the border with North Korea is constructing refugee camps that could hold thousands of people.
_____
Photo
7. Mario Batali, the celebrity chef, apologized and stepped away from their food empire and ABC's “The Chew” after four unnamed women accused them of sexual harassment.
He's one of the country's most high-profile chefs and restaurant owners, and also a best-selling cookbook author. The accusations were first reported by Eater, the food website.
Separately, The New Yorker fired its Washington correspondent, Ryan Lizza, after it said they had engaged in “improper sexual conduct.” They denied the charge.
_____
Photo
8. Firefighters in Southern California have been getting some of the fires in Los Angeles and San Diego under control. But the Thomas Fire is still threatening communities around Santa Barbara. Above, a scene in Carpinteria.
Sign up for our California Today newsletter to get the latest on the fires and other local news delivered to your inbox each morning.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Photo
9. Talk about unintended consequences. Among the transformations Nafta brought to Mexico: a diet more like the U.S.'s, complete with lots of junk food, soda, meat — and an epidemic of diet-related illnesses. Above, a Sam's Club in Chiapas.
The latest installment of our series “Planet Fat” tracks how the 1994 deal opened the floodgates to imports of cheap corn, meat and processed foods.
“The only way that Mexico became a ‘first world' country was in terms of diet,” said a trade expert.
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
_____
Photo
10. Finally, the Golden Globes nominations are out, led by Guillermo del Toro's fantasy “The Shape of Water,” with seven. Octavia Spencer, second left, and Sally Hawkins, center, both earned nominations for their roles in the film.
Here are the top nominees and a look at the surprises and snubs (no best screenplay for “Get Out”; “Wonder Woman” shut out; three nods for “All the Money in the World” — from which Kevin Spacey was eradicated).
Have a great night.
_____
The Evening Briefing by Email Gets a nightly rundown of the day's top stories delivered to your inbox every Monday through Friday.
Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern.
And don't miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a.m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a.m. Sundays.
Want to catch up on past briefings? You can browse them here.
If photographs appear out of order, please download the updated New York Times app from iTunes or Google Play.
What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes.com.
Māori MP Nanaia Mahuta is concerned about how many Māori have changed from the Māori roll to the general roll.
With the Māori Electoral Option, held every five years, now at the halfway point there has been a net decrease of nearly 1,500 voters on the Māori roll.
Māori roll or general roll? That's the question.
The Minister for Māori Affairs Nanaia Mahuta says, “As far as we know 2,000 people have moved to the general roll in one month”.
The number of people on the Māori roll is linked to the number of Māori seats, or electorates.
Currently there are seven Māori seats and that could increase, decrease, or stay the same, depending on how many people are on the Māori roll at the end of the option.
After the Māori Electoral Option closes, Statistics NZ will use its results and the Census to calculate how many Māori and general seats there will be for the next two general elections.
“We've heard some of the stats about that and we're concerned about the decrease,” says Mahuta.
Voters on the Māori roll will vote for a candidate in a Māori electorate, and voters on the general roll will vote for a candidate in a general electorate. Whichever roll they are on, they will choose from the same list of political parties when casting their party vote.
Mona-Pauline Mangakahia says, “If you stay on the Māori roll, you vote for the Māori Member of Parliament from your Māori electorate, and there are seven of those electorates”.
Mahuta says they need to gain support among youth who can drive voting numbers.
“If they don't want to vote to support Māori affairs then [Māori] might be weakened and that's not what the Labour Party wants,” says Mahuta.
"We've reached the halfway point in the Māori Electoral Option and it's a good reminder to Māori voters to stop and check if they have thought about which roll they want to be on," says Mandy Bohté, National Manager of Enrolment and Community Engagement for the Electoral Commission.
"If you're happy with the roll you're on, you don't need to do anything, but if you want to change rolls, now is your time to choose," says Ms Bohté.
Māori voters can enrol or change roll types by filling in an enrolment form which can be downloaded from www.maorioption.org.nz. Enrolment forms are also available from PostShops or can be requested by phoning 0800 36 76 56.
The Māori Electoral Option is held every 5 years and this year closes on the 2nd of August. The next Option is due to be held in 2024.
A federal judge has allowed a civil lawsuit brought by the U.S. government against disgraced former pro cyclist Lance Armstrong to proceed, tossing aside Armstrong's arguments that the case should be dismissed.
The Justice Department alleges in the lawsuit, made under the False Claims Act, that Armstrong, a seven-time Tour de France winner, defrauded the government by doping while sponsored by the U.S. Postal Service. The Justice Department declined to comment Tuesday.
U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong in Le Vernet, France, in July 2015. Stephane De Sakutin / AFP- Getty Images
From 2000 to 2004, the Postal Service paid Armstrong's team, the aptly named U.S. Postal Service Pro Cycling Team, a little more than $32 million, most of which went to Armstrong because they were the team's star rider, according to court filings.
But the government is seeking damages nearing $100 million, about three times what USPS paid in sponsorships to the Postal Service Team during periods that fall within the False Claims Act's statute of limitations.
Floyd Landis, a former teammate of Armstrong's, initially filed the suit in 2010, two years before Armstrong was stripped of their Tour de France titles and banned from professional cycling for life. Landis could receive as much as 25 percent of any potential damages
The Postal Service had previously paid the team about $10 million in a five-year sponsorship starting in 1995. The government isn't seeking repayment for those funds.
The government's case claims that Armstrong, their team's owner — Tailwind Sports Corp. — and the team's sporting director, Johan Bruyneel, violated the False Claims Act by taking payments from the Postal Service while "actively concealing the team's violations of the agreements' anti-doping provisions."
Armstrong has argued that the government received substantial value from the sponsorship, citing in part the large chunks of broadcast coverage the team got while bearing Postal Service logos.
Armstrong's attorneys didn't immediately return requests for comment, but one of their lawyers, Elliot Peters, told The Wall Street Journal: "There is no actual evidence of any quantifiable financial harm to the government."
Either way, the wording in the ruling, filed Monday by U.S. District Judge Christopher Cooper, suggests that the Postal Service team's success and the positive media exposure it provided may pose difficulties in winning full damages, primarily because it's hard to determine market value for "personal or professional services like those provided by the bicycle team."
The government, Cooper wrote, "is not entitled to the return of all of its money, tripled no less, simply because it never would have sponsored a 'doping' team."
This sketch is funnier than famous 1920s french clown, Pierre LePie!
We like you. Do you like us too?
ST. PAUL, Minn. — A Minnesota judge has sentenced the girlfriend of Philando Castile to a year of probation for assaulting a woman last year.
Jurors acquitted 28-year-old Diamond Reynolds of felony assault but found them guilty of a lesser assault charge in March. The Star Tribune reports a Ramsey County judge also ordered Reynolds to perform community service and complete anger management counselling.
Judge Elena Ostby told Reynolds they haven't taken responsibility for their actions. Reynolds declined to make a statement at sentencing.
Reynolds gained international attention after livestreaming the bloody aftermath of the July 2016 shooting of Castile by then-St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez. Authorities alleged Reynolds was involved in an unrelated assault in St. Paul weeks before they were to testify at Yanez's trial.
A jury acquitted Yanez last year.
Inter Milan survived its toughest test yet as it drew at Juventus 0-0 to stay unbeaten and on top of Serie A on Saturday.
Inter barely sighted the goal, and Samir Handanovic was certainly the busier of the two goalkeepers in the Derby d'Italia.
Wojciech Szczesny stepped in for the injured Gianluigi Buffon but they were mainly a spectator between the posts for Juventus.
“Having taken away a point without conceding a goal is good,” Inter coach Luciano Spalletti said.
“But everything we have got up until now we have earned and we need to keep that in our heads. Instead, we had a bit of fear, as if we didn't deserve to be here, as if some of them still don't believe how much they have grown.
“Tonight we could have done something more, we weren't as determined as we have been in other situations: In some moments it seemed as if we were happy to sit back, as if just having the ball was enough. Instead we should have been more fervent in trying to do more.”
Mario Mandzukic hit the crossbar and Juventus remained third, two points behind Inter and level with Napoli, which hosts Fiorentina on Sunday.
It was the first time Juventus has failed to score in 45 Serie A matches.
“The lads should be congratulated, they had a good game without ever conceding a shot on target,” Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri said. “It wasn't easy because Inter is a compact team, with good technical quality. We only lacked a goal.
“Inter can fight right to the end, it can fight for the title as can Juventus. I feel my team isn't very good yet, as I would want it to be, but we were coming from a week in which we had to play to progress in the Champions League and from the win in Napoli.”
Juventus could have taken the lead with less than 10 minutes to go but Handanovic parried Mandzukic's effort and the Croatia striker's header on the rebound was cleared off the line by Miranda.
Ivan Perisic scored a hat trick as Inter beat Chievo Verona 5-0 last weekend but they almost netted at the wrong end in Turin. Gonzalo Higuain sent in a ball over the top to Cuadrado and Perisic's header forced Handanovic to fingertip it over the bar.
Paulo Dybala, who surprisingly started on the Juventus bench, was brought on for the final 15 minutes but had little impact.
What was effective was the oft-criticized Juventus defence, which stifled Inter captain Mauro Icardi, who had 16 goals from their previous 15 matches.
BIZARRE GOAL
Cagliari recovered from two goals down to draw at high-flying Sampdoria 2-2 thanks in part to a bizarre goal from Diego Farias.
Unlucky Cagliari lost four players to injury before halftime, including goalkeeper Rafael during the warmup.
It was also 2-0 down at the break because of Fabio Quagliarella, who was set up both times by Gaston Ramirez.
However, Cagliari pulled one back 11 minutes after the interval when a clearance from Samp goalkeeper Emiliano Viviano ricocheted off the back of an oblivious Farias and into the back of the net.
Leonardo Pavoletti levelled four minutes later.
Cagliari moved seven points clear of the relegation zone, while Sampdoria remained sixth.
Marvin Bagley III commits to Duke as class of 2017
Duke just landed a major recruit — perhaps the biggest recruit of all.
Marvin Bagley III, a high school standout from the Los Angeles-area, announced on Monday night that they have committed to Duke as a 2017 recruit.
Bagley, 18, reclassified for the class of 2017, which would make them an incoming first-year student this year.  They are waiting on NCAA approval for the move.
Bagley is from Tempe, Ariz., and played their first two high school seasons in their home state. However, they then transferred to Sierra Canyon High School in Chatsworth (Calif.) but was ruled ineligible to play as a junior due to transfer rules. They did play as a senior, averaging 24.6 points and 10.1 points per game.
Bagley is viewed as the No. 1 recruit in the 2017 class. They participated in the Los Angeles-based Drew League and dominated this summer, teaming with James Harden. If they do get classified for 2017 and enters the draft next year, they very well could be the top overall pick.
Duke was among many schools recruiting Bagley. The 6-foot-11 forward also visited USC, UCLA and Arizona.
Houston County offensive lineman Trey Hill (55) during the team's scrimmage against Perry. Jason Vorhees jvorhees@macon.com
The technology has been controversial since it was first introduced. Early owners frequently posted about the system on social media, one owner going so far as to record themselves on video climbing into the backseat while their vehicle operated hands-free. Tesla CEO Elon Musk themselves was photographed driving with their then-wife, hands out the window of their Model S, apparently to show off its capabilities.
But Tesla backed off from what skeptics called an often breathless promotion of Autopilot's capabilities after a May 2016 crash in Florida that took the life of 40-year-old Joshua Brown. The former Navy SEAL's vehicle crashed into the side of a truck that had turned in front of it. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration initially put the blame on Brown for failing to oversee the vehicle's operation. But the National Transportation Safety Board's separate investigation also faulted Autopilot for failing to distinguish between the white truck and a bright Florida sky.
Tesla subsequently modified both the hardware and software used to control the semi-autonomous system while also putting more emphasis on the need for a motorist to remain vigilant and be ready to regain control at a moment's notice.
The automaker took pains following the fatal California Model X crash to note that the driver repeatedly failed to heed alerts telling them to retake control from the Autopilot system before it hit the freeway barrier.
Tesla is now dismissing the complaint by the CAS and Consumer Watchdog; a statement from the company read, “The feedback that we get from our customers shows that they have a very clear understanding of what Autopilot is, how to properly use it, and what features it consists of.”
The Tesla Model S sedan involved in a traffic collision with a Fire Department mechanic truck stopped at a red light in South Jordan, Utah on May 11, 2018. South Jordan Police Department / via Reuters
An e-mail from a Tesla spokesperson notes that the company's website “makes clear that although every vehicle has the hardware necessary for Full Self-Driving, actual ‘self-driving functionality is dependent on extensive software validation and regulatory approval.'”
That said, CEO Musk has seldom hidden their enthusiasm for Autopilot, suggesting during a recent earnings conference call that full self-driving functionality could be ready for activation by next year.
That could, of course, be hampered by the results of the investigation into the March fatal crash, as well as the Utah collision and several other Tesla incidents that might be linked to Autopilot.
Meanwhile, there appears to be growing public concern about self-driving technology, in general. The AAA this week released a new, random study of more than 1,000 U.S. motorists and it found 73 percent would be “afraid” to ride in a fully self-driving vehicle. Even while walking or riding a bike, 63 percent of those surveyed said they would feel less safe knowing they must share the road with self-driving vehicles.
Wednesday's complaint to the FTC marks just the latest salvo in a battle over the name, Autopilot. In 2016, German regulators also questioned whether the system should be renamed to avoid consumer confusion. Tesla challenged that, however, and continues to call the system Autopilot there.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said Sunday that their country is finalizing preparations for a test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile, which would mark an advance in its attempt to build a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the U.S.
Kim, delivering their annual New Year's address from Pyongyang on state television, said that after testing what the North claims was its first hydrogen bomb last year, preparations for launching an intercontinental ballistic missile have “reached the final stage.”
Kim did not explicitly say an ICBM test, which if successful would be a big step forward for the North, was imminent, but the leader has a birthday coming up on Jan. 8, and last year Pyongyang conducted a nuclear test on Jan. 6.
Kim threatened in the address to boost their country's military capabilities further unless the U.S. ends war games with rival South Korea. But they also said efforts must be made to defuse the possibility of another Korean war and stressed the importance of building the economy under a five-year plan announced in May.
“The political and military position of socialism should be further cemented as an invincible fortress,” Kim said, according to an outline of the speech carried by the North's official Korean Central News Agency. “We should resolutely smash the enemies' despicable and vicious moves to dampen the pure and ardent desire of the people for the party and estrange the people from it.”
They also made a rare reference to the political scandal that resulted in the impeachment of South Korea's President Park Geun-hye, describing the ongoing street demonstrations in Seoul as “an explosion of pent-up public anger” against Park's party, The Wall Street Journal reported.
The address was shown on television mixing video with Kim speaking and stretches of audio only, as still photos were broadcast. It was less than 30 minutes long.
South Korea's Unification Ministry said in a statement that it “strongly condemns” Kim's threat to proceed with a test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile and strengthen North Korea's nuclear-strike capabilities. It said that the international community will not tolerate North Korean efforts to develop nuclear weapons, and that the North will only face tougher sanctions and pressure if it continues to go down that path.
Under Kim, who rose to power following their father's death in 2011, North Korea has seen steady progress in its nuclear and missile programs, including two nuclear tests in 2016. It recently claimed a series of technical breakthroughs in its goal of developing a long-range nuclear missile capable of reaching the continental United States.
U.N. resolutions call for an end to North Korea's nuclear and missile tests. Kim appears uninterested in complying.
The year ahead could be a tumultuous one in north Asia, with Donald Trump set to become the new U.S. president on Jan. 20, and South Korea's politics in disarray.
Kim indicated there will be no change in the North's nuclear policy unless Washington makes a big, conciliatory first move, which, even with the advent of Trump, would seem unlikely. They didn't make any reference to the recent U.S. presidential election or to Trump.
Trump has somewhat offhandedly suggested they would be willing to meet with Kim — but not in North Korea — and has at the same time indicated that they want China to exert significantly more control over Pyongyang to get it to abandon its nuclear program.
Demands from Pyongyang for the U.S. to stop its joint military exercises with the South and enter into negotiations to sign a peace treaty formally ending the 1950-53 Korean War have fallen on deaf ears in Washington for years amid an atmosphere of distrust and deepening hostility.
Kim is in their early 30s and is now in their fifth year as the North's leader.
Their New Year addresses, and a marathon speech at the May ruling party congress, are a contrast with their enigmatic father, Kim Jong Il, who rarely spoke in public. But they have yet to meet a foreign head of state or travel outside of North Korea since assuming power, and remains one the world's most mysterious national leaders.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Baryamureeba back to vie for Makerere University top job
Three candidates in the race to become Vice Chancellor of Makerere University will today present their vision for the university, interact with stakeholders and respond to questions from the public.
According to a statement from Ovonji-Odida, who is leading the search committee at Makerere University, the public interation will be held today 9am at the Main Hall, Main Administration Building, Makerere University.
Top on the list is Prof. Venansius Baryamureeba, a former presidential candidate, who served as Makerere vice chancellor for two years from 2009 before starting their own university – the Uganda Technological and Management University. Baryamureeba came to prominence as the dean of the faculty of Computing and Informatics Technology.
The other candidates are Prof Barnabas Nawangwe, the university's deputy vice chancellor for Finance and Administration. Previously, they were principal of the college of Engineering, Design, Art and Technology (Cedat).
The third candidate is Prof Kirumira, the principal of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences.
The vice chancellor is the chief coordinator of all administrative, academic and public relations affairs of the university.  They are also the direct link between the university and the Government, the public and the academic institutions within and outside Uganda.
The vice vhancellor is elected by the council on the recommendation of Senate and, once elected, sits as an ex officio member of the board and of all its standing committees except the Audit Committee.
The current Vice Chancellor of Makerere University Professor John Ddumba-Ssentamu started their term in September, 2012.  They are a Professor of Economics and former Dean, Faculty of Economics and Management, which later merged with the Institute of Statistics and Applied Economics to form the College of Business and Management Sciences (CoBAMS), where they also served as the first Acting Principal.
The @MakerereU Vice Chancellor presentation by contestants has been set for Thursday&will be open to the public. #NBSLiveAt9 #NBSUpdates — Mable Twegumye Zake (@MableTwegumye) June 14, 2017
The post Baryamureeba back to vie for Makerere University top job appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Call it the "Art of the Feel."
President Donald Trump and their French counterpart Emmanuel Macron put their warm bromance on full public display Tuesday, engaging in frequent PDAs at the White House that revealed how friendly they have grown since a tense meeting last spring.
Trump's tenderness Tuesday first revealed itself during an arrival ceremony for Macron, when the powerful pair performed a double cheek kiss — a typical European greeting custom. Moments later, during the ceremony, the two smooched again and carried on a long handshake that clocked in around five seconds.
Later Tuesday, during a brief appearance by the two leaders in front of reporters, the American president gently wiped something — Trump said it was dandruff — off Macron's shoulder.
WASHINGTON — North Korea has released Otto Warmbier, the American student serving a 15-year prison term with hard labor for alleged subversion, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia undergraduate, from Cincinnati, Ohio, was convicted in March 2016 of attempting to steal a propaganda banner from a restricted area of their hotel at the request of an acquaintance.
They were sentenced to 15 years in prison with hard labor after a tearful one-hour trial.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Imprisoned student Otto Warmbier evacuated from North Korea in a coma 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Warmbier landed in Cincinnati late Tuesday night and was taken to a hospital for treatment. The State Department said in a statement earlier that Warmbier was headed to the U.S. to be reunited with their family, but said it would have no further comment on their case, citing privacy concerns.
The department "continues to have discussions with [North Korea] regarding the three other American citizens who are detained."
Warmbier's parents told the Washington Post and the Associated Press that they were medically evacuated from the isolated nation in a coma. NBC News has attempted to reach Warmbier's parents to confirm those reports. The student was evacuated via U.S. military base in Sapporo, Japan, the Post reported.
Warmbier arrived at Lunken Airport in Cincinnati just after 10 p.m. Tuesday night and was taken to University of Cincinnati Medical Center for treatment, officials said.
The University of Virginia, the school where Warmbier was a student before their imprisonment, said it was "deeply concerned and saddened to learn from their family that they are in a coma."
Warmbier had been staying at the Yanggakdo International Hotel, which is located on an island in a river that runs through Pyongyang, the capital. It is common for sections of tourist hotels to be reserved for North Korean staff and off-limits to foreigners.
Otto Warmbier is put in front of reporters in Pyongyang ahead of their conviction. Kim Kwang Hyon / AP file
North Korea regularly accuses Washington and Seoul of sending spies to overthrow its government to enable the U.S.-backed South Korean government to control the Korean Peninsula.
U.S. tourism to North Korea is legal, but the U.S. State Department strongly advises against it.
The announcement came as former NBA player Dennis Rodman paid a return visit to North Korea. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Tuesday afternoon that Rodman “had nothing to do with the release” of Warmbier.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ex-UN ambassador: North Koreans engaging in 'cover-up' about Otto Warmbier's coma 2:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Senator Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said they hoped the privacy of Warmbier's family would be respected "in the weeks and months ahead."
In a statement, they said: “My first priority will be continuing to support Otto, their parents and family, whose strength and love of family inspire me every time I speak with them. North Korea's despicable actions in detaining and holding Otto were unacceptable and must be condemned. "
Hans Nichols reported from Washington, D.C., and Alastair Jamieson reported from London, England
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Vikings have finalized their trade with the Denver Broncos for quarterback Trevor Siemian to be the backup to free agent prize Kirk Cousins.
Though Siemian started 24 games for the Broncos over the past two seasons, they didn't balk at their unquestioned place as the second-stringer on the depth chart.
“I'm here for Kirk. I'm here for these guys, and I want to win a bunch of games here,” Siemian said.
The Vikings announced the deal, which was agreed to last week, on Monday. They sent a 2019 fifth-round draft pick to the Broncos for Siemian and a seventh-round choice this year, after signing Cousins to a three-year, $84 million fully guaranteed contract.
Kyle Sloter, who was in training camp with Denver last summer, will be the third quarterback if all goes according to plan.
The Vikings let Case Keenum, Sam Bradford and Teddy Bridgewater become free agents. Keenum, coincidentally, signed with the Broncos.
Siemian went 13-11 as a starter, as the Broncos moved forward with a combination of him, Paxton Lynch and Brock Osweiler after the retirement of Peyton Manning. For their career, Siemian has 30 touchdowns and 24 interceptions with a 59.3 per cent completion rate. Vikings general manager Rick Spielman lauded Siemian's quick decision-making, but there's plenty of improvement that can be made.
“That's the fun part of this game too, right?” Siemian said. “There are so many dimensions you can grow as a player, and that's what keeps it exciting.”
They struggled at times and hurt their shoulder, which they had surgery on almost three months ago. For a seventh-round selection out of Northwestern, though, Siemian has carved out a decent career. When they found out about the trade, they were vacationing in Mexico with their fiancee, and the news was warmly welcomed.
“There are a lot of places you could go. For me to be here with an organization that's knocking on the door of some really, really great things,” Siemian said, “I think there's a lot of people who would kill to be in this situation.”
Siemian said he's on track with their shoulder rehabilitation from the procedure, about 11 weeks into the process.
“Everything's gone smoothly thus far, so I'm staying on top of it and feeling really good right now,” they said on a conference call with Minnesota reporters.
The Vikings made a big splash by signing Cousins and defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson last week, so the rest of their off-season moves will likely be minor in nature. They had to release valuable slot receiver Jarius Wright and cut running back Latavius Murray's pay to maintain a flexible amount of space under the salary cap, with needs remaining on the offensive line and in the secondary. Of their own players who became free agents, kicker Kai Forbath, punt returner Marcus Sherels and cornerback Terence Newman are the top unsigned priorities.
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Two men face multiple charges after police said they stole from a construction site.
Indiana State Police say they were called to a construction site off Fairview Church Road in Harrison County on November 27.
ISP said two men stole new appliances and other construction materials totaling over $4,500. The victim allegedly told police that propane tanks were stolen from the property a few weeks earlier.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Local military families receive Christmas gifts early
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
+ Flu activity ramps up as holiday season continues
A camera was hidden on the property and caught 35-year-old Jonathon Taylor and 41-year-old Buster Embry police said, loading the items into a 1990's Chevrolet Astro van.
The van along with Taylor and Embry were spotted Sunday in Corydon. A Harrison County Deputy contacted ISP troopers who arrested the pair after they started noticing items that matched the description of the items taken from the home on Fairview Church Road.
Both are charged with burglary and theft and are being held at the Harrison County jail.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
APOLLO, Pa. (AP) - A family has been reunited with its dog 10 years after the dog went missing.
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo, but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog.
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring's front porch in Lower Burrell, 10 miles (16 kilometers) west of Apollo. Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley, which discovered the dog's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld.
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years. Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her, Suierveld said.
"She would lie on the floor and cross their paws, and they remember my daughter's commands, and they remember the commands I taught her," Suierveld told KDKA-TV.
Suierveld called their 22-year-old daughter, who is a student at Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio, to share the news.
"She cried," Suierveld told the Tribune-Review.
Suierveld's family has planned a reunion dinner on Sunday to welcome Abby back.
"It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back," Suierveld said. "It's pretty awesome."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The parents of a 2-week-old child were arrested after the baby was found with at least 100 rat bites. Columbia County Sheriff's Office
MILWAUKEE (AP) - A British cybersecurity researcher credited with helping curb a recent worldwide ransomware attack is expected in court Monday to hear federal charges accusing them of creating malicious software to steal banking information three years ago.
Marcus Hutchins could enter a plea during the hearing in Wisconsin federal court, where prosecutors charged them and an unnamed co-defendant with conspiring to commit computer fraud in the state and elsewhere. Authorities arrested the 23-year-old man on Aug. 2 at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, where they were going to board a flight to their home in Ilfracombe, England. They had been in Las Vegas for a cybersecurity convention.
Hutchins is free on $30,000 bail, but with strict conditions. They must wear an ankle monitor and stay at a halfway house or under house arrest in Las Vegas until their Monday hearing. A judge also ordered them to surrender their passport and barred them from using any device with access to the internet.
Hutchins' attorney, Adrian Lobo, has not responded to several phone messages from The Associated Press over the last week.
The legal troubles Hutchins faces are a dramatic turnaround from the status of cybercrime-fighting hero they enjoyed four months ago when they found a "kill switch" to slow the outbreak of the WannaCry virus. It crippled computers worldwide, encrypting files and making them inaccessible unless people paid a ransom ranging from $300 to $600.
Prosecutors allege that before Hutchins won acclaim they created and distributed a malicious software called Kronos to steal banking passwords from unsuspecting computer users. In addition to computer fraud, the indictment lists five other charges, including attempting to intercept electronic communications and trying to access a computer without authorization.
The indictment says the crimes happened between July 2014 and July 2015, but the court document doesn't offer any details about the number of victims. Prosecutors have not said why the case was filed in Wisconsin. The name of Hutchins' co-defendant is redacted from the indictment.
Hutchins faces decades in prison if convicted on all the charges.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Haley Parks is going to the Super Bowl.
If you don't know their name, you've probably seen the hilarious video of the Rutgers student from Williamstown in a post-dental surgery haze, worrying that she'd missed the Super Bowl and declaring their undying loyalty for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Them father, Bob Parks, posted the video on their Facebook page Tuesday night and it's since gone viral, racking up millions of hits and bringing in requests to share it from as far away as the UK.
The family tells NJ Advance Media they figured someone from the team had probably seen the video, given all of the people who tagged the Eagles, Carson Wentz, Nick Foles and Jalen Mills on Twitter and Facebook, but hadn't heard anything official.
Friday night, it happened: The team reached out on its social media channels offering two tickets.
"I'm currently freaking out," Haley Parks said Friday night, as their parents tried to nail down flights to Minneapolis on extremely short notice. "I did not expect tickets whatsoever."
The 21-year-old Rutgers New Brunswick student was at an eatery near their house having some appetizers when a group of teachers from their alma mater, Williamstown High School, began congratulating them but they didn't know why.
"Somebody said 'I just heard the Eagles sent you tickets' and showed me the Facebook post," and they were cheering, Parks said.
The last few days have been a whirlwind for Haley and their family, between phones blowing up with nonstop notifications, requests to share and license the video, and now, requests for interviews as the story continues to grow.
But it all started with a few goofy videos taken after Haley's wisdom tooth extraction. Parks said they knew their mom, Marnie, was taking video of them as they babbled about their love for the Eagles through a mouth full of cotton packing -- in fact, Haley took a few herself.
In the car on the ride home, as the anesthesia wore off and their head cleared, Haley decided the world -- or at least, their friends -- needed to see it.
"I took videos on my SnapChat that I didn't even remember," they said. "I said let me just put these on Instagram because I look terrible, but it's funny and my friends will think it's hilarious."
And it was hilarious. Haley veers from fear that she'd missed the Super Bowl game to weepy concern for Carson Wentz' injury to declaring their love for the team, which they say is "like my sisters." Them Mom, Marnie, is comforting and also cracking up.
The team offered two tickets to the game. So who is Haley taking?
"I'm taking my Dad," they said. "It was a tough decision, but they raised me on Philly sports. My Mom understands."
Moms always do.
After Moriah Peters auditioned for “American Idol” during their senior year of high school, they walked away feeling discouraged. However today they look back and realizes that that rejection has actually led to the best things in their life.
The now 24-year-old has said that the “Idol” judges once mocked their religious lifestyle, but now they look back on the experience as a lesson.
Peters is now starring in their first movie, a faith-based film titled “Because of Gracia.” They play a high schooler named Gracia who shares striking similarities with Peters in real life. In the film, Gracia is mocked for their good girl image.
Peters told Fox News that the movie will strike a chord with viewers because of the characters in the film.
“… At one point I thought the director created [the] story based on my experiences that they had seen in interviews online because they are so similar, but I think that people will really find a connection to characters…” they said.
Peters was 16 when they stood in front of the “Idol” judges.
“The thing I have come to realize about my ‘American Idol' experience is that just like so many of the other things that we go through in life that are difficult, those are the moments that make us and lead us to all of the opportunities to get to find as we are older.”
Peters' said the rejection brought a sense of gratitude.
“Now I have come to look back on that time with such gratitude, because had that opportunity not closed I wouldn't have found all the incredible experiences I have been able to have years later. I think national recording records and touring, meeting my husband eventually and making this movie…all of that stemmed from that what was once rejection and now I can now see a redirection.”
“Because of Gracia” hits theaters September 15th.
You can follow Blanche Johnson on Twitter @blancheFOXLA.
Roseanne Barr went on an extended apology offensive Tuesday night after ABC canceled their hit sitcom "Roseanne" over a tweet in which Barr referred to a former adviser to President Barack Obama as an "ape."
Barr said they had been under the influence of the prescription sleeping pill Ambien on Monday night when they referred to the adviser, Valerie Jarrett, as a "child" of the "Muslim Brotherhood" and "Planet of the Apes."
"Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show," read a statement Tuesday from ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey.
Barr later apologized several times on their Twitter account.
The actor was responding to an online claim that Obama had spied on French presidential candidates and an accusation from a social media user that Jarrett, who was a senior adviser and assistant to the president for intergovernmental affairs in the Obama administration, had helped Obama "hide a lot."
President Barack Obama and Valerie Jarrett, a top adviser, in July 2014. White House Pool via Getty Images
"Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj" Barr said in a tweet that has been deleted. Jarrett was born in Iran to American parents — their father, a pathologist, directed an American hospital for children — and the family returned to the United States when they were 7 years old.
"I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans," Barr said. "I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me — my joke was in bad taste."
Barr said late Tuesday that they had been "ambien tweeting" and that they "went too far." Ambien and similar sleeping aids are formulated on zolpidem, which the Food and Drug Administration classifies as a hypnotic and which has been widely reported leading some users to undertake uncharacteristic actions without any memory of what they were doing.
They urged their fans not to "feel sorry for me" and apologized specifically to "the hundreds of people, and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet."
Guardiola: Not winning title not a disaster, says Man City manager
Guardiola won the league in their first seasons at Barcelona and Bayern Munich, but their City side lie 10 points below leaders Chelsea.
Pep Guardiola does not believe their first season as Manchester City manager should be classed as a failure if they cannot guide the team to Premier League glory.
Guardiola won the league in their first seasons at Barcelona and Bayern Munich, but their City side lie 10 points below leaders Chelsea and in fifth place after Saturday's 1-0 loss at Liverpool.
They do not see winning the league as the be-all and end-all of City's season, however, and says they are relishing the new challenge of being the hunter rather than the hunted.
"We have put a lot of stress about, ‘Oh, if you don't win the Premier League, that is going to be not a good season'," they told reporters after the New Year's Eve defeat at Anfield.
"No, in that situation we're going to analyse what happened at the end of the season, what was good, what was bad. Now it's just focus on the next game against Burnley.
"I was always on top, Barcelona and Bayern Munich. But OK, this is a new chapter in my career as a manager to handle that and I am willing to try it with these guys."
Chelsea have surged clear at the summit on the back of a 13-game winning streak, but Guardiola does not believe their points advantage is insurmountable.
"I was one time nine points (behind) with Barcelona, against Real Madrid I think," said the Catalan, whose side host Burnley on Monday.
"It was in February or in March and after we recover until (the gap was only) four (when Madrid won the league in 2012).
"But the question is, are we able to take the gap to Chelsea? Now what we have to do is believe in the next game."
Jesus jets in
In contrast to their early experiences with Barcelona and Bavaria, Guardiola is yet to have a transformative effect on City's fortunes.
City's style of play has evolved, reflecting the importance Guardiola places on dominating possession, but they have lost four times already in the league and have struggled defensively.
Jurgen Klopp, Guardiola's former Borussia Dortmund adversary, has had over a year to remould Liverpool and the City manager said it would take them time to achieve similar results.
"I don't know, I'm not able to say that," Guardiola replied when asked how long it will take for City to become their team.
"Jurgen is here more than one season, one year. It's just five months for me. The way we want to play in this league is not that simple.
"We need a little bit more time. But I'm a guy who's so optimistic and we are going to try."
City's attempt to chase down Chelsea will be bolstered by the arrival of Brazil forward Gabriel Jesus following their £27 million ($33 million, 32 million euros) transfer from Palmeiras.
The 19-year-old was due to arrive in Manchester this weekend and Guardiola expects them to make a swift impact.
"He was three years without holidays, he's fit, he's young," said Guardiola.
"It was just two or three weeks not training so I don't think we'll be (waiting) too much time (for him) to be fit."
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Vanderbilt to Forego Eligibility, Remain in 2018 NBA Draft
Freshman forward will remain in the draft after leading the Wildcats in rebounding average
Video: Vanderbilt thanks fans
LEXINGTON, Ky. – Kentucky men's basketball first-year student forward Jarred Vanderbilt will forego their remaining eligibility at UK and remain in the 2018 NBA Draft.
The Wildcats' leader in rebounding average in 2017-18 will join teammates Hamidou Diallo, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Wenyen Gabriel and Kevin Knox in the draft. Earlier Wednesday, PJ Washington announced that they will be returning to Kentucky for their sophomore season while Gabriel indicated that they will remain in the draft.
“Being a professional basketball player has always been a dream of mine,” Vanderbilt said. “From the moment I first picked up a basketball when I was 4 years old, I knew it was something I wanted to do for the rest of my life. These past couple of weeks have been extremely difficult for me. With everything I went through this past season, I've had a lot to think about and what's best for me and my future. Through it all, I've become a better man on and off the court.
“First off, I want to thank God for blessing me with this opportunity because without Him, none of this would be possible. I also want to thank all of the people in my life who have supported me throughout this entire process – from my family, to my teammates, to the coaches and UK staff, and most importantly the fans. The relationships I've built here will last a lifetime and I will cherish the memories I've made here forever.
“After going through the process, I was able to get some positive feedback that confirmed what I had hoped: that my time is now. It is going to be tough to leave this place, but I've decided to remain in the NBA Draft and pursue my dreams now.”
Using NCAA rules that allow players to “test the waters' and go through the NBA Draft process, Vanderbilt received feedback from NBA teams but remained eligible because they didn't hire an agent. Vanderbilt received an NBA Draft Combine invite but elected not to attend.
But after a strong – albeit shortened season – in which Vanderbilt showed their potential, athleticism and versatility, they elected Wednesday to remain in the draft.
“Although I didn't get to play a complete season like I initially intended, I'm still thankful for the opportunity I had to put a Kentucky uniform on and play for my dream school.
“I am very grateful I was able to play in front of the greatest fans in the world. I want to thank you for giving me support as I went through this process. You guys supported me throughout the year as I went through my injury and welcomed me with open arms when I got back on the court. This place is very special to me because of you all. Thank you for helping make Kentucky a second home for me. Big Blue Nation, I'll forever bleed blue with you guys.”
The NBA Draft will be held June 21 at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York
“Jarred had a difficult decision to make,” UK head coach John Calipari said. “I know they have been pulled in two different directions. On one hand they want to show our fans what they can do in a full season and compete for a championship. I know they feel like they got that taken away from them this year. On the other hand, he's seen how quickly this can be taken away. I completely understand and support their decision to get healthy and pursue their dreams now. As I said before, we've only seen a small part of their game because of the adversity they faced this season, but he's got the motor and skill set that will serve them well at the next level.”
Vanderbilt was limited to 14 games in 2017-18 because of a left foot injury that sidelined them the first 17 games of the season and then a left leg injury that kept them out of the postseason. When Vanderbilt was on the floor, they were a problem for opposing teams.
Once cleared, they were thrown right into the mix at South Carolina and immediately showcased their ability to rebound and distribute the basketball. In addition to posting six points and five rebounds in 14 minutes, the 6-foot-9 forward took over “point forward” responsibilities in their first career game and dished out three assists.
Vanderbilt would go on to grab at least five rebounds in their first four games, including 11 key boards in the 17-point comeback victory at No. 7/7 West Virginia.
As Vanderbilt knocked off the rust and figured out their role with the team, their minutes went up. They flirted with a double-double (eight points, 10 rebounds) at Missouri and nearly had three straight double-doubles vs. Alabama (11 points, nine rebounds), at Arkansas (11 points, nine rebounds) and at home vs. Mizzou (11 points, career-high 15 boards). They were tabbed Southeastern Conference Freshman of the Week after the first two of that three-game stretch.
Vanderbilt grabbed 10 or more rebounds in five of their last six games and led UK in rebounding average with 7.9 boards per game. They also averaged 5.9 points per game. As a senior at Victory Prep Academy, Vanderbilt averaged 28.5 points, 13.4 rebounds and 8.8 assists a game.
Since Calipari joined the Wildcat program for the 2009-10 season, UK has produced 31 NBA Draft picks over eight seasons, 14 more than the next closest school (Duke). Included in the 31 are 24 first-round selections, three No. 1 overall picks, 12 top-10 selections and 17 lottery picks.
Of the 21 players in the Calipari era who declared for the NBA Draft after one season at Kentucky heading into this season, all 21 were drafted in the first round.
Official release from UK sports information
HOUSTON - Friends of a woman who was killed while walking their dogs in southwest Houston say the streets in the city are not safe for pedestrians and they have a message for city leaders.
Change
Neighbors and friends of Polly Koch, who died after they were hit by a truck in the crosswalk at the intersection of Richmond and Mandell, want change of any kind, which is why they were in Montrose Wednesday morning spreading the word.
"The main concern is that our friend died here, it's lethal," said Raj Mankad, Koch's friend and colleague.
Friends and neighbors honored Koch by walking the same crosswalk where they died.
As they walked in their honor a car pulled up and tried to make the same turn that killed Koch -- a sign of how dangerous the intersection can be.
"This isn't just a matter of are we being considerate, it's the matter of value of life and we're completely discounting that value right now," Bike Houston Chairman Dan Piette said.
What they're asking for
The organization is asking for accountability.
The person who hit and killed Koch and one of the two dogs they were walking at the time wasn't charged with a crime. The pickup truck driver remained at the scene after the crash.
"The city and the police and the DA's office, they need to enforce the laws that we have," Mankad said. "It is the law that cars stop for pedestrians in any crosswalk."
Koch's people also paid a visit to the city council Wednesday morning, demanding to be heard.
"In a way being here, and I think listening also to my friends talk about this, it's a way of continuing a conversation with Polly, about how to address issues that affect all of us," said Jane Creighton, a longtime friend of Koch.
Channel 2 has a message out to the city for a comment, but Mayor Sylvester Turner already has a commission to identify the 10 most dangerous intersections and study how to make them safer.
Residents in Montrose want the intersection of Richmond and Mandell added to that list.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
CLEVELAND — Chris Paul had 22 points and 11 assists, Ryan Anderson added 21 points and the Houston Rockets became the latest team to thump Cleveland on national TV, beating the disconnected Cavaliers 120-88 on Saturday night.
James Harden only scored 16 — 15 below their league-leading average — but Houston rolled to its fourth straight win and improved to 11-2 since Jan. 8.
Meanwhile, the Cavs' downward spiral accelerated.
Since losing at Golden State on Christmas, LeBron James and their teammates are 0-8 in network broadcasts and have been embarrassed in several matchups against quality teams. They lost by 28 at Minnesota, 34 in Toronto, 24 at home to Oklahoma City and 32 to the Rockets, who toyed with the defending Eastern Conference champs.
James finished with just 11 points and didn't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead. Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland.
PISTONS 111, HEAT 107
DETROIT (AP) — Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds, and Blake Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift Detroit over Miami.
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons, including a late 3-pointer of their own. Detroit has won three in a row, the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring them in a trade.
Griffin's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101, but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play, making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left. Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession, and Smith sank their only 3-point attempt of the game, from the right corner with 14 seconds to play.
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat, who have lost three in a row. Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside, who was out with an illness.
PACERS 100, 76ERS 92
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo and Bojan Bogdanovic each scored 19 points and Indiana beat Philadelphia.
Oladipo added nine rebounds and four assists. Domantis Sabonis scored 10 points, grabbed eight rebounds and had six assists. Lance Stephenson finished with 14 points and nine rebounds off the bench for Indiana.
Joel Embiid finished with 24 points and 10 rebounds while playing on both nights of the back-to-back. Ben Simmons scored 10 points and added 11 rebounds for Philadelphia.
WIZARDS 115, MAGIC 98
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Otto Porter scored 20 points and Tomas Satoransky had a career-high 19 to lift Washington over Orlando.
Bradley Beal had 18 points, eight rebounds and eight assists as the Wizards won their fourth straight without injured All-Star point guard John Wall. Washington shot 54 per cent and had 35 assists, the fourth straight game with 30 or more.
Mario Hezonja and Johnathon Simmons led Orlando with 15 points apiece. The Magic had seven players in double figures, including 14 points from Elfrid Payton, but couldn't keep up with Washington's unselfish play.
In a new court filing late Friday, Robert Mueller's prosecutors say Paul Manafort heavily edited an op-ed defending their work in Ukraine that appeared Thursday in a Ukrainian English-language newspaper.
Manafort, former chair of the Trump presidential campaign, has been indicted on multiple counts in Mueller's Russia probe, and the judge has imposed a gag order on both the defense and the prosecution.
Prosecutors had argued in a filing earlier this week that Manafort's involvement in writing the op-ed piece violated the judge's gag order, citing the article in their opposition to their request to be released from house arrest on bail. Manafort's lawyers responded that they had little role in its composition, and was helping Oleg Voloshyn, a former spokesperson for Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, write the piece.
An court drawing of former Trump 2016 campaign chairperson Paul Manafort appears in the U.S. Federal Court during their arraignment on twelve federal charges. Reuters
But in a document attached to Friday's filing, prosecutors say Manafort engaged in a line-by-line edit of the draft, making dozens of changes. "Manafort cannot bring themselves to state that they had a role in drafting the op-ed, although that fact is established by irrefutable evidence."
Related: Manafort, Gates charged with conspiracy in Mueller investigation
It shows, the prosecutors say, that they can't be trusted. They say it's another reason why the conditions of their bail should not be relaxed.
Prosecutors also said Voloshyn was not the principal author of the piece, but that Manafort was working with Konstantin Kilimnik. In their earlier filing, prosecutors had said Manafort was working with an unnamed individual with ties to Russian intelligence. In Friday's filing, they said that Kilimnik was the man they meant. Kilimnik worked closely with Manafort in Ukraine, where Manafort earned millions as a political consultant.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Who Is Paul Manafort? 5:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Another author of the piece, according to the filing, was Rick Gates, Manafort's U.S. business partner. Gates was also indicted by Mueller and is under the same gag order.
Manafort was indicted by a federal grand jury in October on seven charges, including money laundering and failing to disclose their lobbying efforts on behalf of a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine. They have pleaded not guilty.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday made clear that the United States was committed to NATO while also reinforcing the Trump administration's demand that allies pay their fair share.
Speaking at their first NATO defense minister's meeting, Mattis called the alliance "a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the trans-Atlantic community."
That message, delivered as Mattis stood alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, comes amid mixed signals from President Donald Trump and as chaos swirls in Washington. The Pentagon chief made no references to the abrupt forced resignation Monday of Michael Flynn, the U.S. national security adviser, over their pre-inauguration discussions with Russia, and what the change may mean for U.S. policy toward Moscow.
"I haven't changed what I'm heading there for," Mattis told reporters traveling with them to the NATO gathering. "It doesn't change my message at all."
The allies' interest and concern about the latest furor in Washington was evident early on as officials crowded around televisions at the NATO meeting to watch Mattis' initial appearance with Stoltenberg. Ministers immediately clustered around the retired Marine general as they entered the meeting room.
In public statements, however, NATO leaders brushed aside questions about the turmoil in Washington.
Stoltenberg said they have spoken to Trump twice on the phone, and has gotten the same reassurance from Mattis and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
"They have all conveyed the same message to me as they have conveyed to other leaders in NATO countries, and that is that the United States will stay committed to the trans-Atlantic partnership," Stoltenberg said.
Mattis also urged that "all who benefit from the best defense in the world carry their proportionate share of the necessary cost to defend freedom." The U.S. wants allies to increase their military funding to the benchmark goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product. Some NATO members have been slowly moving toward that.
They also are expected to press for greater assistance, including additional trainers, in the military campaigns in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
During their Senate confirmation hearing last month, Mattis said they wanted the U.S. to "maintain the strongest possible relationship with NATO."
Trump has criticized NATO as "obsolete," repeatedly praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and threatened that the U.S. might not defend allies that don't fulfill their financial obligations as NATO members. It's all rattled European leaders, who are looking for some clarity from Mattis.
Such comments are playing into fears that Trump will ease U.S. sanctions imposed on Moscow after it annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014 and supported an insurgency in eastern Ukraine. Another concern is lessened U.S. military support for Eastern European allies near Russia's border who worry about being the next target.
In recent weeks, Trump's public statements on NATO have softened somewhat.
After meeting Trump, British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters that they assured them they were "100 percent" behind NATO. A joint statement issued after Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke by telephone said the two agreed on the "fundamental importance that the NATO alliance has for trans-Atlantic relations" and the need for all members to pay their fair share. Trump made similar comments in a call with French President Francois Hollande.
Only four countries other than the U.S. — Britain, Estonia, Greece and Poland — are meeting NATO's 2 percent spending target. Many are increasing their budgets in response to Russia's actions.
Still, the U.S. spends more on its armed forces than all the others combined. Washington also pays more than 22 percent of NATO's commonly funded budget.
The U.S. also would like to see an increased NATO commitment in Afghanistan, where forces have been fighting the Taliban since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. Washington wants more trainers in Afghanistan, where about 8,400 American troops are still deployed.
There also will be discussions about how to accelerate the newer, U.S.-led campaign to defeat the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
A review of the surveillance material flagged by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes shows no inappropriate action by Susan Rice or any other Obama administration official, Republican and Democratic Congressional aides who have been briefed on the matter told NBC News.
President Donald Trump told the New York Times they believed former National Security Adviser Rice broke the law by asking for the identities of Trump aides who were mentioned in transcripts of U.S. surveillance of foreign targets. Normally, the identities of Americans are blacked out in transcripts circulated by the National Security Agency, but they may be "unmasked," if their identities are relevant to understanding the intelligence.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'I leaked nothing to nobody,' Susan Rice insists 16:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rice did not dispute that they requested the identities of certain Americans in the waning days of the Obama administration, but they denied any wrongdoing in an interview with NBC News' Andrea Mitchell. Them denial came after Nunes said they believed the names of Trump aides had been inappropriately unmasked and circulated.
Related: What Is Unmasking, And Did Susan Rice Do Anything Wrong?
Members of the House and Senate intelligence committees from both parties have traveled to NSA headquarters to review the relevant intelligence reports.
"I saw no evidence of any wrongdoing," said one U.S. official who reviewed the documents, who would not agree to be identified further. "It was all completely normal."
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes speaks to reporters at the Capitol on March 24. J. Scott Applewhite / AP, file
Their assessment was shared by a senior Republican aide who had been briefed on the matter but declined to speak on the record.
The finding by lawmakers of both parties was first reported by CNN.
Nunes has recused themselves from their committee's investigation of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election while the Office of Congressional Ethics investigates complaints that they disclosed classified information when they brought the unmasking concern to light.
When the New York Times asked Trump on April 5 if Rice broke the law, Trump said, "Do I think? Yes, I think."
"I think it's going to be the biggest story," Trump added. "It's such an important story for our country and the world."
Related: Nunes Backs Down From Assertion Trump Was Monitored
Sebastian Gorka, a Trump national security adviser, was asked by Sean Hannity on Fox News how the unmasking issue compared to Watergate.
"Losing 14 minutes of audiotape in comparison to this is a little spat in the sandbox in the kindergarten," Gorka replied.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analysis: Is Susan Rice Responsible for Unmasking Trump Aides? 2:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But current and former U.S. intelligence officials have said that any unmasking request by Rice would have been made to the NSA director or the FBI director, who would have the final say. Both men are still in their jobs under President Trump.
Current and former officials say it is routine, and not inappropriate, for the national security adviser to request the identities of Americans mentioned in intelligence reports.
Related: Nunes Had Secret White House Meeting Before Trump Monitoring Claim
"Let's say there was a conversation between two foreigners about a conversation they were having with an American, who was proposing to sell to them high-tech bomb making equipment," Rice said April 4 on MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell Reports. "Now, if that came to me as National Security Advisor, it would matter enormously. Is this some kook sitting in their living room communicating via the internet, offering to sell something they don't have? Or is it a serious person or company or entity with the ability to provide that technology perhaps to an adversary? That would be an example of a case where knowing who the U.S. person was, was necessary to assess the information."
LONDON — At least 12 people were confirmed dead after a blaze ripped through a high-rise apartment block in West London as residents slept Wednesday morning. At least 78 others were injured.
London Metropolitan Police said that they expected the death toll to rise and that they could not provide a figure for the amount of people who remained unaccounted for.
More than 250 firefighters battled the inferno through the night, and by late afternoon they had gone through most of the building. Steve Apter, safety director of the London Fire Brigade, said the incident "continues to be challenging."
Local resident Tim Downie told NBC News that they saw "people dangling children out the windows to try and get them to safety" as flames spread upward.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12 Dead, Nearly 80 Injured as Fire Engulfs London Hire-Rise Building 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Another witness, Samira Lamrani, said a woman wrapped a baby up "in some sort of thick blanket" and then let go of the child from around the ninth floor. "Miraculously, the baby just sort of dropped in a straight line, and a guy just ran forward and the baby fell into their arms," they said.
Several others recounted watching people jumping from Grenfell Tower to escape the flames and smoke.
Local officials said they believed that several hundred people were in the building, which dates to the 1970s. The high-rise had a "stay put" policy in the event of a fire — with residents urged to shut their windows and doors and await rescue.
London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton called it an "unprecedented incident," adding that a "number of fatalities" had been confirmed. Police later put the death toll at six, but they warned that the figure was likely to rise.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'People Were Screaming for Help:' Survivors Recall London Fire Horror 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never, ever seen anything of this scale," Cotton said. "This is a major fire that's affected all floors of the 24-story structure from the second floor upwards."
Photos: Fire Rages Through High-Rise Apartment Block
They highlighted that "very large numbers" were rescued by emergency crews early on. But almost nine hours after the blaze broke out, Cotton said "we have absolutely no idea" how many people remained unaccounted for.
Michael Paramasivan, 37, was wearing only underwear and a robe when they fled the seventh floor about 35 minutes after the blaze was reported.
They described the scene in the stairwell as an "absolute horror story."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prime Minister Promises 'Proper Investigation' Into London High-Rise Fire 0:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"There was smoke everywhere, people screaming and shouting," Paramasivan told NBC News. "It all happened so fast, but it was really, really frightening. I'm shaking."
They added: "They say you're supposed to put a towel under the door and wait for rescue, but I wasn't going to hang around. ... There was some kind of alarm, but it was barely audible. It certainly wouldn't have woken you up."
Grenfell Tower has about 130 units. It is about a mile northwest of Kensington Palace and near the Portobello Road market tourist attraction.
Anxious relatives also gathered to wait for news of their loved ones at a local community center. Above a cellphone number, one poster there read: "My friend Khadija lives on the 20th floor of the Grenfell Tower. We can't get through to her, if anyone had seen them please let me know."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12 Confirmed Dead in London Apartment Tower Blaze 0:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The London Fire Brigade sent 40 vehicles to the scene after being called at 12:54 a.m. Wednesday local time (7:54 p.m. ET Tuesday). At least 20 patients were in critical condition, officials said.
By noon (7 a.m. ET), flames were still visible from some of the apartment block's windows. Authorities suggested that the fire could burn for days.
Streets up to a mile away were covered in a layer of ash as a police helicopter buzzed over the area, an ethnically and economically diverse part of west London. Some residents hurried along the streets trying to find news of neighbors or family members.
Sajad Jamalvatan, whose mother lives in Grenfell Tower, told NBC News that they "saw with my bare eyes someone jumping from the building."
Flames engulf London's Grenfell Tower on Wednesday. Toby Melville / Reuters
Kidan Opbekke, 39, was returning to their home in a nearby street after working a night shift when they saw the aftermath of the blaze.
"A friend of mine ... they cannot find their daughter," Opbekke said, sobbing. "She got out from the fire, but they cannot find their daughter."
Opbekke added: "This is terrible. There is nothing we can do except pray. We just came here to pray. Why, why did this happen?"
At nearby Latymer Community Church, shocked survivors were being given water and food. Al Manaar Mosque also opened its doors.
"We will be providing temporary shelter and food for anyone of any faith or no faith affected by the fire," said Abdurahman Sayed, the mosque's director.
A resident of a nearby building watches smoke rise from Grenfell Tower in London early Wednesday. Matt Dunham / AP
Authorities said the cause of the blaze remained unclear. Forensic investigators with cameras and protective suits were spotted at the scene, and a structural engineer was sent to monitor whether the high-rise remained stable.
A newsletter distributed by Grenfell Tower's managers in May 2016 advised that "you are generally safest to stay put in your home to begin with; the fire brigade will arrive very quickly if a fire is reported."
It added that "smoke detection systems have been upgraded and extended" as part of a $12.8 million refurbishment project.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment, said in a statement Wednesday that its work "met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards."
However, residents complained about fire safety standards in November — warning that only a serious blaze would make authorities listen.
"I wasn't surprised, because we've been talking about this kind of thing happening," David Collins, former chairperson of the residents association, told NBC News' British partner, ITN.
"We said amongst ourselves a few times the worst that could happen would be a tragedy, and then people would wake up to the mismanagement of this estate," they said.
The Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization acknowledged in a statement that it was "aware that concerns have been raised historically by residents."
"We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations," organization said. "While these investigations continue with our co-operation, our core priority at the moment is our residents."
Alastair Jamieson, Chloe Hubbard, Mo Abbas, Will Clark, Emma Ong, Nick Bailey, F. Brinley Bruton, Rachel Elbaum, Sophie Harris, Tony Hemmings and Jason Cumming reported from London. Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles. Erin Dean, E.D. Cauchi and Rima Abdelkader reported from New York. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
CORRECTION (June 14, 2017, 4:15 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated when the fire broke out. It was Wednesday morning, London time, not Wednesday night.
UI withdraws 408 students for poor performance
No fewer than 408 students of the University of Ibadan have been asked to withdraw from the Premier University for failure to meet the minimum academic requirements to stay in the University.
The Senate of the University has ratified the withdrawal at its meeting where results of graduating and non-graduating students were considered and approved.
Investigations revealed that three-quarter of those asked to leave the university were those in 100 level who were admitted into the university without writing the Post-UTME screening examinations.
The University of Ibadan had admitted a total of 3,483 for the 2016/2017 session when there was opposition to the conduct of post-UTME screening.
The Deputy Vice Chancellor (Academic) Professor Adeyinka Aderinto in an interview with newsmen in Ibadan stated that the University of Ibadan will continue to uphold its standards despite dwindling funding to the university by adhering to global standards.
The DVC asked parents of those students returning to the University to ensure that they monitor to ensure that their wards who have been asked to withdraw from the university do not lie and continue to extort money in the name of being a student at the University.
According to professor Aderinto, the conduct of UI Model of Post-UTME screening has helped to separate ‘men from boys' and helped the institution in maintaining its historical standard as a global brand.
“The University is determined to uphold standards. We are saying that being admitted to the University of Ibadan is a rare privilege that require students to be up and doing in their studies. There are minimum academic requirements a student must meet at the end of the session and those who fall short of that would have to leave the university. UI has been able to invent their own model of screening applicants and it has shown that those who we screened performed far better than those not subjected to our screening after taking JAMB.”
The post UI withdraws 408 students for poor performance appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Woodland Ferry will be closed for part of next week to get ready for the annual U.S. Coast Guard inspection. Extended maintenance and preparation will shut the ferry down from next Tuesday, April 25 until Friday, April 28. The ferry will be closed on Monday, May 1 as well for the inspection. Full operations will resume Tuesday, May 2. Closure signs will be posted.
CINCINNATI — The next two starts for Bronson Arroyo are key to determining their future in the Cincinnati Reds' rotation, beginning Tuesday night versus the Baltimore Orioles at Great American Ball Park.
The 40-year old veteran right-hander was signed during spring training to eat innings and add valuable experience for a relatively young Reds' rotation.
But, after not pitching for nearly two full seasons and making only six spring appearances, Arroyo has yet to prove to themselves or the club that he's ready for an extended stay in the major leagues.
In two starts this season, Arroyo is 0-2 with a 9.90 ERA and 11 earned runs in 10 innings, including four home runs.
“It's only been two starts, and to be honest with you it is uncharted territory,” Arroyo said. “At this level you get paid to produce, man. If I go out there the next two times and still feel like things are not quite crisp enough to keep us in the ballgame, maybe I'm on a dead-end street. I'm not sure.”
The Reds (8-5) aren't ready to pull the plug just yet. A reduction in velocity certainly is a concern, but Arroyo could simply need more time to ramp up physically.
In the middle of a rebuilding project, the Reds have the luxury of time. But, they also have a bullpen that has been overworked recently because of a lack of innings from its starters.
“Bronson is 2 1/2 years removed from competing,” Reds manager Bryan Price said. “He needs time to settle in. I'm sure the crispness will come in time, as will their velocity.”
Arroyo will be facing Baltimore for the 11th time in their career, with nine of those appearances coming while they were with the Boston Red Sox.  They are 3-2 with a 5.82 ERA in six starts and four relief appearances against the Orioles, whom they haven't faced since 2011.
“I feel like I don't have enough to finish guys,” Arroyo said. “My (velocity) obviously isn't as good as it used to be. Right now, I feel like they have to put the ball in play to get outs.”
This is the first interleague series of the season for both teams.
Baltimore (8-3) leads the all-time series 6-3, but the Reds own a 2-1 advantage at Great American Ball Park. In 2011, the Reds played in Baltimore for the first time since the 1970 World Series.
Right-hander Ubaldo Jimenez will start Tuesday's game against the Reds, coming off a frustrating outing Wednesday against the Red Sox, when they couldn't escape the fifth inning of a 12-5 Orioles' win.
Jimenez, who owns a 10.38 ERA through three starts this season, is 3-0 with a 3.00 ERA in their career against Cincinnati.
“My fastball command was good, breaking ball was good, but I was throwing way too many pitches per hitter,” Jimenez told the Baltimore Sun following their last start.
“I think that's something that I need to work on. In these last two games, I haven't found a way to put hitters away, even when I get ahead.”
That was not the case for the rest of the Orioles' rotation, which posted a collective 1.85 ERA while taking three of four games in Toronto.
Jimenez will face a Cincinnati team that ranks second in the major leagues in runs scored and third in OPS.
Baltimore will be without closer Zach Britton.  They are on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained left forearm and probably won't return until the end of this month.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Houston Texans J.J. Watt watches before Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series between the Houston Rockets and the Oklahoma City Thunder, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Houston.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip). Oklahoma City Thunder's Semaj Christon (6) is fouled by Houston Rockets' Patrick Beverley, right, during the first half in Game 1 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series, Sunday, April 16, 2017, in Houston.
By KRISTIE RIEKENAP Sports Writer
HOUSTON (AP) - When J.J. Watt attended the Houston Rockets' playoff game on Sunday night, they got a front-row view of Patrick Beverley's intensity.
The Houston Texans star defensive end was taken aback when Beverley walked over to their courtside seat during a timeout and simply stood in front of them and stared for several seconds.
"I was like: 'Pat, I don't know what you want me to do here, man. I can't really do anything,'" Watt said. "He's just staring me down. And my girlfriend looked at me and they were like: 'That was kind of cool and kind of awkward at the same time.' I was like: 'Yeah it was.' I didn't know what to do."
Watt finally broke the stalemate by high-fiving the guard, a well-deserved acknowledgement on a night when Beverley scored a playoff career-high 21 points with 10 rebounds and slowed Russell Westbrook with their defense to help Houston rout Oklahoma City 118-87 in Game 1 of their first-round playoff series.
"The guy was just absolutely killing it," Watt said. "His intensity is the best. I was setting there on the sidelines getting fired up, wanting to get in the game."
Watt actually thought about rushing on the court for a brief moment in the third quarter on Sunday night to stand up for Beverley. It came when 7-foot Thunder center Steven Adams knocked the 6-1 Beverley to the court on a hard screen just a few feet away from Watt's seat.
"That dude knocks them out," Watt said. "And I was like: 'OK, we may have a problem you're messing with my guy Pat.'"
The Rockets were off on Monday and Beverley wasn't available for comment, but they tweeted their thanks for Watt's support by saying that they want them back for Game 2 on Wednesday night in the same seat they had for the first game.
Watt is known for their fiery demeanor while chasing down quarterbacks on the football field. But even they were a little surprised by Beverley's ferocity on Sunday night.
"He just has a way of getting you fired up," Watt said. "He is like the Wolverine out there. He's fearless. I love the way that guy plays and it was just fun to watch that guy put on a show."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
It probably will take until next spring for the Army Corps of Engineers to finish court-ordered additional environmental study of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, agency attorneys said in court documents filed Friday.
Cop Shop Podcast: Teen son wants brandy, mom says no, Chihuahua yaps
'Suspect bailed!' Raw audio of car chase in downtown Macon
0:48
The UCLA Football team appears to have their newest offensive coordinator as they look to hire Jedd Fisch, Michigan's passing game coordinator.
It's been a month since the UCLA Football team relieved Kennedy Polamalu of their duties as offensive coordinator. Well it looks like the wait is over for a new OC.
It has been reported that Head Coach Jim Mora has locked in on Michigan's passing game coordinator Jedd Fisch. Fisch also held the roles of quarterbacks and receivers coach.
This past season, the Michigan Wolverines had the best scoring offense in the Big Ten Conference with 40.8 points per game. Michigan was also second in their conference in total offense behind College Football Playoff semi-finalist Ohio State with 439.3 yards per game.
UCLA announces new offensive coordinator: Michigan assistant Jedd Fisch, who served as QB coach, WR coach + passing game coordinator for UM. — Matt Cummings (@mbcummings15) January 2, 2017
The interesting stats come from the passing and rushing totals. The Wolverines averaged more yards on the ground (223.3 ypg) than through the air (216.1 ypg).
So does that mean Fisch is going to keep UCLA in a power football frame of mind, or will they keep the Bruins as pass-heavy team? That remains to be seen.
Right now the UC Regents are going over the hire and salary for Fisch, so it is not yet finalized, but should be completed in the next few days.
More from Go Joe Bruin
With Fisch getting the job, we will see if they make any changes to the offensive coaching staff. One position they do have to hire for is running backs coach, which was previously held by Polamalu. Beyond that, they also need to determine what to do with their offensive line and running game, which should all be figured out with the implementation of their offensive style.
This article originally appeared on
The event, planned by First Lady Melania Trump, honors France's President Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte. White House officials say Trump has steered clear of the planning process. But over the years, he's shared plenty of ideas.
Two years ago, then-candidate Trump may not have been measuring the Oval Office drapes — but they were already envisioning what White House dinners held during their presidency might include, and what they might not.
Referring to events honoring visiting leaders from China and other nations, Trump scoffed at the splendor and spending involved. They told a Sioux City, Iowa, rally crowd that if North Korean leader Kim Jong-un visited the United States, they would get Trump's acceptance — "but I wouldn't give them a state dinner like we do for China and all these other people that rip us off when we give them these big state dinners."
"We give them state dinners like you've never seen," they said. "Forget the state dinners — that cost, by the way, a fortune."
Speaking to an Atlanta crowd ahead of the Republican National Convention that year, Trump had a more specific cost-saving entertainment concept in mind. "We shouldn't have dinners at all," they said. "We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table."
But they didn't just think the White House was thinking too big. They also thought they weren't thinking big enough.
Before President Barack Obama's re-election, and for years afterward, Trump recounted a call they said they had had with Obama's chief strategist, David Axelrod, when they offered to commission five American architects to build a collapsible ballroom worth $100 million — free of charge — in which the White House could host state dinners.
"I notice they always put tents up on the lawn," Trump said at a Sioux City event in 2016. "Number one, it's not a good security thing. Number two, the guy that owns the tents is making a fortune."
Trump claimed that Axelrod never responded to the offer.
SICK! Professor Caught On Camera Telling Class Mandalay Bay Massacre Is Trump's Fault [VIDEO]
At the University of Nevada located in Las Vegas, another liberal professor was caught on camera by one of their students going off on the President. But it's not just for the normal everyday blame Trump for even breathing, no. This time the lefty took it over the edge into inappropriate territory when they hung the murdered lives of those lost during the shooting that took place in Las Vegas right around the Presidents neck.
58 people lost their lives due to the acts of a monster, and that monster to this professor was both Stephen Paddock, and in part, Donald Trump. Now how do you even square that one? For a lefty, it's no problem at all. Their standards are of course, double standards. Their reasoning is insanity, and their ability to see when they have been soundly and factually caught in an lie is nonexistent.
Tessa Winkelmann works as an assistant at UNLV and was teaching their History class when they made made the remarks that ‘people will die' due to Trump being elected. This had a contentious effect on their classroom after:
‘Right when they got elected, I told my classes, three semesters ago, that some of us won't be affected by this presidency, but others are going to die. Other people will die because of this.'
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
They gave the excuse of Trumps threats to North Korea was only ‘encouraging violence. He's threatened to declare violence against North Korea and other places, and words, especially if they're coming from someone who is the president, have consequences…I don't know that these events would have inevitably happened whether or not they got elected, but they have rhetorical powers every president has to encourage or to discourage (violence). So far all he's done is to encourage violence.'
When the video went viral, a student from their class said they felt ‘dumbfounded' by such ‘appalling' words that had no grounding at all. The student also mentioned that after this display of mental illness from the professor, the class became a battle ground of contention. The student actually claimed, ‘some of us wanted to walk out of the class.'
So here's what you could have already guessed about Winkelmann, because they are a cookie cutter as they come. They were a Fulbright scholar whose main focus was what?
Imperialism and ethnic studies….
Like you didn't see that one coming, right? Seriously parents, if you want to give your children a fighting chance in this world, don't let this kind of professor teach them.
There was a Super Bowl special delivery at one Kentucky farm as their 13th white foal was born during the game. The filly was sired by Revolutionary, who lives at Winstar Farm in Versailles, and after they posted a video, it quickly went viral.
WAVE 3 News photographer James Thomas takes you to Patchen Wilkes Farm, to get a closer look at the new addition.
Commuters are being told to avoid the area around the Port Authority Bus Terminal following reports of a possible explosion in the area.
The New York Police Department said it was responding to an explosion at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. The bus terminal was shut down as of 8:22 a.m., according to the Port Authority.
One person is in custody and the explosion was believed to have been caused by a pipe bomb, police sources told ABC7ny.com.
Bus service to and from the bus terminal might be delayed due to police activity in the building, according to NJ Transit.
An official New York City Twitter account, NotiftyNYC said to expect traffic and transit delays on 42nd Street between 8th and 9th Avenue. NJ Transit bus tickets will be accepted on the agency's trains and light rail as well as PATH and ferries.
The A, C and E subway lines are being evacuated, the NYPD said.
Other subway lines, including the 1, 2, 3, A, Q, R, W and 7 are bypassing 43nd Street, the MTA said.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC -- NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The Mayor has been briefed on the incident in Midtown. The NYPD, FDNY and first responders are on the scene. -- NYC Mayor's Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) December 11, 2017
Bus service to/from Port Authority Bus Terminal may experience delays due to police activity in the building. -- NJ TRANSIT (@NJTRANSIT) December 11, 2017
Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Despite many threats from the USA to use military force against North Korea, the latter still conducted a missile test, albeit an unsuccessful one. Yet, the Americans showed no reaction to Pyongyang after Kim Jong-un launched a ballistic missile. Was Donald Trump bluffing?
When US Vice President Mike Pence arrived in South Korea, the world understood that Trump would not attack Pyongyang. Curiously, Pence said that the USA knew the North Korean missile launch would fail. Was there a need to stir up tensions then?
According to political analysts, by demonstrating military power, Trump wanted to show themselves more resolute than their predecessors who had used military force against other states (Yugoslavia, Iraq, Libya, etc.), but never dared to play dangerous games with the countries that had nuclear and missile weapons.
Experts also believe that the USA was intimidated by the military parade in North Korea that was held to celebrate the nation's founding father, Kim Il Sung. When the whole world saw for the first time Pyongyang's Pukkuksong-2 submarine-launched ballistic missiles and other state-of-the-art weapons of North Korea, the rigid rhetoric abated at once.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Get the Mach newsletter.
Scientists have discovered mountain ranges and a series of vast canyons buried deep under the ice near the South Pole in western Antarctica.
The discoveries, made with the help of ice-penetrating radar during an aerial survey of the polar region, came as a surprise to the scientists.
"We expected to find mountainous subglacial topography, but the size of the troughs did come as a surprise because we had no indication that they were there," Dr. Kate Winter, a research fellow at Northumbria University in the U.K. and the lead author of a paper about the discoveries published in the journal "Geophysical Research Letters," told NBC News MACH in an email.
Aerial photo of the U.S. Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station at the Geographic South Pole taken from the PolarGAP survey aircraft. Tom Jordan
The biggest of the three canyons, named Foundation Trough, is more than 20 miles wide and spans a distance of more than 215 miles, or roughly the distance from Washington, D.C. to New York City. Patuxent Trough spans more than 180 miles while the Offset Rift Basin spans more than 90 miles.
If the canyons are big, so are their possible environmental implications.
Global warming could cause the polar ice sheet to thin, and the size and orientation of the canyons could speed the rate at which ice flows from the center of the continent to the sea — a phenomenon that would raise global sea levels and possibly lead to the flooding of coastal areas around the world.
"By mapping these deep troughs and mountain ranges we have therefore added a key piece of the puzzle to help understand how the East Antarctic Ice Sheet may have responded to past change and how it may do so in the future," Fausto Ferraccioli, principal investigator of PolarGAP, a European Space Agency-funded project that provided the data for the discoveries, said in a written statement.
The orange circle show the area where there is a gap in satellite gravity data coverage in Antarctica. New airborne survey data, combined with data from other international data gathering missions, will fill the gap. British Antarctic Survey
The discoveries also seem to have surprised Dr. Robin Bell, a glaciologist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Palisades, New York. It's "still amazing that there are pieces of out planet we do not even know what the topography looks like," they said in an email to MACH. "We are all used to popping open Google Earth or even Zillow to see what things look like. In Antarctica the ice hides everything."
Bell likened the canyons to "long valleys carved by ice sheets like ruts from a mountain bike."
The location of the troughs in Antarctica. Tom Jordan
The research marks the first release of data from PolarGAP, which aims to fill in topological information about the area around the South Pole.
Although there is ample satellite data about other areas of the planet, there has long been a gap in data around the pole because few satellites pass over the area. To fill in the gap, radar-equipped Twin Otter airplanes operated by the British Antarctic Survey were flown over the region in 2015 and 2016.
More stories about Antarctica
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Exiled Chelsea star Diego Costa has given a withering assessment of head coach Antonio Conte and accused the Premier League champions of treating them as if they were a "criminal".
Costa was Chelsea's top scorer with 20 goals as they secured a second league title in three years last season but Conte has since informed the Spain international they do not feature in their first-team plans.
The manner of this rejection provides a major flash point in the current stand-off, with Costa claiming Conte dumped them via text message when they were away on international duty in June.
Chelsea maintains the 28-year-old forward has been aware of their plans since January, around the time they were heavily linked with a move to Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.
Still don't get Diego Costa's point. Stop sulking, get fit, move clubs. As for the text message, "disrespect" etc, grow up, who cares — Barney Ronay (@barneyronay) August 14, 2017
The upshot is Costa going AWOL, back to their hometown of Lagarto in Brazil, where UK newspaper the Daily Mail tracked them down at their family home while watching the Blues' shock 3-2 defeat to Burnley.
A return to former club Atletico Madrid remains the desired option for Costa, who is presently racking up fines as they refuse to return to Chelsea and train with the reserves.
"I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," they explained. "I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that.
"They gave me a week extra off [at the start of pre-season training] but since then it's fines all the way.
"They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that. I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me."
Atletico's player registration ban would prevent Costa from playing for them until January but the forward is willing to remain out of action for as long as it takes their Chelsea ordeal to play out.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me," they said.
"I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"My desire is to go to Atletico. I've spoken to Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia. I said, 'If the manager doesn't want me, I want to go to Atletico Madrid'.
"I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to - not the club that's paying the most."
Costa claimed to have been on the verge of signing a new contract at Stamford Bridge but accused Conte of "putting the brakes on" and sees no prospect of reconciliation with the Italian, who brought in club-record signing Alvaro Morata as their replacement.
"His ideas are very fixed and clear," Costa said of Conte. "I have seen the sort of person they are. They have their own opinion and that will not change.
Antonio Conte has handled the Diego Costa situation so poorly, you need only read Costa's latest comments. Pathetic by the Italian. — Adam Joseph (@AdamJosephSport) August 14, 2017
"I respect them as a great coach. They have done a good job and I can see that, but as a person, no.  They are not a coach who is very close with their players.  They are very distant. They don't possess charisma."
As for the infamous text message, that is set to remain on Costa's phone for posterity.
"There are ways of going about it. You don't do it by text message. You should be honest and direct to someone's face," they added.
"I was angry at the time. Now I am more calm. I have not deleted the message. If people accuse me of lying, I can show them."
Daimler's Smart brand has confirmed it will stop selling gasoline-powered vehicles in the U.S. and Canada, focusing exclusively on an electrified version of its two-seat Fortwo model.
It is the latest development in a series of setbacks for Smart, which has continued to lose ground despite a redesign last year. The timing was unfortunate, according to industry analysts, coming at a point when gasoline prices were hovering at barely $2 a gallon and millions of North American buyers have been migrating from passenger cars to utility vehicles and other light trucks.
Mercedes introduces the 2017 Smart electric car at the 2016 Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
News of the decision to go all-electric came in the form of a letter sent by Dietmar Exler, the CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA, to Smart dealers. Declaring "Smart has always been synonymous with innovation," Exler added that "Developments within the micro-car segment present some challenges for the current smart product portfolio. They concluded that, "A dedicated focus on the electric drive in the U.S. and Canada provides a logical step to support a sustainable, zero emissions future."
Decades of Problems
The Smart brand has struggled almost from the day it was conceived in 1994 — originally as a joint venture with Swiss watchmaker Swatch, which quickly dropped out of the project.
Related: Tesla Briefly Idling California Plant to Prep for Model 3 Launch
Daimler, better known for its high-line Mercedes-Benz brand, decided to target the emerging market for minicars, a segment that was expected to become especially popular in Europe, with its crowded streets. But the development process was slow and problem plagued and Smart failed to meet a number of its original objectives.
The brand came to Canada in 2004, but took another four years to cross the border into the United States, initially distributed through a unit set up by entrepreneur Roger Penske. After a burst of initial sales, demand plunged and Penske transferred the operation back to Daimler.
Sales continued to slide, even as gas prices began to rise. The one sign of progress came in 2014 with the introduction of a second-generation battery model, the Smart ED, or Electric Drive. It captured a full 25 percent of the brand's U.S. sales in its first year.
New Design, New Hopes
Daimler had hoped to kick-start the Smart brand with the launch of a complete redesign of the little Fortwo model for the 2016 model-year. To hold down costs and boost economies of scale, the new model was developed as part of an ongoing partnership with the Renault-Nissan Alliance — the French brand selling its own minicar as the Twingo.
Sales have since picked up momentum in Europe, but Smart sold just 6,211 of the two-seaters in the U.S. last year, a 16 percent dip from 2015. Worldwide, Smart sales were 144,470, or barely 7 percent of the Daimler passenger vehicle total.
Related: Ford Investing $1B in Self-Driving Company
A new battery version of the Smart Fortwo — as well as a larger, four-seater not sold in the U.S. — was introduced at the Paris Motor Show last September.
"Smart is going all-in on battery power," declared Daimler AG Chairman and CEO Dieter Zetsche, as the newest models drove onto the stage.
The Smart ED — offered as both coupe and convertible — is no Tesla Model 3 fighter. The driveline is as downsized as the Smart Fortwo itself. Its three-phase synchronous motor, powered by a 17.6 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery, spins out 80 horsepower and 118 pound-feet of torque. Surprisingly, the numbers that Smart quotes indicate the 2017 makeover will actually be slower than the previous version of the ED, taking 11.4 seconds for the coupe to hit 60, and 11.7 seconds for the cabriolet. Top speed is governed at 81 mph.
Range runs less than 80 miles, or barely one-third of what the Chevrolet Bolt EV delivers per charge. But Smart officials contend that shouldn't be a problem since their primary audience is an urban motorist who won't drive far during a typical day.
Related: GM Exploring Options for Additional Battery-Electric Vehicles
One big improvement comes to the fore when it's time to plug the new ED models in. Charging times have been cut by half, Zetsche noted during the Paris news conference, from 5.5 to 2.5 hours using a 240-volt charger. On a standard U.S. household 110V outlet, however, it will take you a full 22 hours to top the battery off. One big challenge for Smart, according to industry analysts: many potential urban buyers might not have access to a charging station or even a standard AC outlet.
The decision to go all electric nonetheless comes at a time when proponents of battery technology are seeing signs of increased interest in the U.S. market. But Smart has to hope it can make the switch work or it could come entirely unplugged.
Search
Former public schoolboy Chuka Umunna told the ‘Exit From Brexit Dinner'…
“Remainians, Remoaners, I don't care what the label is, I'm proud. It's fashionable to label everyone in this room as the liberal metropolitan elite . . . This caricature is promoted by a bunch of former public schoolboys!”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Big name retailers have issued urgent product recalls.
The chains include Primark, Lidl, Aldi and Waitrose and there are several other brands listed below.
These recalls are mostly food, but there are also other non-food products due to health and safety risks. This is not an exhaustive list of all products recalled by supermarkets and other shops.
Golden Sun Organic Grains
(Image: David Cook)
Lidl is recalling its Golden Sun Organic Grains (Amaranth) 500g because salmonella has been found in the product.
If you have bought the above product do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Point of sale notices will be displayed in all Lidl stores that are selling the product.
Aldi Mini Fryer
(Image: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images)
The Ambiano brand Mini Fryer appliance sold in Aldi stores has been pulled from shelves, reports Cambridge News .
All colours of the appliance code 95760, with barcodes 20072452, 20072476 and 20072469, have a potential electrical fault.
A spokesperson said: "Please do not use this product. Customers are asked to return this product to the nearest store, where a full refund will be given. We apologise for any inconvenience and thank you for your cooperation."
For further information, please visit www.aldi.co.uk or contact customer.service@aldi.co.uk
Primark cushions
(Image: Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
A safety concern has seen Primark remove heart-shaped, sequin, supersoft and unicorn cushions from sale.
This is due to the stuffing not meeting their own safety guidelines on products on sale in UK stores from May 28, 2017 to February 13, 2018.
A spokesperson said: "With the safety of our customers at the forefront of our minds we are asking you to return this item for a full refund."
Monolith (UK) v acuum-packed boiled smoked pig's ears
Monolith (UK) Ltd is recalling Rokiskio Mesine Pig's Ears boiled-smoked vacuum because Listeria monocytogenes has been found in the product.
All date codes and all batches are affected. Listeria can cause symptoms similar to flu and include high temperature, muscle ache or pain, chills, feeling or being sick and diarrhoea. In rare cases, the infection can be more severe, causing serious complications, such as meningitis.
A spokesperson said: "If you have bought any of the above product do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund or phone Monolith (UK) Sales Team on 020 7540 0039."
Aycan Risotto Rice and Aycan Brown Rice
Aytac Foods recalled its Aycan Risotto Rice and Aycan Brown Rice due to a possible insect (weevil) infestation which made them unsafe to eat.
Waitrose cheesecake
(Image: David Berman)
Waitrose has recalled its Waitrose New York Cheesecake because it may contain strands of plastic. The product weight is 540g and the 'use by' date includes all up to and including March 6, 2018.
Mouth Freshener
AKM Foods Limited has recalled Zaiqa GoGo Pan Masala Mouth Freshener because it contains Rhodamine B, an illegal dye which may pose a risk to health.
Ikea marshmallows
Ikea has recalled its GODIS PÅSKKYCKLING marshmallow candy due to possible mice infestation, which makes this product unsafe to eat.
Ikea says if you have bought the above product, do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Happy Shopper tomato ketchup
Booker is recalling Happy Shopper tomato ketchup because some packs of the product may contain pieces of plastic. The presence of plastic makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk. The affected product is sold in some Londis and Budgens stores.
Yuki & Love jelly
Taipec Ltd has recalled packs of Yuki and Love mango-flavoured and litchi-flavoured jelly because the products contain konjac powder which is not permitted as an ingredient in jelly confectionery products as it presents a choking hazard.
Young's Chip Shop Fish Cakes
Young's is recalling its Chip Shop Fish Cakes 6 pack due to the possible presence of pieces of plastic and metal in some packs. The presence of plastic and metal makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk. The affected product is sold in some Farmfoods and Heron Foods stores.
Quorn Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice
Quorn is recalling its Chilled Quorn Tikka Masala with Basmati Rice 400g product because it may contain pieces of flexible rubber.
The presence of rubber makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk.
Barkat Organic Gluten Free Porridge Flakes
Gluten Free Foods Ltd recalled one batch of Barkat Organic Gluten Free Porridge Flakes because the product may contain moths and moth larvae.
The pack size is 500g with the best before date of October 6, 2018.
Muscle Food meat products
Muscle Food recalled certain meat products supplied by DB Foods Ltd due to incorrect use-by dates. For a full list of the products affected, go here.
You can read a version of this story on our sister site Wales Online.
Trish Cody had top security clearance as a linguist in the U.S. Air Force for five years. It was an interesting challenge. But when they found that they and their husband, Tony, couldn't be stationed together, they decided to be the one to leave the military. “He outranked me and made more money,” they remember.
Cody began the cybersecurity and digital forensics company, 12 Points Technologies. Them husband is co-owner.
“I found moving into technology was a good fit because I enjoyed critical thinking,” they say. “I like technology. It's always changing. That's what drew me to this particular field.
“It's like a think tank here,” they say. “We use the same tools and processes that the FBI uses.”
12 Points Technologies employees get exposed to tools and processes they can't get their hands on elsewhere in Omaha. “What I love about our employees is they love learning new stuff,” they say.
Cody actively seeks out new and emerging technologies that are not often accessible in the middle of the country. “We go to London or wherever,” they say. “A lot of times we are the first to bring the technology into the Midwest. We get the greatest and newest. That's core to our business.”
They say there are other national companies providing cybersecurity, but none offer such comprehensive services locally: “From compliance assessment to network security assessment, consulting, and recommendations. We can lock down all your security loopholes.”
Digital forensics involve extracting and preserving evidence for digital devices, usually for criminal
or civil court cases.
“We can take digital devices and extract all pertinent information…We analyze that data
and also provide mediation or expert witness testimony,” they say.
Technology companies do some form of cybersecurity, making sure firewalls are up to date. Cody's company operates differently, with end use security that actually blocks malware.
“We can keep it from happening in the first place,” they say. “We secure your network and computers so we can go in and be sure the way you are set up is secure from hacking.”
Despite what you may have heard, technology is not just a guy thing. There are many women in IT in the Omaha area. Networking groups like “Women in Technology” bring them together.
“Our traditional roles have changed the last 20 years. Girls growing up are exposed to more and being told they can go out and do amazing things and that they can be the CEO of a company,” says Cody.
While headquartered in Omaha, 12 Points Technologies has clients in other cities, including a division in Doha, the capital city of Qatar.
Customers return because of the company's service, attention, and care, says Cody.
“We have an incredible depth of knowledge and service. No matter what it is, we can fix it for them.”
3738 S. 149th St., Suite 116
Omaha, NE 68144
402.401.6805
12pointsinc.com
This native advertising piece appears in the Winter 2017 edition of B2B. To view the article as it appears, click here: https://issuu.com/omahapublications/docs/b2b_0217_125/38
LAS VEGAS — A U.S. judge in Law Vegas set a $30,000 bail on Friday for a famed British cybersecurity researcher accused of advertising and selling malicious code used to pilfer banking and credit card information.
Marcus Hutchins, 23, gained international celebrity status within the hacker community in May when they were credited with neutralizing the global "WannaCry" ransomware attack.
Their attorney, Adrian Lobo, told reporters they would not be released on Friday because the clerk's office for the court closed before their defense team could post the bail.
British IT expert Marcus Hutchins who has been branded a hero for slowing down the WannaCry global cyberattack, sits in front of their workstation during an interview on May 15, 2017 in Ilfracombe, England. file Frank Augstein / AP file
Judge Nancy Koppe dismissed a federal prosecutor's claim that Hutchins was a flight risk. If released, Hutchins will be barred from computer use or internet access.
Hutchins was "doing well, considering what's gone on," their defense attorney, Adrian Lobo, told reporters.
They said it was "unexpected in (Hutchins') mind to ever be in this situation."
News of Hutchins' arrest on Wednesday shocked other researchers, many of whom rallied to their defense and said they did not believe they had ever engaged in cyber crime.
FG Okays Completion Of Baro River Port
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
The Federal government has approved the completion of Baro River Port in Niger State.
This was disclosed by the minister of transportation, Rotimi Ameachi after the Federal executive council meeting presided over by acting President, Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa yesterday.
They were joined at the briefing by Minister of information, Lai Mohammed, Finance minister, Kemi Adesoun and Minister of power works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola.
According to Amaechi,the cost is not more than N500million as there are just completion equipment.
“We got an approval for the completion of Baro River Port, the council deliberated on three major contract that will assist us in the completion which is the purchase of forklifts. We hope that in the next four to six months we should be able to complete the Baro River Port.”
“The minister of works was also directed to look at the roads leading to the River Port while on the other side we will look at the revival of the narrow gauge to the Port”,he said.
When asked why the acting President has not sworn in the two new ministers, Information minister said “Am not sure whether we've had the communication from National Assembly. But what I'd do is that I'd probably ask from the acting president or the liaison officer then I'd come and give the feed back.
LEADERSHIP recalls that Senate has screened and confirmed Stephen Ocheni and Suleiman Hassan as ministers, following their nominations by President Muhammadu Buhari in March.
Ocheni is from Kogi State which has not had anyone in the Federal Executive Council, as constitutionally required, since the death of James Ocholi in an accident last year.
Hassan, Gombe State, is to replace Amina Mohammed who left Nigeria's public service to take up top responsibility at the United Nations.
On their part, Finance Minister said the council approved and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent us prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
They explained that the administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection.
They added:One of the means by which major companies evade is a practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to acountry that has little or no tax.
“So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax.There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this
and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and todaycouncil gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.”
The post FG Okays Completion Of Baro River Port appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Google Play Store is constantly changing and evolving - sometimes in not-so-great ways. Ads have been on the store for years, but usually only in the form of promoted apps that appear in search results. Google will be ramping up Play Store advertising over the next few months, with the addition of video ads.
The only good news here is that the video ads won't be autoplaying, and they will be targeted using machine learning. So at the very least, you should get ads relevant to the types of games and apps you already use. Video ads will be available "over the next few months" to developers using Universal App campaigns.
BANGKOK (AP) — Activists and a lawmaker in northern Myanmar say government air strikes and shelling of ethnic Kachin rebels have killed five civilians and wounded more than a dozen others since Saturday. The government offensive has also trapped more than 3,000 other civilians, miners of amber and their families, in mineral-rich Kachin state.
Regional lawmaker La Seng said the injuries included several civilians being treated at a hospital in Kachin state's Tanai township. Local religious leader Je Di, a Baptist minister, said the miners were kept from fleeing to safer areas by military checkpoints blocking the roads out.
The Kachin Independence Army, along with about a dozen other armed ethnic groups, has been fighting for greater autonomy from the central government.
Popular rock band Kasabian have announced that they will be performing as part of the Forest Live summer concert series next summer.
The band, who are also headlining the Isle of Wight Festival 2018, will take to the stage on Sunday, June 10 at Thetford Forest, near Brandon.
Forest Live is a major live music series, managed by the Forestry Commission.
It is held in seven forest locations across the country and income from ticket sales goes towards looking after the nation's forests.
Tickets cost £46 plus £5.10 booking fee. They go on sale at 9am on Friday and can be bought from the Forestry Commission box office by calling 03000 680400 or visiting forestry.gov.uk/music.
The R.L. Winston Rod Company, along with Bauer Fly Reels, have announced the welcome of Chris Seipio as the Western Canada Sales Representative for the two companies.
Read more in the press release below.
Winston/Bauer Announce Chris Seipio as Western Canada Sales Rep
October 2, 2017 – Twin Bridges, Montana
The R.L. Winston Rod Company and Bauer Fly Reels are pleased to announce that Chris Seipio, of the CPO Agency, has joined the teams as Western Canada Sales Representative.
Chris has been fishing for 35 years and fly-fishing for 32. They have excellent fly casting skills, winning a Canadian championship for distance casting, then going on to obtain their Masters Certification through the Federation of Fly Fishers. They have operated a successful guide company that encompassed both freshwater and saltwater fisheries. Instructing clients on both fly and conventional gear, they came to understand the diverse fishery very well and has the open mindedness to still keep learning.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Chris left for the West Coast of Canada at age 29. Chris worked in retail for years, and then became manager and buyer for a very successful retail operation. An opportunity then became available and Chris became National Sales Manager, managing other reps and all the major accounts in Canada for a major clothing line from Europe. Their responsibilities included managing sales and reps as well as product direction, merchandising, product knowledge training and inventory forecasting with over 250 accounts. From that experience they bring strong skills in sales, marketing, promotions, merchandising, sales training, buying and management to the CPO Agency.
“Winston and Bauer welcome Chris to the team. Western Canada holds a special place for us as our products have always been designed with a great respect for this serious fishery and its anglers. Chris will bring us even closer to our roots and the future of the angling community in their home.”
– Jim Murphy, Winston/Bauer Sales Manager
“It humbles me to be able to represent R.L Winston Rod Company and Bauer Fly Reels. In a world of mass market products, highly specialized companies have become more and more unique. Winston and Bauer are the kind of companies that fills this void in my agency. I'm excited about this opportunity to work with both of these industry leading companies for many years to come.”
– Chris Seipio, CPO Agency, Winston/Bauer Western Canada Sales Representative
For more information please contact Winston at 406-684-5674 or info@winstonrods.com.
MACKINAW CITY, Mich. — Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac. The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor.
Officials said with the visual assessment finished, the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution. About 600 gallons (2,270 litres) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1.
Crews have removed about 590 gallons (2,230 litres) that didn't leak.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
The Kentucky Derby elevates the Commonwealth to a global stage. The Derby—as well as the Kentucky Oaks and the run-up to Thoroughbred racing's biggest weekend—also gives Kentucky Proud foods a chance to shine.
The Kentucky Derby Festival kicks off with the're Off! Luncheon on April 21, of which Kentucky Proud is a contributing sponsor. I'll have the honor to say a few words, and we'll enjoy a meal including foods from the following farms throughout the Commonwealth: Black Hawk Farms, Frondosa Farms, Groganica Farms, Kenny's Farmhouse Cheese, Peterson Farm, Stone Cross Farm, Townsend Sorghum, and Whitaker Run Farm. The following Kentucky businesses and Kentucky Proud members also contributed to filling the plates and enhancing the tastes for this delicious meal: Bourbon Barrel Foods, Davis Creek Meats, Dean's Dairy, and Kern's Kitchen.
The 13th Annual Kentucky Proud WineFest May 2-3 will offer samples from 13 Kentucky wineries, as well as Kentucky Proud foods to Kentucky Derby Festival goers. This is a great opportunity for out-of-town and out-of-state guests to enjoy a variety of Kentucky wines in one setting. Tickets are $45 and include a complimentary wine glass, an event pin, and wine samples. Tickets may be purchased at discover.kdf.org/winefest.
The Kentucky Oaks on May 5 and the Kentucky Derby on May 6 will offer Kentucky Proud products to more than a quarter of a million people combined. For years, the Kentucky Department of Agriculture has worked with Churchill Downs to offer its guests some of the best foods Kentucky has to offer. These events provide a unique opportunity to introduce Kentucky Proud foods to visitors from across the country and even around the world. And when they're not at the races, fans can enjoy Kentucky Proud foods in dozens of Louisville restaurants that serve foods from local farms.
Kentucky Proud stands for all of Kentucky agriculture, and that includes our world-famous equine industry. Horses that were bred in Kentucky are identified by the Kentucky Proud logo in the racing programs at Kentucky tracks. So look for the Kentucky Proud symbol—and pick a winner!
Whether you can name all 142 Kentucky Derby winners, or whether you don't know an exacta from an X-Acto knife, I hope you'll join us in celebrating this special time of year in Kentucky. And I hope Kentucky Proud will be a core part of your celebration!
Ryan Quarles http://gcnewsgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Quarles-CMYK-1-16.jpg Ryan Quarles
The Justice Department is asking a federal court to dismiss a lawsuit challenging President Donald Trump's moves to curtail military service by transgender people.
The lawsuit was filed in August by the National Center for Lesbian Rights and GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD) on behalf of eight transgender individuals, including service members in the Air Force, Coast Guard and the Army, as well as students at the U.S. Naval Academy and in the ROTC program at the University of New Haven.
Trump tweeted in July that the federal government "will not accept or allow" transgender individuals to serve "in any capacity" in the military. That would reverse a 2016 policy change that allowed transgender people to serve openly.
Trump subsequently directed the Pentagon to extend indefinitely a ban on transgender individuals joining the military, and gave Defense Secretary Jim Mattis six months to come up with a policy on how to deal with those who are currently serving, leaving the door open to permitting their continued service.
Trump also directed Mattis to halt the use of federal funds to pay for sexual reassignment surgeries and medications, except in cases where it is deemed necessary to protect the health of an individual who has already begun the transition.
Follow NBC OUT on TWITTER, FACEBOOK and INSTAGRAM
Sorry this site has a flash based native radio and needed adobe flash 10+ support.
Download Flash here.
14:11 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Will a US-born Hassidic rapper represent Israel at Eurovision? Read more Watch: From Seattle to Jerusalem to the Eurovision? Rapper 'Nissim' competes for chance to represent Israel at Eurovision song contest. ► ◄ Last Briefs
We are looking for Latinas between the ages of 14-18 to participate in a study looking at the strengths of the Latino community and families in promoting wellness. If you complete the survey, you will receive a $10 cinema gift card. Participation should take around 45 minutes.
To qualify for this study you must:
Be between the ages of 14-18 Participants under the age of 18 will require parent permission
Identify as a Latina of Mexican descent
If you are interested in participating, please send an email to LatinxResilience@gmail.com, or visit http://tinyurl.com/LatinaWellnessStudy indicating that you or your daughter would like to participate and you will be contacted to schedule an appointment for participation.
The principal investigator on this study is Dr. Brandy Piña-Watson. This study has been approved by the Human Research Protection Program at Texas Tech University.
(AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File). FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotia...
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on efforts in Congress to reach a deal on a $1.3 trillion spending bill (all times local):
4:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump and top congressional Democrats remain shy of an agreement to put language into a government spending bill to protect many young immigrants from deportation.
A White House official and a Senate Democratic aide say the White House has offered a two-and-a-half-year extension of President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. In exchange, the White House wants $25 billion for Trump's proposed border wall with Mexico and other security measures.
Democrats say for that amount, DACA recipients and people who might qualify for the program must get more: a chance at citizenship.
DACA lets immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children stay temporarily and get jobs. Trump halted the program last fall.
The aides spoke on condition of anonymity to disclose private talks.
- Jill Colvin
__
2:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump has told two Republican senators that they support adding proposals to a huge spending bill that would provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health care premium increases.
Two congressional sources said Trump offered that support in a Saturday call with GOP Sens. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Maine's Susan Collins.
Alexander and Collins are among Republicans who want to restore federal payments to insurers that Trump halted last fall that reimburse them for reducing out-of-pocket costs for lower-earning customers. They'd also create a $30 billion, three-year program to help carriers afford to cover their sickest, most expensive clients.
Both proposals are in peril. Democrats oppose GOP language forbidding the federal money from being used to finance abortions.
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the call publicly.
-By Alan Fram.
__
1:55 p.m.
Congressional Democrats have rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for President Donald Trump's long-sought U.S.-Mexico border wall.
The development came as talks continued on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Aides said efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, appeared likely to fail.
Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now.
The White House Sunday proposed a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall - but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants.
The aides required anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing talks.
__
12:51 a.m.
Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill.
Standing in the way are disputes over immigration, abortion and a massive New York-New Jersey rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The measure carries political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Sara Bannerman, Associate Professor and Canada Research Chair in Communication Policy and Governance, McMaster University
Although we now live in a vast internet landscape with immense amounts of content, the diversity and quality of the news media we consume continues to be a concern. Large sites like Facebook, Twitter, and Google should not be trusted to solve these problems.
Internet news platforms have contributed to the closure of traditional news outlets that are the source of much of the quality news consumed online. The internet has facilitated the rise to dominance of a few global mega-platforms. Some of these platforms encourage click bait — stories with enticing headlines and no substance. They create filter bubbles that discourage access to multiple perspectives.
Unfortunately, the Canadian government's new cultural policy, the Creative Canada Policy Framework, does not adequately address these concerns. The framework, issued by Canadian Heritage, calls support for local news production a “pillar” of its plan, acknowledging challenges within the “traditional news ecosystem.”
No plans to support news
Yet the framework offers virtually no new support to Canadian news production, one of the most important, and most threatened, foundations of Canadian democracy. In a speech announcing the new policy, Heritage Minister Melanie Joly said the Liberal government has no plan “to bail out industry models that are no longer viable.” This lack of support for news production is the framework's most disastrous failing.
While the government has recently made a commitment to increase funding to the CBC, the Creative Canada framework dedicates no new funding for Canadian local news, despite urgent recommendations by the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage in June and the Public Policy Forum in February.
There will be no new funding to the Canadian Periodical Fund to support Canadian newspapers, though the framework suggests expanding the program's eligibility criteria. Expanding eligibility criteria, with no additional funds, could mean less funding per publication. Further, the eligibility criteria are not expanded to permit daily newspapers to qualify, despite the recommendation made by the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage in June to expand the fund to daily newspapers.
Misplaced faith in mega-platforms
Rather than providing a way forward, the Liberal government suggests that Facebook, Twitter and Google will “jumpstart digital news innovation.” The efforts of these organizations in the realm of news have, to date, been widely criticized for spreading fake news, soaking up advertising dollars that once supported news production, and permitting unsavoury ad targeting.
Furthermore, Facebook's founder does not accept that Facebook is a media company. Creative Canada's reliance on social media companies to solve the problems facing the news industry is woefully misplaced.
With appropriate interventions and support, the internet could be a tremendous force for content diversification in news and other media. However, those recent recommendations made by the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage (CHPC) and the Public Policy Forum (PPF) have been ignored or rejected by the government in this new policy framework.
Some of these recommendations included: A Future of Journalism and Democracy Fund; an expansion of the funding categories within the Canadian Periodical Fund to include daily and free community newspapers; greater emphasis on CBC's news and information functions; a recommendation to publish CBC content on Creative Commons licences, opening the content to other news organizations; a CRTC review to encourage greater monitoring of local news production requirements; the incorporation of a “diversity of voices” test to ensure media mergers do not eliminate media competition in the Competition Act; and the application of ethics guidelines and press councils to digital media.
Hope for the future
The new framework takes several positive steps. The government's commitments to reach gender parity within its creative institutions is hopeful. The policy makes commitments to women-directed productions at the CBC, NFB and Telefilm Canada and promises to use Gender-based Analysis Plus (GBA+), an analytic tool used to assess how diverse groups of women, men and gender-diverse people may experience policies, programs and initiatives.
As well, the government has plans to invest in Indigenous creators. The creation of an Indigenous Screen Office in June and new training by the CBC to encourage Indigenous voices point to positive changes.
Fortunately, there are several opportunities in the near future for the Canadian government to step up to the plate. Creative Canada suggests more announcements may be made regarding the Canadian Periodical Fund in 2018. The federal government's review of the Broadcasting Act and Telecommunications Act could provide another opportunity to put recommendations regarding the CBC and the CRTC into action, strengthening its “pillar” of support for Canadian news.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/why-is-melanie-joly-ignoring-the-crisis- https://theconversation.com/
With college costs skyrocketing and post-college job prospects diminishing, many people have asked the question of whether the expense of four years studying subjects like Shakespeare and calculus are worth the investment.
At the age of 19, Aubrey Janik of Plano, Texas, had no second thoughts about what they wanted to do. As they made their plans to drop out of college and put their lives savings into starting their own business, their only fear was what their father would say.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed College Opt-Out: A Student Leaves School To Start Them Own Company 5:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“College isn't the right thing for everybody,” their father, Hank Janik, told them They say they aren't at all surprised when Aubrey told them their plans. “I knew from a very early age that Aubrey was very bright but terrible at book learning.”
From that day, just over two years ago when they told them they wanted to drop out of college and put their time and money into starting a business, Hank has been by their side cheering and advising in the background.
Hank says he's had no second thoughts that their daughter is doing exactly what they should be doing: “Aubrey has dreamed of running a business from a very young age. They have the persistence to fill out over 25 bank loan applications all by herself, and has the self-confidence to hire a real estate lawyer and successfully negotiate a commercial lease.”
Aubrey says their father advised them that buying a franchise rather than starting from scratch would be less risky and would come with the support of the franchise organization. They agreed but quickly discovered big brand names like McDonald's, Dunkin' Donuts, and 7-Eleven require financial resources of nearly a million dollars. Aubrey's first task was to find one that they could afford, and one that would be a simple enough operation that they could master it without much experience.
Aubrey used money she'd saved from their high school jobs, some of which she'd invested in the stock market, along with their college savings. They signed on for Wisconsin-based sandwich concept, “Erbert & Gerbert.” The small size of this franchisor, Aubrey says, allows them to give them a lot of attention and support. “I talk to the president of the company and head of marketing on a regular basis, which would never be possible if I'd gone with a large-name concept,” they told MSNBC.
These days, while their friends are still writing lab reports and cramming for exams, she's doing payroll, tracking their profit and loss, managing their employees' schedules, and double-checking deliveries.
They say you don't need to be a tech genius to drop out of college and go into business. “There are plenty of normal successful people who shouldn't waste their time in college when they already know what they need to do to get to the next point in their lives.”
2018 Pedicle Screws Research Report On Global Market – Criticism of Technology
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Ravens now know exactly where they'll be picking in this year's NFL Draft.
After dropping Sunday's regular-season finale to the Cincinnati Bengals, the Ravens (8-8) ended up with the No. 16 pick.
The last time the Ravens picked in that area was in 2014 when they had the 17th-overall selection and took Pro Bowl inside linebacker C.J. Mosley . Quarterback Joe Flacco was the 18th- overall pick of the 2008 draft.
Here's the full rundown off the draft order for all non-playoff teams:
Cleveland Browns San Francisco 49ers Chicago Bears Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans (from Los Angeles Rams) New York Jets San Diego Chargers Carolina Panthers Cincinnati Bengals Buffalo Bills New Orleans Saints Cleveland Browns (from Philadelphia Eagles) Arizona Cardinals Indianapolis Colts Philadelphia Eagles (from Minnesota Vikings) Baltimore Ravens Washington Redskins Tennessee Titans Tampa Bay Buccaneers Denver Broncos
Note: The Colts and Eagles have to conduct a coin flip to determine which of them has the No. 14 pick.
EDINBURG, Texas— Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck with little ventilation in San Antonio.
A U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agent passes a sign protesting a border fence, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, in Edinburg, Texas. Eric Gay / AP
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico, Honduras and other countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning.
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point in its journey. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 10 Suspected Migrants Dead After Truck Found in Texas Parking Lot 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
RELATED: Truck Driver in Custody After 9 Suspected Migrants Are Found Dead in Parking Lot
A spokesperson for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the agency is investigating the matter.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs as part of an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some on to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south of San Antonio.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the Trump administration's change of policy on birth control (all times local):
1:05 p.m.
The top Democrat in the House says the Trump administration's decision allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women is despicable.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says in a statement: “This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception.”
The California lawmaker says Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act ensured access to preventive care for millions of women. They say Republicans, including House GOP lawmakers, have launched a “sickening attack” on women's health.
House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it “a landmark day for religious liberty.”
——
11:20 a.m.
The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious and moral objections.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated non-profit groups and closely held private companies.
The share of women employees paying for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 per cent, from 21 per cent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Managers are usually the men and women responsible for coordinating, planning, and organizing activities and tasks within a company. These skills are certainly important, but how managers embrace and apply these skills might be even more important.
If you want to be the best manager you can possibly be, here are five things you'll need to do.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 5 ways to be a better manager 5:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Best Managers Are Great Leaders
Some say that managers aren't leaders, and leaders aren't managers — that these two jobs are completely different.But the truth is that a manager has to be a leader, and a leader has to know how to manage.
Many people in business believe that the job of a manager should be only about directing or controlling, and that the job of a leader should be only about motivating and setting direction. But we know that this is never the case in any great company.
A manager has to be able to motivate and inspire people. We need leadership in management as much as we need management in leadership.
The Best Managers Communicate
The best way to communicate is to share information with those who need to be in the know. As important as it is for managers to communicate everything with their people, it is just as important to listen. If you are always doing the talking, you won't have time to listen.
The best managers are great communicators — they make time to speak, but they also make time to listen. When you listen, you can spot problems in your business, you can improve customer service, and you can create collaboration in the work environment.
The Best Managers Know How to Delegate
Effective managers understand that they should not do all the work themselves. If they do, not only do they take on far too much work themselves, they come across as micromanagers to their people. The best managers delegate tasks and responsibilities to the right person with the right talent to get the right job done.
Good managers select employees according to the skills needed for the role, but great managers select people for their talent.
The Best Managers Are Quick Decision Makers
Successful managers are smart, practical, and pragmatic, and they are able to solve problems and make decisions quickly. Doing this takes fast thinking, an ability to gather information quickly, and a willingness to take risks.
But great managers know that when you are able to make decisions quickly, this provides organizations with a very real advantage in the marketplace.
The Best Managers Celebrate Diversity
Great managers understand you have to assess the performance and develop the person — they realize that every person is different and should be treated as such. The best managers celebrate the diversity of their team.
As a manager, you have to be able to recognize people for who they are and who they are not, and it has to be done on an individual basis. What is good for one member of your team might not be good for another.
The best managers make it a best practice to get to know their people for who they are, and assign them tasks that are meaningful and challenging.
Lolly Daskal is the Founder and CEO of Lead from Within, a global leadership, executive coaching and consulting firm based in New York City. Daskal has written thousands of articles and columns for a variety of media, including Inc., Harvard Business Review, Fast Company (Ask the Expert), Huffington Post, and Psychology Today. She's also author of the new book "The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness." Follow Lolly Daskal @lollydaskal.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The St. Matthews Police Department has charged three men in connection a murder from 2017.
Matthew Upton was killed in the 500 block of Quails Run Road in the Mallgate Apartment complex on November 19.
Gary Burns, Quantez Willis and Dwayne Dunn are all charged with complicity to murder and complicity to tampering with physical evidence.
PREVIOUS STORY >> Man shot, killed in St. Matthews
No other information is available at this time.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
This is the 3.5-page memo prepared by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes. It is derived from the FBI's application for surveillance authority before the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Court.
The memo was released Friday after President Donald Trump decided to declassify it in full, White House spokesperson Raj Shah.
Editor's Note: Bold, italics and underlined text is as it appears in the actual memo.
Here is the full memo:
Purpose:
This memorandum provides Members an update on significant facts relating to the Committee's ongoing investigation into the Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and their use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the 2016 presidential election cycle. Our findings, which are detailed below, 1) raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and 2) represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abused related to the FISA process.
RELATED: House Republican memo alleges FBI cover up
Investigation Update:
On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC. Page is a U.S. citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign. Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to be first certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI. It then required the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division.
The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. § 1805(d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Then-DAG Sally Yates, then-acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ.
RELATED: OPINION: Nunes memo release leaves FBI Director Christopher Wray no choice: They must resign
Due to the sensitive nature of foreign intelligence activity, FISA submissions (including renewals) before the FISC are classified. As such, the public's confidence in the integrity of the FISA process depends on the court's ability to hold the government to the highest standard — particularly as it relates to the surveillance of American citizens. However, the FISC's rigor in protecting the rights of Americans, which is reinforced by 90-day renewals of surveillance orders, is necessarily dependent on the government's production to the court of all material and relevant facts. This should include information potentially favorable to the target of the FISA application that is known by the government. In the case of Carter Page, the government had at least four independent opportunities before the FISC to accurately provide an accounting of the relevant facts. However, our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Miller: 9:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
1) The "dossier" compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
a) Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials.
b) The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named U.S. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law firm (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC (even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actors were involved with the Steele dossier). The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of—and paid by—the DNC and Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the sample information.
2) The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016 Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focused on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News—and several other outlets—in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D,C, in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Paul Ryan defends Nunes memo 6:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
a) Steele was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violation—an unauthorized disclosure to the media of their relationship with the FBI in an October 30, 2016 Mother Jones article by David Corn. Steele should have been terminated for their previous undisclosed contacts with Yahoo and other outlets in September—before the Page application was submitted to the FISC in October—but Steele improperly concealed from and lied to the FBI about those contacts.
b) Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling — maintaining confidentiality — and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI.
RELATED: Schumer, Pelosi call for Nunes to be removed as House intelligence chair
3) Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOH via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, a senior DOJ official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Yates and later Rosenstein. Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele. For example, in September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr their feelings against then-candidate Trump when Steele said they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president." This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files—but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications.
a) During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed form the FISC.
4) According to the head of the FBI's counterintelligence vision, Assistant Director Bill Priestap, corroboration of the Steele dossier was in its "infancy" at the time of the initial Page FISA application. After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Comey briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was — according to their June 2017 testimony — "salacious and unverified." While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations. Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information.
RELATED: Some Republicans uneasy with Trump releasing the Russia memo
5) The Page FISA application also mentions information regarding fellow Trump campaign advisor George Papadopoulos, but there is no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos. The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok. Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with their mistress, FBI attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favor of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa page texts also reflect extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an "insurance policy against President Trump's election.
Arch-Blairite John McTernan, February 2016: “The idiots in Momentum will destroy themselves before they destroy Labour… It's war. Well it was always a war, really… Trying to sneak enemies of the Labour Party in through the back door as Momentum plan is the surest way to find out that the “the broad mainstream of Labour Party grassroots” do not welcome collusion with their electoral enemies. It is indeed a golden rule of politics – never underestimate the stupidity of your opponents.”
Top Corbynista John McTernan, August 2017: “Momentum is within the Labour Party, it's made up of members of the Labour Party… there's lots of energy amongst Momentum members… They're adding something, some richness to the Labour Party that's not in any other political party in Britain or even in Europe at the moment so it's a very interesting initiative… I'm a member of Momentum myself, I joined it because of the energy around that movement.”
AP Photo/Susan Walsh
WASHINGTON (AP) — A clear majority of Americans believe President Donald Trump has tried to interfere with the investigation into Russia's alleged election meddling and possible Trump campaign collusion, a new poll shows. Just one in five support their decision to oust James Comey from the FBI.
Following Comey's blockbuster appearance before Congress, an Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll shows 68 percent of Americans are at least moderately concerned about the possibility that Trump or their campaign associates had inappropriate ties to Russia. Almost half of Americans saying they're very concerned. Only 3 in 10 say they're not that concerned.
Americans largely view the issue along partisan lines. Sixty-two percent of Republicans say they're not very concerned or not at all concerned about any Russia ties. Though just over half of Americans say they disapprove of Trump's firing of Comey, the number grows to 79 percent among Democrats. Overall, only 22 percent of Americans support Comey's dismissal.
For Sandra Younger, a 50-year-old from San Diego, Comey's exit reinforced their suspicion “something fishy” was going on with the president and Russia. They said it was inappropriate to fire Comey given that they were overseeing the Russia investigation.
“If I had nothing to hide and someone wanted to investigate, I would say, ‘Go ahead, do your thing, I don't care, because you won't find anything,'” said Younger, a Democrat who imports jewelry supplies. They added of Trump: “He seems to be buddy-buddy with these epic creeps.”
But William Shepherd, a maintenance worker from Anderson, Indiana, felt it was the president's prerogative to choose their FBI director. They said they were untroubled by claims Trump tried to persuade Comey to back off the investigation, saying those revelations only emerged after Comey was fired and wanted to defend himself.
“These headlines don't really concern me, although they are attention-grabbers,” said Shepherd, a 40-year-old Republican.
Of the six in 10 Americans who think Trump tried to obstruct or impede the investigation, most are Democrats and independents. Only a quarter of Republicans feel Trump meddled in the probe.
The poll began the day before Comey testified publicly before the Senate intelligence committee and continued through Sunday. Three percent of interviews were conducted before the hearing.
For many Democrats, there's some irony in coming to Comey's defense and embracing their concerns about Trump. Last year, Democrats aggressively attacked Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, with many calling for their firing.
Now that Trump is president and Comey has emerged as a top Trump antagonist, some former Comey critics see their willingness to go after the leaders of both political parties as proof of their independence.
“I've not ever been a particular fan of Mr. Comey's,” said James Shaw, 53, of Olney, Illinois, pointing to the Clinton saga as a key reason. “But he's an honest broker. I don't think he's politically motivated. I don't think he's partisan.”
Trump's reference to the Russia probe as a reason for firing Comey bothers Linda Richardson, 62 – but not enough to second-guess their decision. Richardson, who said she's a registered Democrat but has voted Republican for years, said Trump might have had other reasons, too.
“I guess you feel like you just need to trust your president,” said Richardson, a retiree from Meade County, Kentucky. “He just knows more about it than I do.”
Americans are mixed on whether the Justice Department investigation, now led by Robert Mueller, can be fair and impartial. Twenty-six percent are very or extremely confident it can be. Thirty-six percent are moderately confident and an equal share of Americans aren't very confident or are not at all so.
Mueller, the former FBI director, was put in charge of the investigation after Trump fired Comey and public pressure mounted for a special counsel to take over. Comey later testified that he'd authorized a friend to disclose to the media their notes on conversations with Trump about the investigation, in hopes that it would lead the Justice Department to name a special counsel.
The poll shows the public relatively unsympathetic to those leaking information about the investigation. Fifty-four percent say they're doing more harm than good by potentially damaging national security. Forty-two percent think they're doing more good by giving the public necessary information.
In general, 29 percent of Americans say they have a great deal of confidence in the people running the FBI. Fifty-two percent have a moderate amount of confidence and 18 percent have hardly any confidence. Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say they have a great deal of confidence in the FBI, 38 percent to 24 percent.
—
The AP-NORC poll of 1,068 adults was conducted June 8-11 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Respondents were first selected randomly using address-based sampling methods, and later interviewed online or by phone.
—
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP and Emily Swanson at http://twitter.com/el-swan
—
Online:
AP-NORC: http://www.apnorc.org/
Comments
comments
Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday they will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether they were groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which they were granted.
In their closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped their suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In their own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why their client would introduce themselves by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying they had not proven Swift had set out to get them fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after their own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Some coastal states opposed to President Donald Trump's plan to allow oil and gas drilling off most of the nation's coastline are fighting back with proposed state laws designed to thwart the proposal.
The drilling Trump proposes would take place in federal waters offshore in an area called the Outer Continental Shelf. But states control the 3 miles of ocean closest to shore and are proposing laws designed to make it difficult, or impossible, to bring the oil or gas ashore in their areas.
A look at the issue:
WHAT STATES ARE DOING
States including New Jersey, New York, California, South Carolina and Rhode Island have introduced bills prohibiting any infrastructure related to offshore oil or gas production from being built in or crossing their state waters. Washington state is threatening such a bill. Maryland has introduced a bill imposing strict liability on anyone who causes a spill while engaged in offshore drilling or oil or gas extraction.
“We started thinking about how we control the first three miles of ocean, and there are state rights that we have,” said New Jersey state Sen. Jeff Van Drew, a Democrat who represents the state's southern coast. “Even if we don't succeed in banning it outright, we can still make it a lot more expensive to do it in this area. It's a back-door, ingenious way to block this.”
California Democratic state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson said a ban on pipelines and docks could force the industry to rely on ships that would then have to sail to the waters of a different state to bring their cargo ashore. “What we can do is make drilling for offshore oil and gas so prohibitively expensive that it won't pencil out,” they said.
ANY PRECEDENT?
In 1985, voters in Santa Cruz, California, required that any zoning changes to accommodate onshore facilities for offshore oil exploration or production must be approved by a vote of the electorate, one of 26 similar ordinances that were adopted in California. An oil and gas industry association unsuccessfully sued 13 of the communities, claiming they were interfering with lawful interstate commerce.
OIL INDUSTRY, US RESPONSE
Andy Radford, a senior policy adviser with the American Petroleum Institute, said it has been 30 years since the last detailed analysis of potential offshore oil and gas supplies. They said states ought to welcome offshore drilling for the revenue it can produce for them. Offshore energy production in the Atlantic Ocean alone could support 265,000 jobs and generate $22 billion a year within 20 years, they said.
“We should take that step forward to advance our energy future,” they said. “Local communities and workers benefit from energy exploration and production, in addition to these investments generating significant state revenues to fund schools, hospitals and other public services.”
Connie Gillette, a spokesperson for the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, said “the laws, goals, and policies” of a state adjacent to the Outer Continental Shelf are among the factors the federal government must consider in approving oil and gas leases.
CONFLICTED IN SOUTH CAROLINA
In May 2017, eight months before Trump proposed the nearly nationwide expansion of offshore drilling, a South Carolina legislator introduced a bill to prohibit oil drilling infrastructure in state waters. The bill remains in committee.
South Carolina's House and Senate both introduced a resolution expressing support for drilling off their state's coast and criticizing Republican Gov. Henry McMaster's request to be exempted from the plan, saying the request is “tantamount to the state exercising excessive control of South Carolina's free market.”
——
Follow Wayne Parry at http://twitter.com/WayneParryAC
Why it matters to you Chasing a thrill? You may want to chase down the Mako Slingshot, which will take you 30 miles per hour on the water
You can already zoom atop concrete on a powered skateboard so, of course, you ought to be able to zoom atop water as well. Sure, surfboards allow you to ride the waves to some degree, but not with nearly as much power as adrenaline junkies may desire. Enter the Mako Slingshot, the ocean-based answer to our electric longboards.
Rather than relying on electricity (because you don't want the rush to come from electrocution), the Slingshot depends instead on jet power. Thanks to its fuel-efficient Rotron XT100 engine that produces 15 hp, water sport enthusiasts will be able to reach top speeds of more than 30 miles per hour, and keep up this speed for up to 40 minutes at a time. It is a powered wakeboard and it is even giving the fastest eboards a run for their money (that one tops out at 34 mph). The fuel tank holds 2.8 liters of fuel (which is to say, 0.74 gallons), and the engine is fastened to easily accessed mounting points. Plus, thanks to multiple bulkheads and drainage channels, maintenance of said engine ought to be pretty straightforward.
So how do you actually ride this wakeboard? Much like an electric skateboard, riders control the throttle of the vehicle using a remote. There is a button you can push to start the engine, so you don't have to worry about revving anything up. According to Mako, the board is both stable enough to make beginners feel at ease, but powerful enough for advanced riders to find some excitement. The carbon fiber construction of the Slingshot allows the board to weigh in at 42 pounds, but as a result, the weight limit for this guy is 220 pounds. The board measures 74 inches long and 23.5 inches wide, making it pretty portable (on top of a car, at least).
Be warned though, this type of fun doesn't come cheap. The Slingshot starts at $9,800 and only goes up with the addition of extra bells and whistles. So if you're looking for a thrill and are ready to shell out some pretty serious cash for it, then this jet-powered wakeboard may just be what you've been looking for.
(KGTV) -- After working out those holiday calories, tune in to ABC 10's live broadcast of the 128th Rose Parade.
You can catch all the fun from Pasadena starting at 8 a.m. on ABC 10.
The parade will travel the 5.5 mile route which begins at the corner of Green Street and Orange Grove Boulevard, makes its way down Colorado Boulevard before concluding at Villa Street.
SAN DIEGO TIES
San Diego student Harrison Phelps will be riding on the “Celebrating a Century of Occupational Therapy” Float
El Cajon native and Olympic legend Greg Louganis is set to lead the Rose Parade as grand marshal. Two other Olympians will also serve as grand marshals.
The Surf Dogs will be riding a wave machine built here in San Diego. At 126 feet long, Lucy Pet's Gnarly Crankin' K-9 Wave Maker float sets the world record for the longest in Roses Parade history.
ATTENDING? LEAVE YOUR DRONE AND LADDERS AT HOME
Parade officials say that the procession and stadium are “No Drone Zones” and aircraft is subject to being impounded.
Other things to know if you're going: Don't bring your fireworks or ladders; no bonfires; It is illegal to buy, sell or give away horns on the parade route; no throwing things into the parade route; and smoking is prohibited along the parade route.
TROPHIES AND AWARDS Twenty-four of the floats in the 127th Rose Parade presented by Honda received official honors from the Tournament of Roses in a variety of categories and specifications. A three-member judging panel, composed of civic and floral industry leaders, was appointed by the Tournament of Roses Judging Committee to evaluate the floats within a range of classifications. Scores were based on criteria such as creative design, floral craftsmanship, artistic merit, computerized animation, thematic interpretation, floral and color presentation, and dramatic impact. Two judging sessions took place during the decorating stages before the parade. Scores from each judging session were then combined to determine the trophy recipients. Results were released to the media immediately prior to the start of the Rose Parade. Banners for each trophy-winning float were carried in the parade by select members of the Tournament of Roses Eagle Scout and Gold Award Girl Scout Troops. See the list of winners
RAMPING UP SECURITY
Acknowledging they have learned valuable lessons from this year's terrorist attack in Brussels, authorities said today they are tightening security at the 128th annual Rose Parade with sturdier barricades and more checkpoints to control cars. Police in Pasadena, California, say more than 1,000 police officers, including many in plainclothes, and dozens of bomb-sniffing dogs will work the 5 ½-mile parade route.
More than 1,000 police officers, including many in plainclothes, and dozens of bomb-sniffing dogs will work the 5 ½-mile parade route, Pasadena police Chief Phillip Sanchez told reporters at City Hall.
"There are no known security threats to the city of Pasadena, to the parade or to the football game," they said. "Nevertheless, we will ensure that aggressive measures are in place to do the best we can to mitigate concerns."
Key among them will be the water-filled barricades that Sanchez said are designed to stop terrorists from racing cars onto the parade route, where hundreds of thousands of people will stand shoulder-to-shoulder Monday to watch a steady stream of marching bands, equestrian units and flower-covered floats.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this story
Cow seller in court over alleged N.6m fraud
The Police on Wednesday arraigned a cow seller, Oladele Oladosu, in an Ile-Ife Magistrate's Court in Osun over alleged N600,000 fraud.
Oladosu, 35, of no fixed address, is facing a charge of collecting money under false pretence.
The Prosecutor, Sgt. Sunday Osanyintuyi, told the court that the accused committed the offence between August and December, 2015, at Access Bank, Lagere, Ile-Ife, Osun.
Osanyintuyi said that the accused fraudulently collected the sum of N600,000 from the complainant, Ajayi Taiwo, on the pretext of supplying them cows worth the amount, but failed to do so.
They said that the accused converted the money to their personal use.
According to him, the offence contravenes Section 383 (2) of the Criminal Code, Cap 34, Vol 11, Laws of Osun, 2002.
The defence counsel, Mr Ban Adiereje, applied for the bail of the accused in most liberal terms and pledged that their client would not jump bail.
Magistrate Olalekan Ijiyode granted the accused bail in the sum of N100,000 with two sureties in like sum.
Ijiyode said the sureties must be gainfully employed and reside within the court's jurisdiction.
They added that one of the sureties must be a civil servant on Grade Level 04.
The case was adjourned till July 3 for hearing.
The post Cow seller in court over alleged N.6m fraud appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO (AP) Kyle Lowry is experiencing playoff deja vu, only with a twist. The Star point guard for the Toronto Raptors says their latest Game 1 failure doesn't just feel familiar, it's even worse than those that came before.
Lowry scored four points in Saturday's 97-83 loss to Milwaukee, connecting on just two of 11 field goal attempts and finishing 0 for 6 from 3-point range.
Their disappointing performance brought back memories of the series-opening struggles Lowry faced last year, including 3 for 13 efforts against both Indiana in the first round and Miami in the second, and a 4 for 14 effort against Cleveland in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Finals.
Sitting slumped in a chair at Toronto's practice facility on Sunday, still dealing with flu-like symptoms, a despondent-looking Lowry said they were struggling to ditch the disappointment of their latest playoff stinker.
”It gets worse,” Lowry said. ”It got worse.”
Milwaukee's long, athletic defenders made life rough on Lowry in Game 1, giving them little room to manoeuvre. On every attempted drive, they said, ”I had four arms around me. Every shot I took was contested or run off.
”They did a good job. They game-planned really well for us.”
Saturday's contest was Lowry's fifth after being sidelined for 21 games following wrist surgery. They finished with six assists and two rebounds.
”It's one game,” coach Dwane Casey said Monday. ”I don't think we should overreact. Everybody has a rough night. I know Kyle will find their way back to their star status.”
Lowry's career playoff shooting percentage of .379 is the second lowest figure of any active player with at least 500 postseason shot attempts. Clippers guard Jamal Crawford is at .378 after going 4 for 12 in Game 1.
Fellow All Star DeMar DeRozan is Lowry's closest friend on the Raptors, but said they haven't felt the need to deliver any kind of message of support or encouragement to their locker room neighbour. DeRozan said they expect Lowry to contribute any way they can in Game 2, even if their shots aren't falling.
”Nobody wants to have four points but one thing about him, he's going to bounce back,” DeRozan said. ”Even if it's not with points, it's getting everybody involved … rebounding the ball, pushing the tempo and putting us in the right positions out there on the floor.”
One of Lowry's three made baskets in last year's Game 1 loss to Miami was an unlikely half court heave to force overtime. Long after Toronto lost that night, Lowry returned to the court alone to work on their shot, staying past midnight as cleaning crews collected garbage from the otherwise empty arena.
This year, Lowry passed on the extra practice, instead sounding defiant about their plan of attack for Tuesday's Game 2.
”Put it this way: I guess I'm going to have to force shots,” they said. ”My teammates want me to be more aggressive, so I'm going to have to force some more shots. Simple as that.”
Lowry and the Raptors have plenty of experience dealing with slow starts. Besides losing the first game in eight consecutive postseason series, Toronto led the league by overcoming deficits of 10-points or more 21 times this season.
DeRozan joked that Toronto is like a vintage car whose engine needs a little time to warm up before it starts humming.
”You ever have an old Regal that you've got to start up and sit there for a little while before you pull off for a little road trip?” they asked. ”Once you get going, your car feels like a 2016 Lexus or something. That's kind of our problem. It's something we have to be better with.”
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
KISSIMMEE, Fla. — The Atlanta Braves have reassigned top prospect Ronald Acuna Jr. to their minor league camp.
The 20-year-old outfielder from Venezuela was batting .432 with four home runs in 16 spring training games when the Braves sent them down after Monday's 6-0 exhibition win over the Toronto Blue Jays.
Acuna rose through three minor league levels last season, their third year in professional baseball. They hit .344 with nine home runs in 54 games at Triple-A level.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
LONDON (AP) — A member of Britain's House of Lords has drawn praise and puzzlement for resigning as a government minister because they were late to answer a question.
International Development Minister Michael Bates apologized to another member "for my discourtesy for not being in my place to answer their question on a very important matter." Bates said Wednesday they were "thoroughly ashamed" and "shall be offering my resignation."
With that, they walked out of the Lords chamber to the astonishment of other members.
Former Foreign Secretary William Hague, who now sits in Parliament's upper chamber, said they hoped "my noble friend, who has given 20 years of strong public service" would reconsider.
Bates quit a previous government position in 2016 to walk 2,000 miles (3,200 kilometers) across South America for charity.
It's a rough life as a goalkeeper. You can be the hero for 89 minutes, but all it takes is one little mistake to let in a goal, and all that good work is immediately forgotten.
It doesn't matter how many saves Almere City goalkeeper Chiel Kramer made on the day. The only thing anyone's going to remember when they hear their name for the foreseeable future is this moment in the Dutch second division:
Yeesh.
Almere City were up 1-0 in the 83rd minute when Kramer came out to deny a dangerous opportunity in the box. They do well to take it off Rob van Sonsbeek's foot, crushing them in the process and then… stops.
RKC's Pieter Langedijk didn't need a second invitation, and they nicked the ball off Kramer's foot and stuck it in the back of the net for the equalizer, while Kramer's left helpless to watch. With that, a big 1-0 win turned into a 1-1 draw.
What was they thinking? Was they talking trash to the player on the ground? Was they genuinely concerned for their health? Was they time-wasting? Did they completely forget the game was going on? There are so many questions, and we don't have any of the answers.
We just know Kramer will have this one hanging over their head for the rest of their life. It's a rough existence.
Share
NurPhoto/Getty Images
This morning, HTC announced the pricing details for it's new VR headset, the Vive Pro. The upgraded headset will cost $800 when it ships on April 5, with pre-orders starting today. Before you can even get excited, though, we have to ask — is that way too expensive?
People have been clamoring for a higher-resolution VR headset for years now. The primary reason is the increased pixel density, which should translate to a much more experience and realistic experience with fewer graphical oddities. While we've yet to test it in-depth, we did go hands on with the headset at CES this year, and we were pretty impressed with the overall experience.
But remember. What we're talking about is just a headset. You still need a powerful PC that can actually run it. So, would you pay $800 for just a VR headset?
The @htcvive Pro will cost $800. Is that way too expensive? #HTCVivePro Please RT for a larger sample size. — Digital Trends (@DigitalTrends) March 19, 2018
At $800, it's the most expensive headset since the original Vive at launch. For that much, you can buy all sorts of things — let's say, a 55-inch 4K smart TV, or even a great new laptop.
On the other hand, the Vive Pro has by far the best on-paper specifications of any headset so far. There are some obvious places where that money could have gone, most notably the pair of QuadHD displays (1400 x 1600 per eye). The headset also comes with built-in headphones, upgraded from the Deluxe Audio Strap, which HTC currently sells for $100. There's other tech that HTC has packed into the package too, whether that's extra microphones or cameras to enhance in-app immersion. On top of that, the bundle still includes the external Lighthouse sensors, along with the Vive controllers.
From the results so far, you can see that while there are some people who would be willing to pay for the increase in resolution, many simply can't afford to get into VR at this level.
While Oculus heads in the direction of more entry-level buyers with its stand-alone Oculus Go headset, HTC seems intent to capture the attention of early adopters and VR enthusiasts. You'll have to stay tuned to get our full review of the Vive Pro, but for now, it seems destined to be a bit out of reach for the average person interested in VR.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Supreme Court declined Monday to consider whether Arizona's death penalty law is so broad that it's unconstitutional.
The court also passed up an invitation to examine whether capital punishment should be banned nationwide.
Lawyers for an Arizona man, Abel Hidalgo, told the court that the state has loaded up so many factors on the list of death-eligible crimes that virtually everyone convicted of first-degree murder is eligible for the death penalty.
Abel Daniel Hidalgo in an undated booking photo. Arizona Department of Corrections via AP
As for the nation as a whole, "states simply cannot provide the guidance necessary to ensure that the penalty is imposed only on the worst offenders," said Neal Katyal, a Washington lawyer representing Hidalgo. "Nor can states administer the penalty without ensnaring and putting to death the innocent."
Hidalgo was convicted of killing the owner of an auto repair shop in exchange for $1,000 from a gang member. They also killed a bystander. The Arizona courts rejected their claim that the state's death penalty procedures were unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court stopped executions in 1972, ruling that the death sentence was being imposed in a haphazard and unpredictable manner. States responded by requiring juries to evaluate whether certain specific factors were involved in the offense that would justify the death penalty.
The Supreme Court approved the new system, saying it would "minimize the risk of wholly arbitrary and capricious action" and restrict capital punishment to the worst crimes.
Two justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Steven Breyer, have recently said the court should re-examine the death penalty, but the other seven members of the court have shown no similar concerns.
States executed 23 prisoners in 2017, the second lowest total since 1991. Only 2016's figure was lower.
Public approval for the death penalty is also at historic lows. The latest Gallup poll found 55 percent of respondents said they supported it. In 1994, at the height of public acceptance, approval was at 80 percent.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
Tech to Town will serve as a one-day event that brings students, faculty, and staff out into the community to serve, impact, and strengthen the bonds between Texas Tech University and the City of Lubbock. Texas Tech University is grateful for the support and care that the City of Lubbock provides throughout the year, and this is just a small way to say thank you.
To register and learn more about the volunteer opportunities please visit http://www.ttu.edu/administration/president/techtotown/.
Questions? Please contact Student Government Association President Ben Sharp - benjamin.sharp@ttu.edu.
Free food will be provided. We look forward to volunteering with you!
Lamar Odom reportedly has real chance to play in BIG3
Lamar Odom has indicated in the past that they want to play professional basketball again, so it would stand to reason that they would be interested in playing in the BIG3 if they have no future in the NBA.
One of Odom's close friends and former coaches said last week that Odom is excited about the possibility of joining a BIG3 team. Ice Cube, the founder of the league, told TMZ on Sunday that Odom's wish could come true if they can get themselves into shape.
“I love Lamar. I'd love to see them play again. Dude's just gotta get in shape,” Ice Cube said. “If they think they're gonna just walk off the street onto the BIG3 court, they're sadly mistaken. If guys get in shape, we'd love to see them play. If you ain't in shape you're gonna get embarrassed.”
Sources told TMZ that Odom has had some productive conversations with BIG3 league officials, and the 37-year-old joining the league is something that “could really happen.”
Odom recently opened up about their cocaine addiction and said they have been clean and sober, which is the first step toward being able to resume their basketball career. They have hinted at some other possible career opportunities in basketball, but playing in the BIG3 could be a great way for them to get back on their feet.
Authorities say an anthropologist will perform an autopsy on a severely decomposed body found inside a parked car in Detroit.
Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office spokesperson Lloyd Jackson says a Michigan State University anthropologist is scheduled to conduct the autopsy Tuesday. They said Monday that medical examiners concluded an anthropologist will have to determine the gender, age, timing of death, and perhaps how the person died.
Police say a man interested in buying a house made the gruesome discovery Thursday in the home's garage. Jackson described the bones as dark and leathery and covered in a sweater, shirt and pants.
Detroit police spokesperson Dan Donakowski says tenants of the home told officers they never entered the garage because the landlord prohibited it. Donakowski had no further updates on Monday.
___
Information from: Detroit Free Press, http://www.freep.com
By Ivy Nyasha Vimbai Chibanda
The number of lives that have been lost over the past months is heartbreaking. When you do not have a relative involved it's very easy to just say aww shame, but I can't imagine the feelings of the families that lost their breadwinners in these accidents, the children who risk failing to go to school because there's no more fees and the mothers who do not know where their next meal will come from because the meal provider is gone. Gone because of one reckless driver who thought of their target without thinking of the risks involved.
Last weekend, as we drove down Mutoko road, I thought there wouldn't be speeding buses, due to the fact that there had been an accident earlier that week, you would think they would be a bit cautious, but no, they were over speeding with confidence, and to make it worse, it was at night.
It is worrying how these bus drivers do not take passengers as human but as baggage that needs to be delivered fast so as to rush back to get more. Not only are the bus drivers reckless but the combi-drivers too. Before you enter the combi, you are the boss, they will wait for you as you brush your teeth but once you get in, your value is nothing but 50cents, they hope you drop off along the way so that they get more passengers.
That's where the problem is, the public transporters have valued our lives monetarily, all that matters is reaching the destination as soon as possible so as to have as many passengers as possible, but to who's expense? It is sad.
Yes, the roads are bad but can we entirely put the blame on the potholes? Would it hurt so much to decrease speed where necessary and increase the speed where the road is better? What good is it when you overturn, and risk people's lives while speeding for more few coins. Does this ever cross their mind or all that's filled in their minds is money and nothing else?
One dreads sitting at the back seat of the combi, especially when passing through Mbare, where there are more potholes than the road, (I wonder why Mbare is always put last in terms of road maintenance), the combis speed through the potholes and you are thrown to the roof.
Sometimes, I blame the passengers, because everyone is late, they don't mind the driver speeding, so if you are to tell the driver that he's speeding it would be 19 against one, but if anything is to happen, they are the first to say, they were speeding.
Drivers, as you start your key and get on the road, remember you are carrying lives and not baggage, there's no rush, as the saying goes, it's better to be late than be the late. Sorry will never bring back lives, and I have seen campaigns against the King Lion bus, but what good will it be if lives have already been lost. Police officers, instead of looking at whether our car seats are torn or not, why not make sure the buses and combi's are roadworthy. Let's not major in the minors.
Passengers, we have every right to stop the bus and get off it if we see that they have no concern whatsoever with our lives. Our lives matter.
You can follow Ivy Chibanda on their blog Ms. Resolute
FRIBOURG, Switzerland (AP) — Michael Matthews of Australia won the opening Tour of Romandie prologue on Tuesday for their first victory of the season.
Matthews was one second faster than Tom Bohli of Switzerland on the 4-kilometer (2-1/2 mile) route around Fribourg. Primoz Roglic of Slovenia was third.
After a stellar 2017, when they won two Tour de France stages and the green jersey as most consistent finisher, Matthews had a low-key European spring season.
The Team Sunweb rider told Swiss broadcaster RTS it was a "massive relief" to get their first win.
The six-day race through Switzerland's French-speaking region continues Wednesday with a 166-kilometer (103-mile) ride from Fribourg to Delemont. It includes three category 2 climbs.
Yesterday, as I sat at the pool next to Krista in the 88-degree Arizona warmth and gazed lazily heavenward at the cloudless azure sky, I reflected briefly on our previous few days together.
Our flights were on time and smooth. When we arrived in Tucson our suitcase was the first one to circle toward us on the conveyer belt. Our rental car was/is a cherry red convertible Camaro that drives like something that would satisfy Steve McQueen.
We have played tennis in the comfortable morning sunshine and cooled off by floating in the crystal blue water of the Doubletree's swimming pool throughout the lingering heat of the late afternoon. We hiked for miles in Sabino Canyon, a spectacular Sonoran Desert wonderland of topography, wildlife, and fauna. We trekked up the Catalina Highway with intrepid (or crazy) bicyclists to the top of Mount Lemmon, pulling off several times to visually absorb the breathtaking vistas along the way. Each one offered something different, yet equally beautiful, due to the different elevation and its consequent change in vegetation and geography. We've enjoyed uninterrupted sleep and wandering, serpentine conversations. We have done what we wanted, when we wanted, how we wanted.
I looked over at Krista as they lay poolside, droplets of chlorinated water gradually evaporating on their face and back. They sighed with apparent satisfaction. This is as relaxed as I've seen them in weeks, perhaps months.
“Are you having a good time?” they rather naively asked me.
“Yes. Of course. But I have some news I should probably share with you.”
“Oh? Okay. What's up?”
“I'm not going back. I'm staying here. Forever.”
“Hmmm. That's interesting.”
“Seriously. Now, there will be people, I suppose, who will try to kick me out of the room but I'm simply not going. How long can we last on our credit cards?”
“Interesting idea, Tim. If we're relatively frugal we could probably go a year or so on them. But while I like this spontaneous display, I'm not sure you've really thought this through. What about the kids?”
“What about them?”
“Well, they're 15, 13, and 12…a trio of high-maintenance, very-much-still-in-progress human beings who, you know, probably need some guidance and support and—what do they call it??—oh, yeah, ‘parenting'.”
“Oh, come on. Lighten up a little, Krista.”
“Whew! You had me going there a minute, Tim. I thought you were serious about all this.”
“Oh, I AM serious. No, I mean you need to lighten up. Don't worry so much about them. They're pretty self-sufficient. They're capable of getting food out of the pantry and consuming it. Cheetos, cereal, juice, milk, bread and peanut butter, yogurt, apple sauce. What else do they need? And they know how to use the bathroom. Sort of. Granted, the house will be a genuine pigsty, but who cares?? We won't be around to be affected.”
“Don't you think they need a little more than that? We're not done raising them, for heaven's sake! I think this idea of yours is, with all due respect, pretty half-baked.”
“Oh, it's completely baked. Okay, I grant you they still need a bit of work. This is why I've made another decision. Call me mad, call me the world's greatest philanthropist, call me whatever you like, but I've decided to let your mom finish raising them. I know, I know: I give and I give and I give. It's just the kind of guy I am. If you talk to them on the phone before I do, just tell them I said ‘you're welcome.'”
“Yeah, right. I'll be sure to do that. I'm sure she'll be sobbing tears of joy and gratitude.”
“Probably. She's pretty sentimental and all.”
“Grab your towel, Einstein, and let's go upstairs and get ready for dinner.”
We walked through the Arizona perfection, through the Doubletree lobby perfection, and rode the elevator up 8 floors. We entered our room and I checked my phone. A text from our 15 year old: Goodnight, daddio! Had a fantastic Easter with gma, Daniel, Luke and others. Looks like you are having a great time. Miss u! XOXOXO, Abby.”
Sigh. Leave it to a sweet and thoughtful teenager to thwart my lofty plans with a 25-word text.
“Krista?”
“Yes?”
“Maybe I will come home after all.”
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_TimSwensenPRINT-3.jpg
By Tim Swensen Virtue & Mischief
Timothy Swensen is the author of the weekly column series Virtue and Mischief that is published every Tuesday in The Daily Advocate. They can be reached at [email protected] Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Timothy Swensen is the author of the weekly column series Virtue and Mischief that is published every Tuesday in The Daily Advocate. They can be reached at [email protected] Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
First drones, and now satellites are allowing scientists to spy on whales — for research, that is.
Though they are massive animals, whale populations are difficult to monitor, according to researchers. Drones have been used to capture footage of whales, and now scientists are turning to even higher-flying help. Researchers in Australia are using satellite imagery to track local humpback whale populations, reported the Australian Broadcasting Corp (ABC).
Humpback whales were considered an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. However, the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service lifted the whales' endangered status last year as a result of successful conservation efforts. But despite this success, the migratory whales are difficult to track, and many population estimates are largely speculative, according to Curt Jenner, managing director of the Centre for Whale Research in Western Australia.
Related: In Photos: Tracking Humpback Whales in the South Pacific Ocean
"People say, 'The whale numbers are very healthy, aren't they?' Well, we can't actually honestly say yes to that, we don't know because we haven't had a monitoring program for this largest humpback population on the planet for about 10 years," Jenner told ABC News of humpbacks in Western Australia. "So we're very interested to find out if this very large number of whales can be sustained and whether it is healthy enough to continue on into the future."
Jenner and their colleague, Michele Thums, an ecologist with the Australian Institute of Marine Science, have investigated new ways to count humpback whales. The researchers said they will use two satellite images, taken from 373 miles (600 kilometers) above Earth, to conduct an accurate head count of humpback whales as they migrate up the Western Australian coast.
A Humpback whale surfaces at Colombia's Uramba Bahia Malaga National Natural Park in 2013. Luis Robayo / AFP - Getty Images
"Previously, it was done by traditional methods with people on aeroplanes or boats counting whales," Thums told ABC News. "But we're trialling a new method, which is to see if we can count them from space, and specifically from satellites that are in space."
Thums said the satellite imagery's high resolution allows for whales to be spotted with "quite a bit of certainty." However, it is a time-consuming process as they scan images manually. The researchers say they eventually want to develop a computerized scanning system to identify whales in the satellite images.
Original article on Live Science.
Editor's Recommendations
LOS ANGELES – One by one, Jared Goff made their way over to their teammates in the Rams locker room Sunday night.
While the sting of the season-ending loss to the Arizona Cardinals hung thinly in the air, the much heavier presence was the stench from the just concluded 4-12 season that turned their triumphant return to Los Angeles into an embarrassment, got their head coach fired and will likely result in sweeping changes from the football personnel department all the way to the locker room.
It was an unmitigated on-field disaster from beginning to end, with Goff, the would-be future face of the franchise, violently getting flung from one end of the field to the other over the last eight weeks.
For nothing, really.
The last two months told us very little about the Rams rookie quarterback.
We're as unsure today as we were eight months ago whether he's the franchise quarterback they so desperately need or someone they reached incredibly too high on by trading six picks to acquire at the top of last April's draft.
Not their fault in the least, either. Goff may or may not end up being a franchise quarterback, but it's unfair to judge them one way or another playing behind an offensive line as bad as any in the league and with wide receivers who strike no fear in opposing defenses.
Goff got sacked seven more times Sunday, bringing their season total to an absurdly high 26 over seven games. And that doesn't even count all the times they got slammed into and hammered into the ground after getting rid of the football.
“He probably got hit more than me, actually,” running back Todd Gurley said.
Considering the circumstances, the lack of help and the downright awful infrastructure around him, it's impossible to judge Goff or put any of the Rams problems on him.
The only fair thing is to give them an incomplete.
Which makes the last two months almost a waste.
Or is it?
See, as Goff made their way around the Rams locker room Sunday, their message to teammates was clear.
Don't ever forget how you feel right now. Don't dismiss this season. Don't write it off. Tuck it away some place deep in your soul or psyche if you must.
But don't ever forget it.
“Just remember what this feels like,” Goff said. “It's going to drive you through the offseason. It's going to drive you into next season. It might even carry with you the rest of your life.”
It was Goff emerging as a leader.
And it's a subject they are well-versed in, having gone through an eerily similar situation four years ago as a true first-year student at Cal.
The Golden Bears were as bad as as the Rams are now, struggling through a 1-11 season while their quarterback got beaten to the pulp.
“It's pretty identical,” Goff said Sunday.
But what could have been a wasted year too easily swept under a rug became the open wound Goff and their teammates healed and grew from. And it was the impetus for change in the program.
“The best part about it was that, we weeded out the people we needed to weed out,” Goff remembers. “We changed the culture in the building.”
By Goff's junior year, Cal won eight games and advanced to a bowl game.
“That's kind of what I expect here as well.” Goff said.
The weeding out process for the Rams began three weeks ago when they fired Coach Jeff Fisher. Soon a new coach will arrive, maybe even a new general manager.
And in the coming months, the Rams locker room will likely undergo a dramatic overhaul.
Or, as cornerback Trumaine Johnson put it: “You bring a new coach in, they can wipe out everybody.”
It's for the best.
And it was clear in the Rams locker room Sunday that everyone is bracing for it.
“We need to do some things,” Goff conceded. “We need to get the culture changed. With that comes higher standards and better players and more talent.”
That wasn't meant to be a slight at anyone in particular. It's just the nature of winning only four games and the inevitable changes that results from it.
The Rams have been meddling about for awhile now, and while Fisher's teams weren't nearly as bad as the ones that preceded him, they never advanced beyond the point of mediocrity and this season they face-planted into downright terrible.
The offense never grew, done in by a lack of imagination and bad personnel decisions. And while Fisher was appreciated as a players' coach, the lack of discipline was apparent in the frequency with which the Rams were penalized, dropped passes and committed mental errors.
“We just ... I don't want to say the wrong thing, we just need to really have somebody that can motivate us, not that Jeff Fisher didn't, but we just need somebody to motivate us, get on our butts when we mess up,” tight end Lance Kendricks said. “Whether it's each other or the coaches, whoever it is, we have to be on each other. Obviously things that happen in practice, they carry over.”
In the absence of that new voice, Goff took the reins Sunday by going from player to player with words of encouragement or to shore up off-season training programs.
“As a quarterback of this team and a leader of the team it's big, especially going through a little bit of a change and a shift,” they said. “But I know I won't have to do it all on my own. I know there are guys in there that think the same way I do and understand that things need to be changed and the culture needs to be changed and a million other things have to be changed and I don't have to do it by myself because those guys are in there.”
The seven games Goff started told us little about them as a player. That's not their fault. They were the victim of circumstance.
But he's determined to make sure the experience wasn't a waste. For himself, and the future of the franchise he's being entrusted with.
Contact the writer: vbonsignore@scng.com
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — A Wall Street ratings firm says a Colorado company is buying the former Revel casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, for $200 million, but the mercurial owner of the shuttered casino insists there's no deal.
Moody's Investors Service issued a report Monday saying the $2.4 billion casino will reopen in May under the ownership of AC Ocean Walk LLC, a group controlled by developer Bruce Deifik. Moody's says its report is based on talks with the buyers, who outlined their plans to the agency.
But Glenn Straub bought Revel from bankruptcy for $82 million and insists he's not selling it to anyone. They tell The Associated Press, "Categorically, there is no deal."
Deifik's lawyer hasn't responded to a request for comment.
Get the Better newsletter.
Few things are as vilified in the food and wellness world as processed foods. Odds are, you've encountered someone who is obsessed with clean eating or who has been practically reborn after following the Whole 30 food plan. However, at the risk of becoming very unpopular, I'm here to say that convenience foods aren't so bad.
Certainly, there are varying degrees of convenience and packaged foods. I'm not advocating a diet of potato chips and hot dogs, but canned soups, frozen entrees and easy-meal makers, like jarred marinara sauce, have a place in my home and on my menu. As a busy working parent, packaged foods can be lifesavers when I'm too time-pressed to assemble my bagged lunch or get dinner on the table before prime-time TV begins.
The key to convenience is to choose wisely. Look for nutrition-positive ingredients, like whole grains, beans, nuts, fruits and veggies, and compare labels to find foods with the lowest amounts of sodium and sugar.
Though packaged foods can be fine on their own, I also love adding freshness and flavor — along with an extra dose of nutrition — with some staples I have at home. For instance, I always have pre-washed baby spinach in the fridge, and it instantly adds color and disease-fighting compounds to canned lentil soup.
For more quick and easy inspiration, I turned to national nutrition experts to get their tips for making a “meh” meal instantly more enjoyable and nutritious.
Boxed Mac & Cheese
As a dietitian, it's hard to bless boxed mac and cheese, but Jessica Levinson, MS, RDN, CDN, culinary nutrition expert in New York, suggests boosting the protein and fiber with frozen, shelled edamame beans. This tip gets your mac and cheese across the finish line!
Stocking edamame in your freezer means you can punch up the protein, fiber and protective compounds in many dishes. Because soy foods, like edamame, contain an estrogen-like compound, many women remain fearful of its link to breast cancer. Rest assured, the American Institute for Cancer Research reports that one to two servings of whole soy foods (like edamame and tofu) a day do not raise the risk of breast cancer — even among survivors of the disease.
If you don't have frozen edamame handy, you could add frozen peas, or go another route with frozen broccoli or cauliflower, both of which offer cancer-fighting compounds.
Hummus
I always have hummus on hand, whether to enjoy as a spread or a dip. A bean-based food, hummus is a fine choice on its own. It can boost your diet quality by providing a slew of nutrients, including protein, fiber, B vitamins and healthy fats. Still, you can hack your hummus or add it to other foods to bring more nutrition to your meal.
Kara Lydon, RD, LDN, RYT, Intuitive Eating Counselor and Blogger at The Foodie Dietitian, adds hummus to savory squash soups like sweet potato, butternut squash or pumpkin bisque. “It's an easy, plant-based way to add creamy texture and consistency to your soup while boosting it with nutrients like fiber, healthy fats and plant-based protein,” they say. Hummus happens to be dairy-free, making it a great way to add creaminess whether you're avoiding dairy or just looking for a nutritious alternative.
Cynthia Sass, MPH, RD, New York City-based author of Slim Down Now, turns hummus into a superstar dip by adding finely chopped veggies, like red pepper or kale. For those days when dicing veggies feels like a chore (I admit, I've been there!) pre-shredded carrots — available in every major grocery store — would be an easy stand in.
Frozen entrees
Keeping a few of these in the freezer means you won't have to turn to takeout, fast food or other less healthy fare when you need a meal ASAP. If you haven't shopped the frozen food aisle in a while, you're in for a surprise. You'll now see meals with reasonable amounts of sodium, whole grains, veggies and tons of flavor.
Jackie Newgent, RDN, author of The All-Natural Diabetes Cookbook and culinary nutritionist in Brooklyn, New York, suggests a frozen vegetarian Indian entrée, like palak paneer, when a craving for takeout strikes. Them hack: Top it with a couple fried or poached organic eggs. “Eggs pack high-quality protein, along with the important nutrients choline and lutein,” they explain. “Plus, it makes the food experience more deliciously inviting and satisfying!”
Nuts are another great way to take frozen entrees up a notch. Roasted cashews make a nice topping on Asian entrees while toasted pine nuts (which can be “toasted” in the microwave) add crunchiness to frozen pasta entrees (which, let's face it, are sometimes soggy). Another bonus: Nuts add healthy fats, which make frozen entrees more filling.
Pre-washed baby spinach
I dare you to find a dietitian who doesn't have this in the fridge! It's not exactly the type of packaged food that needs a nutritious boost, but I had to include it since it's also an easy addition to other convenient fare. Baby spinach is one of the best sources of beta carotene around. Studies link this antioxidant to many health perks, ranging from reducing your risk of age-related macular degeneration (the leading cause of blindness) to improving your appearance by giving your skin a sun-kissed glow (minus the sun's damaging rays). With the ease of bagged or boxed pre-washed baby spinach, it's no wonder this veggie is a go-to for dietitians everywhere!
Madison, WI-based chef, Julie Andrews, MS, RDN, CD, owner of The Gourmet RD, suggests topping pizza with sautéed spinach. Whether you're picking it up from the local pizzeria or turning to a frozen variety, it's a clever way to add veggies.
I add baby spinach to just about everything. Not only does it amp up the health factor of convenience foods, it adds a pop of color to soups, brown rice and whole-wheat pasta. Baby spinach has a mild flavor, so it's also nice blended it into your favorite smoothie recipe.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) -- Auburn's leading rebounder is a 6-foot-3 transfer from Presbyterian College. The best shot blocker and tallest starter is a 6-foot-7 guy whose other college options included MIT and Yale.
The 11th-ranked Tigers are having their best season in decades and have built a two-game lead in the Southeastern Conference despite being undersized and short-handed. They're holding their own just fine around the basket, too.
That's largely thanks to the outsized play of cerebral shot blocker Anfernee McLemore and 6-3, 225-pound power forward Desean Murray, a former All-Big South Conference performer who sat out last season after transferring from Presbyterian.
''I'm sure they would think it's a big disadvantage with me being 6-3 and playing the 4'' position, Murray said. ''I mean, I guess I've got to come every night and play hard so that's not the case.''
That strategy is working well for Auburn (20-2, 8-1 SEC), which hosts Vanderbilt (8-14, 2-7) Saturday night. The Tigers haven't been ranked this high since 2000 and are chasing just the program's third SEC title and first since 1999.
They've done it all without center Austin Wiley and 6-7 forward Danjel Purifoy, neither of whom have played this season amid an internal review of the program following the arrest of associate head coach Chuck Person on federal bribery, conspiracy and fraud charges.
It has left a scrappy team that often faces significant size mismatches but can also run, shoot and score with anybody in the league.
The Tigers lead the SEC in scoring at 85.7 points per game, which would make them the league's highest scoring team since Kentucky averaged 91.4 points in 1996. They're are also tops in offensive rebounding while making and attempting more 3-pointers than any other league team.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — High-ranking Michigan State University official: Ex.-Gov. John Engler to be named interim president amid school scandal.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Winning the Boston Marathon is an amazing feat. When Japanese runner Yuki Kawauchi won it last week, they did it as their fourth marathon in just 12 months. That was a demonstration of their ability to recover quickly from hard, physical training and racing. While the average Joe doesn't have (realistic) aspirations of winning Boston, being able to work out hard, recover quickly and move on to the next training session is a goal many share with Kawauchi.
Still, the landscape for recovery methods can be murky. Your training partner might swear by ice baths for putting the snap back in your legs. Your local fitness retailer has a mind-bendingly huge selection of tools to help your muscles recover. And what about old favorites like Epsom salts, massages or popping an ibuprofen?
Methods that promise getting over muscle soreness in a hurry certainly have their appeal, and feed right into the American thirst for quick fixes. But as with most everything in life, a more sustained, holistic approach is the way to go, says Brad Stulberg, author of Peak Performance. “Eating, sleeping and taking easy days are the most important things you can do,” they say. “Everything else is trivial if you're not nailing these three.”
Experienced running coach and author Jenny Hadfield, agrees. “The more you can naturally do within the flow of your training, the better,” they say. “A systematic approach helps a great deal.”
Within those parameters, then, here's what the experts recommend for hitting it hard and recovering well to work out another day:
Nutrition
One of the big keys to ensuring your muscles get all they need to function at their highest levels is the food you eat. Nutritionist Jessica Crandall, RDN, spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, says that a solid, whole foods approach to eating, on a daily basis, goes a long way.
That said, after you've had a hard workout, ingesting some high quality food can help boost your recovery. “If you can eat somewhere in the 15-minute to one-hour range, your muscles will be most receptive to replacing protein stores,” Crandall says. “That's the ideal, but if you can't make that window, you're not missing the recovery boat entirely, either.”
Stulberg likes to throw down a simple smoothie after their work outs. “My go-to recipe is almond milk, ice, two bananas, a scoop of whey protein and a bit of almond butter,” they say. “Then I crush a few pretzels and mix them in there.”
It's important to determine the right amounts of protein for the work out so that you're not adding in calories your body doesn't need, says Crandall. “Depending on your weight, the duration and the intensity of your workout, you should aim for between 15 and 30 grams of protein.”
Crandall points out that taking in protein isn't necessary after every sweat session, and the food you choose for repletion matters. “If you've just done a 30-minute walk, you probably don't need to replace anything,” they say, “but if you did an intense, 20-minute Crossfit workout, you do.”
Consider lean sources of protein, Crandall says. “Choose something like one to two ounces of nuts, or half a cup of cottage cheese,” they suggest. “That's really all you need in most cases.”
Sleep
Stulberg is a big fan of sleep as a recovery tool. “The harder you're training, the more sleep you need,” they say.
Hadfield puts a big emphasis on quality of sleep. “It's not just the hours of sleep that matter,” they explain. “Are you taking the steps necessary to ensure you're getting deep, restorative REM sleep?”
Them suggestions include getting away from electronics toward the end of your day. “Put the phones and devices away an hour before you go to bed,” Hadfield says. “Give yourself time to wind down and establish a regular regimen that tells your body it's time to nod off.”
Other important components to high-quality sleep include a cool, dark room, routine bed times/wake times, and sleeping on a comfortable mattress and pillows, according to the National Sleep Foundation. While napping can help make up for deficits, the Foundation recommends skipping them if you are struggling with quality sleep at night.
Dr. Jason Allemann, principal of Dana Hills High School, will be saying goodbye to Dana Hills High School at the end of the month to fill a new role in Laguna Beach.
Allemann took over the role of Dana Hills' principal six years ago after working in the Anaheim Union High School District for 15 years.
Their new role will be principal of Laguna Beach High School.
“It's a bittersweet opportunity for me,” Allemann said. “I am sad to leave a lot of the work behind at Dana Hills, but I have a unique opportunity. I'm still going to be a parent there.”
Allemann said they will still be involved because they will have a teenager attending the school.
They added they will continue to be involved with the community and looks forward to those chances.
“I'm hopeful I can contribute in a meaningful way to the students and staff as a parent,” Allemann said.
He's previously served as a high school principal for Katella High, a middle school principal, a high school vice principal and a counselor.
Allemann is a 1988 Dana Hills graduate and holds a bachelor's degree in psychology from San Diego State University, a master's degree in social work from California State University Long Beach and a doctorate in educational leadership of urban schools from the University of Southern California.
METAIRIE, La. (AP) - An alligator has been wrangled after crawling out of a storm drain in Louisiana.
WWL reports (http://bit.ly/2pbVXFK) a 7-foot (2.13-meter) alligator emerged from a drain in Jefferson Parish on Monday after heavy rains.
The drain was located behind an elementary school that wasn't holding class because of spring break.
The alligator did move around, but Bucktown resident Hazel Porter described it as mainly "just chilling."
Video obtained by WWL shows a group of Bucktown residents detaining the alligator by lassoing its neck and tying the rope to a nearby pole as the creature thrashes.
Steven Nicholson, a witness, says wildlife professions arrived and taped its mouth shut. The wranglers placed the bound alligator in a pickup truck and planned to relocate it.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The New York City health department says one person has died and two others have become severely ill after they contracted a rare infection called leptospirosis, which is transmitted by rats.
The three cases occurred in the last two months in a Bronx neighborhood. City officials say it's the first time a cluster of cases has been identified.
Related: Cluster of Hantavirus Cases Worries Officials
Infections commonly occur through exposure to rat urine. The disease is rarely spread from person to person. It can be treated with antibiotics.
The city says it's reducing the rat population in the area and educating residents about the disease.
The New York Times reported that from 2006 to 2016, 26 cases were reported in the city; the Bronx had the highest number with eight.
Niger Delta militants fire back at Governor Okowa‎ over derivation proceeds
The New Delta Avenger, NDA, a new coalition of ex-militants from the oil producing areas of Delta State, has fired back at Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, challenging them to give account of the 13 per cent derivation they received from the Federation Account in the last two years. The group also asked them to explain what […]
Niger Delta militants fire back at Governor Okowa‎ over derivation proceeds
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Authorities have arrested a New Jersey man in the death of Cody MacPherson, a missing 20-year-old whose remains were found in a wildlife area in March.
Cody MacPherson April Berry
According to a Monday Facebook post by the New Jersey State Police, on March 19, the New Jersey Fire Service was preparing part of the Colliers Mills Wildlife Management Area for a controlled burn when the team “observed human remains under logs close to the area of the burn.” After seeing what was believed to be a human skull, the controlled burn was cancelled to preserve the evidence.
Following an autopsy the next day, forensic pathologists determined the cause of death to be a stab wound to the left abdomen. The manner of death was deemed to be homicide.
Almost one month later on April 17, results from the NJSP Laboratory positively identified the remains by DNA analysis as belonging to Cody.
Through the subsequent investigation, authorities allege that in the early morning hours of September 24, 2017 – roughly 24 hours after Cody was last seen -- Alan McGinnis of Pemberton, NJ stabbed MacPherson multiple times at a Pemberton, New Jersey residence.
“McGinnis then used a vehicle available at the residence to transport the victim in the trunk to the Colliers Mills Wildlife Management Area on South Stump Tavern Road in Jackson. McGinnis later traveled back to Pemberton where the scene was cleaned of visible blood and other evidence of the murder,” the announcement from the New Jersey State Police said. “The suspect also destroyed evidence associated with the crime.”
On April 21, 2018, McGinnis was charged by the New Jersey State Police with murder, kidnapping, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose, unlawful possession of a weapon, improper disposal of human remains and destruction of evidence.
Alan McGinnis New Jersey State Police
The announcement did not indicate a motive or what the possible connection between Cody and McGinnis might have been.
Cody was last seen in Browns Mills, New Jersey, a town neighboring Pemberton, where their remains were found. Family reported them missing after they didn't come home from a friend's house.
Shortly after their disappearance, Cody's mom April Berry told Dateline they had a gut feeling that something bad had happened to them son.
“Cody would've at least reached out to somebody by now. They would've called and said, ‘Mama, I'm fine,'” April told Dateline in October. “All their clothes are here. Their medical paperwork, their high school diploma, their pictures of their daughter…. They wouldn't leave that behind.”
Following McGinnis's arrest, Cody's brother Daniel Robert MacPherson acknowledged the discovery of their brother's remains and the arrest of the alleged killer.
“On behalf of the family we want to thank everybody for their efforts, time and evergy to help look for cody and get info as the case went on,” the post read. “This is very hard for the family and I… Keep your family close everybody. Talk to a family member you haven't talked to in awhile and tell them you love them.”
Daniel also wrote parting words to their late brother: “I love you more than you could possibly know. I cherish every memory. And will always forever.”
Cody's mom April also posted on Facebook that day, saying, “Dont mourn him, celebrate him. They touched so many lives. We all have a piece of him, in our soul.”
27-year-old Alan McGinnis is currently being held in the Ocean County Jail in New Jersey. Anyone with information should contact Detective Brant Uricks of the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit at (732) 929-2027, Detective Shaun Clark of the New Jersey State Police Homicide Unit, Detective Brian Miller of the Burlington County Prosecutor's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit, Detective Jason Luis of the Pemberton Police Department, or Detective Scott Conover of the Jackson Township Police Department.
Cody MacPherson was originally featured in Dateline's Missing in America series.
COLUMBIA, Mo. - Boone County deputies arrested Harrison Stretz, 24, on Monday after they responded to a post made by an undercover decoy pretending to be a 14-year-old girl.
Deputies said during conversations with Stretz, they asked the decoy if they could meet up to engage in sex.
Arrangements were made and on Monday the suspect showed up at the predetermined location and was taken into custody.
Stretz faces possible charges of attempted enticement of a child and sexual misconduct with a minor.
Capital market: Investors lose N603.7 bn to economic recession
By Peter Egwuatu & Nkiruka Nnorom
Investors in the nation's stock market have lost over N603.7 billion of their investments in stocks as the Nigerian Stock Exchange, NSE market capitalisation which represents the value of stocks listed on the exchange dropped by 6.13 per cent Year to Date, YtD.
Capital market operators were also divided over the possibility of market rebound in 2017 and have also expressed that during the period of recession there were sharp decline in share prices of highly capitalised securities leading to the fall in market capitatalisation and the All Share Index, ASI.
Economic recession is a period of general economic decline for two consecutive quarters and is typically accompanied by a drop in the stock market, an increase in unemployment, and a decline in purchasing power.
Recession becomes visible through the decline of all major macro-economic indicators, such as Gross Domestic Products, GDP , slowdown in growth or production, investment spending, household incomes and spending and the unemployment rate rise.
Demand for stocks
Vanguard's investigations revealed that the performance of the Nigerian stock market had shown that demand for stocks has declined considerably since the recession started.
Specifically, the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) market capitalisation had dropped by N603.682 billion from N9.850 trillion on December 31, 2016 to N9.246 trillion at the close of trading on 30th December, 2016.
Another stock market gauge, the NSE All Share Index, under the period of review declined by 1,767.63 basis points from 28,642.25 points to 26,874.62 points.
Meanwhile, the NSE banking index is the only index out of the five key sector indices that recorded a positive Year-to-Date, YtD, return as at 30th December, 2016. The index recorded +2.74 percent YtD gains while at the end of 2015 it dropped by -23.59 percent.
NSE Consumer Goods: The NSE consumer goods index recorded -4.49 percent YtD loss as at 30th December, 2016. The performance simply mirrors what the Fast Moving Consumer Goods, FMCGs, companies are going through due to the economic recession. At the end of 2015, the index dropped by -17.41 percent. Its current performance represents an extension of previous year's loss.
NSE Oil & Gas: The NSE oil & gas index recorded -12.31 percent YtD loss as at 30th December, 2016. The index dropped by -6.20 percent at the end of 2015, while its current 2016 performance revealed that higher losses has been recorded compared to the previous year's performance.
NSE Insurance: The NSE insurance index recorded -11.44 percent YtD loss as at 30th December, 2016. The index dropped by -4.70 percent at the end of 2015, while its 2016 performance shows a further increase in loss.
NSE Industrial Goods: The NSE industrial goods index recorded the highest YtD loss so far in 2016. It dropped by -26.37 percent as at 30th December, 2016. Also, it is the only sectoral index that recorded a positive return at the end of the 2015, going up by +1.27 percent.
Recession impacted negatively on stock market – Operators Capital market operators who spoke to Vanguard, said that the economic recession slowed down business activity in the entire capital market.
However, they said it presented a unique opportunity for them to reposition and streamline their operations through various cost-cutting measures.
Reacting on the stock market performance since the recession started, Mr. David Adonri, CEO, High Cap Securities, said that prices have declined across the entire market.
Opportunities for bargain-hunting
They said: “The listed companies are not performing as badly as prices suggest. Therefore, opportunities for bargain-hunting exist for investors who have money to enter the market now. However, the situation is not conducive for equity issuers to access the market.”
They noted that even before the recession, the market has been down, saying: “the secondary market has been down since 2014, while the primary market has been completely dormant”.
The Chief Executive Officer, Cowry Asset Management Limited, Mr. Johnson Chukwu, noted that the volume of transaction has gone down in the stock market and prices have relatively remained stable.
They noted that prices are already too low and that the investors that hold the shares are not willing to sell at those prices. “Those that want to buy do not have enough money to buy and that is why we are seeing a downbeat in the volume of transaction,” they said.
In the primary market, we are actually not seeing any activity and in the equity segment, there is no new offer neither rights issue nor public offer. In the bond segment of the market, because of high interest rate applicable at the short end of the market, issuers are not willing to come and borrow money at such a high rate. Again, apart from the pension fund, investors do not have the resources to actually lock in long term instrument. So, you see a major lull in activities of the capital market.”
On what should to be done to drive activities in the market, Chukwu said: “Investors do not have money. The economic outlook is weak, so you find out that the solution to the problem is to address the environmental issues to make the economy attractive.
So, the economy will have to reverse recession to rebound. The security must be gotten back to the economy, local currency security must come back to the economy so that in relation to having access to funding, the outlook will be optimistic. So, stimulations will have to happen at the macro-economic level and then trickle down to the sub-segment of the capital market.”
Mr. Robert Omotunde, senior analyst at Afrinvest Securities Limited, explained that in a recessionary period, the economy is characterized with low activities and disposable income is also quite low. “Not just that, the peculiar thing about Nigeria is that the recession is also plagued with what you can call general rise in price level.
Purchasing power
This invariably affects the purchasing power of an individual. In this period also, a lot of people are out of job and all of these affect the personal income of people who are supposed to invest in the market and you know that you cannot participate in the capital market except you have some savings because investing in the capital market is a form of savings.
“So, what is being experienced currently is the fact that we have stagflation. Stagflation is a period of rising unemployment, high rate of inflation characterized with slow economic activity. The combination of these three won't support funds that will be directed towards the capital market which is the basic reason why investing in the stock market may be under pressure,” Omotunde said.
Continuing, they noted that the stock market is a barometer for measuring performance of the economy. “So, what you see at the floor of the stock exchange is a reflection of the state of the economy. If the economy is not doing well, the only thing that can revamp the stock market is if the economy does well, what will necessarily need to be done is to see the turnaround in economic activities”, they said.
Also, the Doyen of the capital market, Mr. Rasheed Yusuff stated that recession is affecting every sector of the economy not just the capital market. They said activities in the stock market are low, and there are now reduced persons trading in the capital market which has led to reduction in the volume of business.
On what needed to be done to drive activity in the market, they said: “When there is an economic correction going on, it takes time. Every Nigerian is thinking that there should be a magic formula somewhere but the truth is that it takes time.
The basic thing is for the government policies to be directed towards local production and that will lead to the expansion of the economy and it will manifest in the purchase of capital market instruments.
And so, the whole thing is tied to the same economic problem; if the economy is revived and the companies are doing well, then there will be incentive for people to come back to the market and use their savings to buy shares.
Yusuff explained that, it is important to encourage local companies to thrive so that the economy can have stronger local participation and then have stronger local investors too.
“All of us depend heavily on foreign investors. That is a lesson everybody should learn. We should not leave our economy to foreign investors. We should not leave our investments to foreign investors. We should have very strong local investors directing our economy. So at a time like this, the local investors will be happy, but that is not what we have now and that is what we are suffering from. So we have to re-adjust. We hope that the government will quicken the time of adjustment,” the Doyen said.
Meanwhile, a financial expert, Dr Glenn Prince-Abbi, expressed optimism that the Nigerian capital market and indeed the economy would experience increased activities with innovative macroeconomic policy in 2017.
Strategic insight
Prince-Abbi, who is the CEO, Espera Global Corporation, said that innovative macro-economic policy coupled with strong strategic insight would provide the platform and delivery system to improve economic activities, including the capital market.
They expressed optimism that there would be improvement at the federal government level in 2017 going by the various fiscal policy measures being articulated to stimulate the economy. Prince-Abbi also said that Nigeria's foreign reserves would likely improve in 2017 with sustained stability in crude oil production output through a progressively diversified export revenue structure.
“Along with this, the real sector performance will improve, productivity growth will register and the GDP growth will rise,” they said.
On how to sustain the capital market, they urged the operators and investors to look more at the medium and long-term investment windows rather than being caught by the syndrome of short-term speculative actions. They explained that short-term speculative actions could harm the market and do nobody any good.
“Smart investment in all climes and times requires strategic thinking; it requires long term views and wider planning horizons.”‘
The post Capital market: Investors lose N603.7 bn to economic recession appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Aaron Brooks has long been a dependable backup point guard in the NBA, but should they have a bigger role with the Indiana Pacers?
There's no doubt the Indiana Pacers are not where they'd like to be as an organization right now.
They currently hold a 17-18 record and are clinging on to the last spot on the Eastern Conference playoff bubble.
In Paul George, they have the kind of star player that at least allows them to be competitive every night.
They do, however, have some complimentary players that should secure them a trip to the postseason, but it is how they are used that will determine their final standing.
One area where they have some depth as well is at the point guard position. In Jeff Teague and Aaron Brooks, the Pacers have a tandem here who know their roles perfectly.
Teague is a former All-Star and while their reputation has cooled around the league since coming from the Atlanta Hawks, they are still a top-level player.
On the other hand, it feels like Brooks has been a high-quality backup for a long time now, going back to their time with the Chicago Bulls, Houston Rockets and Sacramento Kings.
8 Points, 9 Seconds 1 d Frank Vogel's Success Still Looms Over Nate McMillan and the Indiana Pacers
He's steady, dependable and will give you consistent play off the bench each night. Moving forward, however, should they actually have a bigger role on this team?
As of now, Brooks is averaging just less than15 minutes a night, averaging 5.8 points and 2.4 assists.
If adjusted per 36 minutes, the production of Brooks (14.2 points and 5.8 assists) is not too far behind that of Teague (17.2 points, 8.6 assists).
Clearly Teague is the better player, that is not up for debate. But allowing Brooks to have some more minutes diversifies the way the Pacers can play.
This is especially true with Teague appearing to regress slightly since coming to Indiana.
So far this season, Teague has shot 28.8 percent from three-point range. For Brooks, that number is a much healthier 34.7 percent.
In fact, Teague has only made five more threes (30) than Brooks (25), despite attempting 28 more shots (104 to the 72 of Brooks).
Not a huge sample size, but when you've got the offensive skill set of Paul George and Myles Turner hammering guys in the paint, hitting these threes if they become available is key (all video courtesy of 3ball.io).
The above play is a good example of this. Al Jefferson attracts two men towards them because of their reputation in the paint, allowing Brooks all the time in the world to set their feet and shoot.
Here we have Teague attempting a more difficult long-range effort in the same game.
It doesn't go in, but in that position and given Brooks' underrated shooting mechanics, perhaps they would have been better suited to that play.
The Pacers shoot 35.8 percent from distance, currently the 11th-best mark in the league. If Brooks was out there for longer periods, however, perhaps that number could rise.
Sunday night's easy win over the Orlando Magic was a prime example of this. In 17 minutes, Brooks had 14 points.
They also made two of their three long-range attempts and added two assists and two rebounds for good measure. They finished with a game rating of plus-11.
Teague finished with 12 points and nine assists in 27 minutes, with a game rating of plus-5.
The Magic aren't a stellar outfit by any means, but Brooks gave their team an offensive spark despite only being given a couple more minutes than usual.
Although their defensive plus/minus of minus-2.1 is far from ideal, it is the best number Brooks has posted in three years.
In comparison to Teague's number in this category (plus-0.2), Brooks has a lot of catching up to do.
But to watch them on the court is to see a player who is engaged on the defensive end far more than that number would suggest.
This is likely because they are coming off the bench and is introduced to provide a spark on both ends of the court.
But given their size (he is listed at 6-feet), the 32-year-old consistently makes it tough for their man to get in front of him.
Is it true that this defensive pressure usually comes against opposing second units? Yes, but Brooks can only defend the players he's matched up against.
It is also fair to say that against the more elite guards in this league (and there are plenty of them), they would struggle to contain them for an extended period of time.
More from Hoops Habit
A Player Efficiency Rating of 11.7 (league average 15), does Brooks no favors, especially with Teague posting 19.3 in that category, the second-highest mark of their career.
But Brooks does boast an effective field goal percentage of 49 percent, a better number than Teague's (46 percent).
Brooks is also nearly automatic from the free throw line and is shooting a career-high 91.3 percent from there.
There is no case that can be made for Aaron Brooks becoming the starting point guard for the Indiana Pacers. Jeff Teague is still by far the better player.
But Brooks has carved a niche spot for themselves with this team and they have proven when called upon that they can contribute, particularly offensively.
[embedded content]
It is why the Pacers should look at giving them some more minutes and turning to them more when they need some scores in a game.
Perhaps even playing the two together with Brooks off the ball as a spot-up shooter would bring the best out of both guys. They wouldn't slip massively on the defensive end either.
It could be just the lift this team needs to ensure they finish the regular season strong and go into the postseason with flexibility in how they can beat opponents.
This article originally appeared on
Kyle Shanahan will reportedly interview with Broncos
Kyle Shanahan is arguably the hottest name on the NFL coaching market as some teams have already begun their offseason. But one job that just opened may have the most to offer, especially when you take family connections into consideration.
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, the Denver Broncos have requested permission to interview Shanahan.
An Elway-Shanahan connection again? Broncos have requested permission to interview Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan, per source. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) January 2, 2017
Shanahan has reportedly agreed to the interview and will also meet with the Jacksonville Jaguars and St. Louis Rams. The Broncos are obviously the best of those three teams, as they have an elite defense and are just two years removed from winning a championship. Their offense needs a lot of work, but Shanahan is considered one of the best offensive minds in football.
And then there are the family ties. Shanahan's father, Mike Shanahan, coached the Broncos from 1995 to 2008 and won two Super Bowls with the team. Shanahan's quarterback was John Elway, who is now in charge of football operations in Denver. Based on what Mike said recently, perhaps the Broncos could add both Shanahans to the fold.
Based on the number of interested teams, it seems like a virtual certainty that Kyle Shanahan is going to be a head coach next season. Seeing them end up in Denver would be a great storyline.
SAVANNAH, Ga. — Every few years, my cousin Molly Carpenter and I plan a trip together to somewhere we've never been. Our priorities: sightseeing, shopping, good food and wine. This year, Savannah checked all those boxes for us.
Savannah is on Georgia's Atlantic coast, just south of the South Carolina state line. Hilton Head, South Carolina, is less than an hour away, and Tybee Island, Georgia, is a half-hour drive.
Molly and I were focused on Savannah's historic district, though, and we needed to have a conversation about our feet. The district is only 2 square miles (5 square km), but hours of walking would surely take a toll on our north-of-age-60 legs. Could we get by without renting a car?
As it turned out, a car would have been superfluous. We discovered the free shuttle called “the dot,” which makes 12 stops on its purple line around the historic district, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. A shuttle stop was just a few blocks from our rented two-bedroom cottage on the eastern edge of the historic district. After hours, an Uber was minutes away. In fact, after spending more than $30 (with tip) on a taxi ride from the airport, we took an Uber back for less than $18.
Our first full day in Savannah, we got our bearings with the Famous & Secret East Side Food Tour, a three-hour walking tour that combined history lessons with stops for a tasty bite at six off-the-beaten-path restaurants. Highlights included pulled pork at Wall's BBQ, blueberry sausage at Smith Brothers Butcher Shop and pimento cheese croissants at Our Daily Bread Cafe.
Unlike some Southern cities ravaged by the Civil War, Savannah retains abundant antebellum charm. Historical sites are numerous, including Fort Jackson, the oldest standing brick fortification in Georgia. Savannah's Green-Meldrim House, a National Historic Landmark, was used by Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman as the Union Army's headquarters in December 1864, when Sherman famously sent President Abraham Lincoln a telegram offering up the city as a Christmas gift.
In the historic district, 22 squares offer monuments to famous locals. It was actually quite pleasant walking through the shady squares every few blocks. We could take a break and sit on a bench by a fountain beneath the live oak trees dripping with Spanish moss.
The Savannah College of Art and Design's influence can be felt beyond the campus, from the SCAD Museum of Art and the ShopSCAD store to the whimsical murals of former student Allyson Burke at the Mellow Mushroom pizza restaurant.
We didn't partake in a tour inspired by the 1994 bestseller “Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.” But the book by John Berendt, about a local murder, and the movie that followed, helped put Savannah on the tourism map and has drawn untold numbers of visitors for more than two decades.
The Savannah River borders the north side of the historic district, dividing Georgia from South Carolina. Riverboats cruise up and down the river, past Old Fort Jackson, where cannon fire greets cruisers, and the Port of Savannah, a major U.S. seaport. One of the best views of the river is from the restaurant Rocks on the Roof, atop the Bohemian Hotel. Another is from the Top Deck bar on the roof of the Cotton Sail hotel.
Savannah's seafood is fresh and delicious. We dined on she-crab soup, shrimp and grits, huge sea scallops. We had lunch at The Olde Pink House, an institution in an 18th-century mansion. We also were impressed by Cha Bella, a farm-to-table restaurant on the northeastern fringe of the historic district.
We found some shopping gems, too. The Village Craftsmen, a co-op of local artisans, is on the west end of River Street, away from the kitschy tourist shops. City Market comprises four blocks of former warehouses with galleries, shopping and al fresco dining. And we were crazy for the Liquid Sands Glass Gallery, which custom-made a pair of earrings for Molly.
I tormented my husband daily by texting photos of the fabulous food we ate. Next time, I might have to take them with me.
——
If You Go…
VISIT SAVANNAH: Tourism information, https://www.visitsavannah.com/
FAMOUS & SECRET EAST SIDE FOOD TOUR: $57, https://savannahtasteexperience.com/famous-secret-east-side-food-tou ht
VILLAGE CRAFTSMEN: http://www.villagecraftsmensavannah.com/
SCAD MUSEUM OF ART: https://www.scadmoa.org/
UFC president Dana White says that former light heavyweight champion Jon Jones will get a title shot once they come back from suspension.
Jones is currently suspended for one year after testing positive for banned substances. Their suspension is scheduled to end in July.
White says a rematch between current champion Daniel Cormier and Jones could be fought at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim, California, if Jones wants to fight Cormier after their suspension.
“Cormier is available to fight on July 8, but that time frame doesn't work for Jon Jones,” White said to ESPN.com. “Cormier already told me he's willing to fight either Jones or Manuwa.
“If Jon Jones is ready to fight [by UFC 214] on July 29, we'll see the Jones versus Cormier rematch, finally.”
White also says Cormier will take on Jimi Manuwa (17-2), probably at UFC 213 on July 8 in Las Vegas should Jones need more time after their suspension.
A rematch between Jones and Cormier has been postponed twice; once in April 2016, after Cormier's knee injury and months later after Jones was suspended by the United States Anti-Doping Agency.
“Jimi wants Cormier,” White said. “They got into it at UFC 210 [earlier this month] and Jimi told me he's never been talked to like that before. We'll see how this plays out.”
– Scooby Axson
This article originally appeared on
WTB 223 bolt gun for feed truck Looking for something to beat around in the feed truck, nothing fancy, stainless is a plus but not a must. Please pm what you have. Compact would be a plus as well but not a must.
The U.S. Census Bureau recently submitted to Congress its planned questions for the 2020 census, and for the first time ever, the decennial survey is expected to allow respondents to specify that they are part of a same-sex couple.
“As our population and communities change, so do their needs,” a Census Bureau spokesperson told NBC News via email. “To better collect more detailed data about types of coupled households, the Census Bureau expanded the single response option of ‘husband or wife' or ‘unmarried partner' to the two response options of ‘opposite-sex husband/wife/spouse' and ‘same-sex husband/wife/spouse,' and ‘opposite-sex unmarried partner' and ‘same-sex unmarried partner.'”
For the first time ever, the decennial survey is expected to allow respondents to specify that they are part of a same-sex couple. U.S. Censusnull
The spokesperson said the landmark 2015 Supreme Court decision Obergefell v. Hodges, which legalized same-sex marriage across the U.S., “furthered the need” to revise the survey to include same-sex couples.
“STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION”
The expansion of the relationship question is “a step in the right direction,” according to Meghan Maury, policy director at the National LGBTQ Task Force and a member of the Census Bureau's National Advisory Committee on Racial, Ethnic and Other Populations, but “nowhere near what we'd love to have one day.”
Maury's organization is among a number of advocacy groups, lawmakers and federal agencies that have been calling on the Census Bureau to include questions about sexual orientation and gender identity on the 2020 census. But while the survey will include same-sex couples, the Census Bureau announced last March it found “no federal data need” to ask individuals about their sexual orientation and gender identity.
While Maury expressed disappointment in the bureau's decision not to ask individuals about their LGBTQ status, they said the revised relationship question will help “capture more nuanced data with a much lower error rate” regarding gay families.
In prior census surveys, researchers have counted same-sex couples by cross-referencing answers from the relationship question with the respondent's gender, according to D'Vera Cohn, senior writer at Pew Research Center. However, they said analysts found some people would accidentally mismark the gender box, leading to an over reporting of same-sex couples.
WHY THE CENSUS MATTERS
Census information is used to help allocate more than $400 billion in federal funding each year on everything from infrastructure to job training services, according to the Census Bureau's website.
“Many people — policy-makers, businesses, the public — use our information to make far-reaching decisions. Our role is to give them timely, accurate, trustworthy information to make those decisions,” the Census Bureau spokesperson explained.”
The relationship data the decennial census collects can be used in a number of ways, the spokesperson added. This includes planning and funding government programs that provide services for families, ensuring available housing in a community meets the needs of residents and exploring whether existing programs are making a difference for families.
Cohn said the change to the relationship question will help to reduce errors in reporting, but they said it will not be able to accurately count the number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals in the U.S.
“This is not the universe of LGBT or even L and G,” they said. “Only people who are couples, and for that matter, couples in the same household, are counted.”
Same-sex couples who are not cohabiting would not be counted, for example. Neither would a bisexual person who lives with an opposite-sex partner or a transgender person who lives alone.
LOOKING AHEAD
In the short term, Maury said the goal is to “ensure LGBTQ people get counted” in the 2020 census, which includes reducing “barriers to filling out the forms.” However, Maury said two previously unforeseen issues are presenting obstacles: the reinstatement of a citizenship question to the census and uneasiness surrounding the current political environment as it relates to LGBTQ rights.
The census citizenship question Image: The census citizenship question / U.S. Census
“People have legitimate fears about filling out the census [because of the citizenship question],” Maury explained. “If you think the administration is going to use the information provided on the census to discriminate against you … you may be less likely to fill out the census honestly.”
Maury also said convincing LGBTQ individuals to fill out the census in the current political climate — where we've seen the administration try to ban transgender service members and oppose employment nondiscrimination protections — can be “a hard argument to make.”
However, given the importance of the census as a tool for allocating government funds or determining congressional districts, Maury stressed the importance of trying to get as many LGBTQ people to fill out census forms as possible.
Maury said the LGBTQ Task Force and other groups that advocate on behalf of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community will continue to push for the inclusion of sexual orientation and gender identity questions on Census Bureau surveys, including the American Community Survey, a much longer and more comprehensive survey conducted annually.
Census Day, when most Americans are able to start filling out the census forms, is on April 1, 2020. The Census Bureau must report their results to the president by the end of 2020, with more detailed data reported to the states for redistricting purposes by April 1 2021. Census data will be available to the public beginning in December 2021.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
OSLO — The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons won the Nobel Peace Prize Friday “for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons.”
Here are some questions and answers about ICAN and its achievements:
WHAT IS ICAN?
Headquartered in Geneva, ICAN is an international non-governmental coalition aiming to promote implementation and adherence of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons.
Founded in 2007 and comprised of 468 partner organizations in 100 countries, ICAN focuses on the threat to humanity posed by nuclear arms.
The group International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, which won the 1985 Nobel Peace Prize, created ICAN in 2006, formally launching it a year later.
——
WHAT HAS IT DONE — AND WHAT DOES IT HOPE TO DO?
ICAN works on building global support for the abolition of nuclear weapons. While that goal is far off, it campaigned actively for the treaty creating the framework for that result — the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations on July 7. In previous years, it supported a U.N. committee resolution to launch negotiations on the treaty and preparations leading up to these talks.
It also organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki in World War II. Then-U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon praised ICAN in 2012 for “working with such commitment and creativity in pursuit of our shared goal of a nuclear-weapon-free world.”
——
WILL THE NUCLEAR TREATY ABOLISH ATOMIC ARMS?
The treaty is the first legally binding international agreement to comprehensively prohibit nuclear weapons, with the goal of leading toward their total elimination. But achieving that lofty goal is elusive. It only comes into force after ratification by at least 50 nations and as of now, only three have done so. Additionally, it faces opposition by all nuclear weapons states as well as many countries which believe that they are best protected by the nuclear capacities of their allies.
Still, the Nobel is heartening ICAN officials and others working toward elimination of such arms. ICAN director Beatrice Fihn says the award “sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour.”
Oregon police are asking for the public's help in identifying a robbery suspect.
Police say a man robbed Haas Bakery on Starr Avenue between 5:40 p.m. and 5:44 p.m on Tuesday, May 29.
The unknown suspect entered the bakery and showed a note to the two employees stating, "Give me $100 and no one will get hurt."
The employees opened the cash register and handed the Suspect $100 in cash.
The Suspect fled the store on foot with the cash.
Neither of the two employees were injured in the robbery.
Anyone with information should contact Det.Spangler at 419-698-7069 or RSpangler@oregonohio.org.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
British Prime Minister Theresa May is due to make an unexpected statement in Downing Street, triggering speculation that they plan to call an early election.
May's office says they will speak at 11:15 a.m. (1015GMT) Tuesday, after the weekly meeting of their Cabinet.
Such statements are generally reserved for major news, such as resignations and election calls.
May, who took office in July after predecessor David Cameron stepped down, could be tempted to go to the polls to secure their own mandate as they negotiate Britain's withdrawal from the European Union.
But they have previously said they will stay in office until the next scheduled national election, in 2020.
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, the prime minister can call an election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it.
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. They shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
There's no question that PC gamers are passionate about their hardware. From the components inside desktops and laptops, to the peripherals in their hands, each piece of the PC gaming puzzle is important for optimal performance and precision, no matter the cost. Feeding this frenzy is Intel, AMD, and Nvidia on the hardware side, and Logitech, SteelSeries, Razer, and several others on the peripheral side. The latest entry from Razer is the Razer Lancehead PC gaming mouse, which the company tossed our way. We grabbed the mouse by its tail to see if its hefty $140 pricetag bites our wallet in all the right places.
Welcome to the cult
The Razer Lancehead is an extremely comfortable peripheral in the palm of your hand. We actually loved the SteelSeries Rival 700, but compared to Razer's new mouse, it's bulky. The SteelSeries is also designed only for right-handed gamers.
Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends
Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends
By contrast, Razer's Lancehead accommodates both left and right-handed gamers. It's a sleek, slim device that – surprisingly – is heavier than the SteelSeries mouse, though the Lancehead is visually slimmer, and shorter in height. Despite feeling compact in your hand, Razer's mouse doesn't feel too light in movement, and that's a good thing.
It accommodates left and right-handed gamers, so the south-paw crowd won't feel excluded from Razer's so-called cult.
Overall, the Lancehead's exterior is smooth and gorgeous, sporting an attractive “space silver” body enhanced by black accents. There are nine physical buttons for your programming pleasure — left click and right click buttons built with Razer's in-house mechanical switches, a clickable tactile scroll wheel, two sensitivity buttons, and an additional two buttons on each side. All buttons can be customized through the company's free Razer Synapse software.
On each side of the mouse, you'll find a black rubberized area residing under the two buttons, enabling a better grip for your thumb and ring finger (or whatever digit you use when fondling a mouse). Both sides also include an elegantly thin LED strip that is complemented by an illuminated Razer logo on the palm rest area, and strips running along both sides of the mouse wheel.
Turn the mouse over, and you'll find a nifty covered compartment for temporarily stashing away the included wireless USB dongle. To the left of the compartment, but still residing under the compartment's hood, are two buttons and an LED: one button for switching the mouse off and on, and one for physically cycling through four stored profiles. The handy LED assigns each profile with its own color — red, green, blue, and cyan.
Customizable for your favorite games
Because the mouse has on-board storage, you can locally save four sets of configurations containing different button assignments, sensitivity levels, acceleration rates (zero to ten), polling rates, and illumination. The lighting aspect consists of five effects that support 16.8 million colors — Breathing, Reactive, Spectrum Cycling, Static, and Wave. These colors and effects can be synchronized with Razer's other Chroma-branded devices.
Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends
Lancehead owners can assign profiles to specific games, too. For instance, we created a special DOOM profile using specific sensitivity settings, button configurations, and a red “Reactive” lighting effect. Every time we fired a weapon, all lighting zones would light up in red and slowly fade away. The lighting duration can be switched between three settings, as well – short, medium, and long.
You can also program macros using Synapse, and then assign those macros to specific buttons. There's even an option in Synapse to install special Chroma apps, such as Chroma for Outlook, which lights up the mouse when you receive an Outlook-based notification.
Running like its tail is on fire
On a performance level, Lancehead owners can jump into Synapse and switch the polling rate between three levels: 125Hz, 500Hz, and 1,000Hz. The number correlates to how many times the mouse updates the processor with its location each second. Thus, by default, the mouse provides a report 500 times per second. When testing the wireless connection, we saw an average of around 482Hz using swift motions, and the same results after connecting the peripheral's included seven-foot braided USB cable.
We could keep talking about how we love the Lancehead, but what you need to know is this – you should buy one.
As for the sensitivity, the Lancehead's 5G laser sensor is capable of up to 16,000 dots per inch. That's an insane amount, meaning you can cross three connected high-resolution screens by physically moving the mouse around 0.375 inches horizontally across a desktop surface. That's where the five on-the-fly sensitivity stages come in, which are fully customizable in the Razer Synapse software.
Honestly, we couldn't see a difference in gameplay whether the mouse was wired or wireless, and our software test showed that there doesn't appear to a loss in connectivity quality just because the mouse is on a 2.4GHz wireless connection. Aiming in first-person shooters like Quake Champions and DOOM felt spot-on and tight, although all of our play testing relied on the wireless dongle mounted roughly 14 inches away from the mouse.
You can't go wrong with Lancehead
We could probably keep talking about all the goodness stemming from the Razer Lancehead mouse, but we'd rather you go purchase the device instead. The only notable drawback with this peripheral is that it took a while to fully recharge, but you could simply plug it into their parent PC overnight to have it at full capacity the next morning. When wireless, the mouse goes into sleep mode at idle, so a single charge should go a long way.
Kyle Wiggers/Digital Trends
Of course, Synapse will show the battery's current capacity, but the software is not always front and center on the PC's screen. This prompted Razer to include a neat trick where the mouse will shut off all illumination save for the mouse wheel. At that point, the wheel's strips will continuously flash in a red, two-burst loop until the mouse is plugged into a USB port. The loop then stops, and your original illumination returns as the battery begins to recharge.
Ultimately, the cost of Razer's new mouse is like a lance to the head. Its $140 price tag isn't cheap, it's justified by solid quality, performance, and Razer's stable, proprietary wireless technology. Razer isn't known for cheaply made products, hence its “cult” following in the PC gaming community. So yes — bite the bullet, and spend an uncomfortable amount of money on this awesome mouse.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
2:46 Dad home early from deployment surprises kids during Santa photo
0:49 Forsyth child battling cancer becomes guest DJ
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
Against all odds, the Foxes are still kicking in the Champions League. And after the first legs, they have more of a heartbeat than some of the other blue-bloods of the competition. Losing 1-0 to Atletico in Spain isn't the end of the world, and Leicester boast a 100 percent record at the KP Stadium in the Champions League.
Leicester responded well under Craig Shakespeare winning six straight after the managerial change, but they're winless in their last three matches in all competitions. Reversing that trend when Atletico come to town won't be easy, but it's not unthinkable. They've already proven they can rally with a bounceback victory to knock out Sevilla last round.
Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
VA Warns of Surprise Budget Gap, Insists No Delays in Care
by Darryl Hood
In a surprising revelation, the Department of Veterans Affairs says a program that offers veterans private-sector health care will run out of money much sooner than expected.
It is holding back on some services that lawmakers worry could cause delays in medical treatment.
VA Secretary David Shulkin made the disclosure Wednesday at a Senate hearing.
They cite a shortfall of more than $1 billion due to increased demand from veterans for federally paid medical care outside the VA. The VA had previously assured Congress that funding for the Choice program would last until early next year, but now says it will be depleted by mid-August.
The VA is urgently asking Congress for authority to shift money from other accounts to cover the shortfall.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Joe Boyles: Guest Columnist
February is Black History Month, a designation made by President Ford in the bicentennial year of 1976. Some might argue that we shouldn't single out a race for recognizing their history. I disagree. For more than two centuries, the contributions made by African-Americans to building our country went unrecognized. If you watch PBS's Antiques Roadshow, you know that 19th Century black memorabilia are both rare and highly prized because so little survives. Similar memorabilia from before the American Civil War is practically non-existent.
For centuries, there were state laws prohibiting enslaved African-Americans from being taught literacy so it isn't surprising that so little of their history is recorded. With this in mind, I think it is very important to recognize the contributions made by African-Americans in building our nation. I have often thought that Madison would be a great place to house a museum and library to honor the important contributions made by our community's Black ancestors.
The story I'm about to tell isn't a Madison story, but instead, begins in neighboring Suwannee County. In the 19th Century, one of the most important means of connecting the state was the railroad which ran from Jacksonville westward across the panhandle to New Orleans. The steam engines needed to be replenished every thirty miles or so with water. In Suwannee County, the refueling depot was just east of Live Oak in Houston (pronounced house-ton). There was a store at that location too which provided a living for the black station-master Johnny Moore. In late 1905, their wife gave birth to a boy they named Harry Tyson Moore.
When Harry was just 9, their father died and the family moved to Brevard County in Central Florida. Young Harry was an inquisitive child and applied themselves to their studies, excelling in the classroom. Not surprisingly, they became a school teacher. After marrying Harriette Simms and beginning their own family, Harry became involved in the early Civil Rights Movement in Florida. By 1934, they were the secretary of the Florida NAACP chapter.
Moore's leadership of the state NAACP organization was not without controversy. As might be expected, they were bitterly opposed by whites during a period when racism was rampant. They pushed hard on issues such as school equality and organizing teachers. Many in the black community felt they were pushing much too hard on the wrong issues. They had enemies on every front.
In 1949, four young blacks were accused of raping a white woman in nearby Lake County. One was killed by a lynch mob while the other three were taken into custody. An all-white jury convicted the young men of a capital offense. The underage youth was sentenced to life imprisonment while the other two were given the death sentence. This was the infamous Groveland case.
Harry Moore organized an appeals case that was handled by the noted lawyer (and later Supreme Court Justice) Thurgood Marshall. As a result, the conviction was thrown out by the United States Supreme Court and a new trial ordered. While transporting the defendants to a new trial location, Sheriff Willis McCall shot the men they claimed were attempting to escape. One died, but the other survived and, not surprisingly, told a much different story. Sheriff McCall was known to have a fierce reputation.
Now Harry Moore petitioned the governor, Fuller Warren, to have Sheriff McCall removed from office. The governor expressed their displeasure with this request. As I mentioned, Moore wasn't afraid to take on the rich and powerful and as a result, earned many enemies.
On Christmas night 1951, shortly after the Moore's celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary, their home in Mims was fire bombed. Harry died in an ambulance in route to a nearby hospital; Harriette died eight days later. Fortunately, their daughters were not in the home at the time of the crime.
An investigation never turned up who had planted the bomb, so no one was ever held accountable for the crime. Decades later in 2005, Governor Charlie Crist ordered the case reopened and this investigation identified four Klansmen active in central Florida a half century earlier as the culprits. By this time, all were dead … so they answered for their crimes to a higher authority.
Harry Tyson Moore and their devoted wife are considered the first martyrs of the Civil Rights Movement. Their sacrifice is often overshadowed by the more prominent case of Emmet Till in Mississippi a few years later.
This important saga is Florida's history began in the tiny hamlet of Houston not far from here. Who would suspect that such a consequential life would begin in such humble circumstances?
Celebrating Native American Heritage through food, dance, and educational storytelling, this event creates an opportunity for the Texas Tech University community to engage in Kiowa, Cheyenne, and Apache culture. Those in attendance witness performances by Native American performers as well as examine Native American art.
Amtrak Says Investigation Shows That Gay Man Found Brutally Injured in Rail Yard Jumped from Moving Train: WATCH
In a new series of late night tweets, Roseanne Barr blamed their racist Twitter tirade on the sleep drug Ambien.
Tweeted Barr (now deleted): “guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty”
Twitter (and Ambien) users were quick to clap back:
I don't see “Racism” on the list pic.twitter.com/DCTUGhrJmQ — Another Mother Jones (@LnghrnFaninPhx) May 30, 2018
If Roseanne's excuse is true, those tiki-torch-wielding Charlotte marchers must have all been tripping balls on Ambien. — Rex Huppke (@RexHuppke) May 30, 2018
seems like the rest of us friggin nailed our post-memorial day ambien hangovers — Aparna Nancherla (@aparnapkin) May 30, 2018
They added, in another deleted tweet: “I think Joe Rogan is right about ambien. Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc -”
Barr later tweeted: “hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but…losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more.”
hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but…losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
While California and Washington have mainly seen organized criminals from China buying homes and converting them into grow houses, Colorado has largely been grappling with Cuban and Mexican-led cartels, said Sheriff Bill Elder of the El Paso County Sheriff's Office in Colorado.
"They have found that it's easier to grow and process marijuana in Colorado, ship it throughout the United States, than it is to bring it from Mexico or Cuba," Elder said.
A 'massive' marijuana network
In El Paso County, NBC News witnessed firsthand the damage a commercial-scale cannabis grow can do to a home otherwise built for an average American family. Growers pose as legitimate renters, and by the time authorities disrupt their operation, homes have been gutted and trashed.
"We've fallen through floors," U.S. Drug Enforcement Angecy Special Agent Randy Ladd said. "The electrical damage, they draw so much current that you'll see, in some places, the wires are fused inside of the electrical box. And — a lot of people — they don't wanna pay the high electric bills. So what they do is they take jackhammers and pickaxes and they cut through the foundation of the house, so that they could steal the power."
Confiscated marijuana sits outside a suburban Colorado Springs rental home-turned-illegal grow house on May 15. Andrew Blankstein / NBC News
One of the biggest busts so far came last June, when the Colorado attorney general's office announced that “a massive illegal interstate marijuana distribution and cultivation network stretching from Colorado to Texas” had been dismantled. It was allegedly Chinese-connected, Ladd said.
Authorities said the network was responsible for securities fraud, millions of dollars of laundered cash, 2,600 “illegally cultivated” marijuana plants and 4,000 pounds of harvested cannabis, according to the Colorado attorney general's statement.
The operation took place in 18 warehouses and storage units and 33 homes, mostly in the Denver area, authorities said. “These seizures are believed to only scratch the surface,” the office said.
Ladd alleged that some Chinese crews cover immigrants' costs of traveling to America in exchange for work in the growth houses. “It's like indentured servitude,” they said. “It is a form of human trafficking.”
(Philip Toscano/PA via AP). A person sleeps by their tent before joining the entrance queue in Wimbledon Park on day three at the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Wednesday July 4, 2018.
LONDON (AP) - Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament - having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Minister of Transport, Rotimi Amaechi has filed a N500million suit against former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode and Governor Ayodele Fayose's media aide, Lere Olayinka. The two men accused Amaechi of being the owner of the $43million, which operatives of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), discovered in a Lagos apartment last week. In separate […]
The Trump administration loosened Obama-era birth control requirements on Friday, saying most providers of health insurance could refuse to pay for an employee's birth control if the provider shows “sincerely held” religious or moral objections.
The new regulations, which take effect immediately, protect groups such as the Little Sisters of the Poor from litigation if they refuse to provide contraceptive coverage, but widen the pool of those shielded to include nonprofits, for-profit companies, other nongovernmental employers, and schools and universities.
"These rules will not affect over 99.9 percent of the 165 million women in the United States," the Health and Human Services Department said in a statement.
"No American should be forced to violate their or their own conscience in order to abide by the laws and regulations governing our health care system,” HHS spokesperson Caitlin Oakley said. “Today's actions affirm the Trump administration's commitment to upholding the freedoms afforded all Americans under our constitution.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Makes it Legal for Employers to Refuse to Pay for Birth Control 1:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the most controversial — and most welcomed — requirements of the 2010 Affordable Care Act was a regulation for health insurance plans to provide birth control coverage free to patients.
Related: Most Americans Support Birth Control Mandate
The thinking behind it was to lower costs and improve health by helping more women get contraception, because pregnancy is much more expensive and dangerous to a woman's health than using birth control, and because upward of 40 percent of pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned.
Some religious groups objected and sued. The Roman Catholic Church opposes most methods of birth control, and some other religious groups object to certain forms of birth control.
Related: Birth Control Mandate Next on Trump Agenda
The move fulfills a promise made by President Donald Trump in a Rose Garden ceremony in May when they signed an executive order that they said restored religious freedoms, said Roger Severino, director of the Office for Civil Rights at the Health and Human Services Department.
“By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women.”
“That was a promise made, and this was a promise kept,” Severino told reporters. The new rule, they said, provides “relief to those who have been under the thumb of the federal government.”
Medical and legal groups immediately objected.
“By taking away women's access to no-cost birth control coverage, the rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “This will leave countless women without the critical birth control coverage they need to protect their health and economic security. We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
The American Civil Liberties Union said it would file suit immediately.
“No woman should ever be denied health care because their employer or university's religious views are prioritized over their serious medical needs,” said Kate Rochat, an ACLU member and law student at the University of Notre Dame who says they stand to lose access to contraceptive health care because of the rule. Notre Dame is run by the Catholic Church.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey also sued.
"Among other things, many women are likely to turn to MassHealth – the state's Medicaid plan – for coverage, which will place a financial burden on the state," Healey's office said in a statement.
"Today's complaint alleges that the new rule is unconstitutional by allowing the federal government to endorse certain religious beliefs over a woman's right to make choices about their own health care."
Most U.S. women use birth control at some point.
“Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives,” said Dr. Haywood Brown, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
“It improves the health of women, children and families as well as communities overall; reduces maternal mortality; and enhances economic stability for women and their families. All Americans deserve the ability to make personal health care decisions without intrusion from their employers or the government.”
Related: Yes,You Have to Pay for Birth Control, Feds Say
HHS said it calculated that only organizations that had already sued would take advantage of the new rule.
"The regulation leaves in place preventive services coverage guidelines where no religious or moral objection exists — meaning that out of millions of employers in the U.S., these exemptions may impact only about 200 entities, the number that that filed lawsuits based on religious or moral objections," HHS said.
“Contraception is a medical necessity for women during approximately 30 years of their lives.”
But Gretchen Borchelt, vice president for reproductive rights and health at the NWLC, disputed this.
"We don't know how many employers are going to try and get out of the benefit once they know they are allowed to do it," they said.
It works against their interest, Borchelt added, but some employers may incorrectly believe they are saving money. "We know from the past that insurance plans will do whatever they can if they think they can save money," Borchelt said.
"Birth control coverage saves money in the long run because employers don't have to pay for pregnancy and related costs," they added. "We know that when birth control was added to insurance plans, it didn't change the premiums. There shouldn't be cost concerns."
The new rule is part of a broader package changing the federal approach to religious liberty. “Except in the narrowest circumstances, no one should be forced to choose between living out their or their faith and complying with the law,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a memorandum sent government wide.
Related: Contraception Fell, Medicaid Births Rose When Texas Defunded Planned Parenthood
Birth control allows people to decide when and whether to have children and is a fundamental right, said Cecile Richards, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
“The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women. This is an unacceptable attack on basic health care that the vast majority of women rely on. With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control," Richards said.
“Birth control is not controversial — it's health care the vast majority of women will use in the course of their lifetime."
Most Americans get their health insurance through an employer, and most employers voluntarily provide contraceptive coverage, HHS officials noted. "These rules do not alter multiple other federal programs that provide free or subsidized contraceptives for women at risk of unintended pregnancy," the rule, published in the Federal Register, adds.
The stock market did very well on Monday, and the Dow and other major indexes climbed almost 1% on the day. Investors seemed ready to embrace the new earnings season, which many believe could be a lot stronger than previously anticipated and could spur another leg up in the bull market. Yet some individual stocks missed out on today's rally, and Snyder's-Lance (NASDAQ: LNCE), Incyte (NASDAQ: INCY), and Tenet Healthcare (NYSE: THC) were among the worst performers on the day. Below, we'll look more closely at these stocks to tell you why they did so poorly.
Continue Reading Below
Snyder's-Lance leaves investors with a bad taste in their mouth
Shares of Snyder's-Lance fell 15% after the snack company issued bad news. The maker of Snyder's pretzels and Lance chips said that CEO Carl Lee Jr. had resigned from their position after 12 years with the company, naming Brian Driscoll to take the position as interim CEO pending a national search for a permanent replacement. Also, the company released early results for the first quarter, including revenue of $530 million to $532 million and adjusted earnings of $0.13 to $0.14 per share. Snyder's-Lance thinks that full-year fiscal 2017 revenue will be between $1.2 billion and $1.25 billion, down from its previous range of $1.25 billion to $1.29 billion. Adjusted earnings were similarly hit, with the new range of $1.05 to $1.20 per share off $0.22 to $0.27 per share from its previous guidance. Without improvement, shareholders might be disappointed all year with Snyder's-Lance results.
Image source: Snyder's-Lance.
Incyte gets bad news from the FDA
Incyte stock dropped 10% in the wake of the company's rheumatoid arthritis drug getting rejected by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The company and partner Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) announced late last week that the FDA had issued a complete response letter for baricitinib, a once-daily oral treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. Regulators asked for additional clinical data to address safety concerns, but Incyte and Lilly disagree with the FDA's conclusions. Eventually, the two companies will have to decide on the timing of any resubmitted information, but Incyte had a lot at stake with the treatment and therefore arguably has more to lose than Lilly from its potential failure.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Tenet drops in sympathy
Finally, shares of Tenet Healthcare finished down 8%. The hospital company's stock dropped in the wake of negative news from industry peer HCA Holdings (NYSE: HCA), which warned that its revenue and earnings would come in below the consensus figures among analysts following the stock. HCA told investors that a greater reliance on government healthcare programs like Medicare was negative for its profits, in part because such programs tend to make smaller reimbursement payments and therefore are less lucrative for companies like HCA and Tenet compared to other funding sources. With so much uncertainty in the healthcare field given the tenuous status of the Affordable Care Act and attempted changes to the legislation, Tenet could see further pressure until policymakers reach some final resolution.
Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of 4/3/2017.
Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Mohawk College debuted its mobile classroom this school year and it's pretty hard to miss. It's a big, black trailer with one thousand feet of classroom space and it's all part of Mohawk's expanding city school initiative.
30 year old Elyse Nakashima is one of 9 people whoare taking advantage of Mohawk's free pre-apprenticeship training.
“I keep hearing that every trade is so much in demand. I haven't really done much with my art in terms of getting a career out of that and with this being offered, I'm going, I've never done welding before, but let's see if I can weld.”
The trailer has one thousand feet of classroom space and is currently equipped with 12 welding simulators. The mobile classroom moves around every 10 to 12 weeks, right now it's in the east end at the old Centre mall.
“As far as the students go, we have students that are 19 years old and we have students that are quite up there in age…. but women, men, young people, older people, and all different facets.” Robert Stack, welding instructor.
The city school mobile is funded by the Ontario Ministry of Advanced Education and Skills Development. For more information visit: mohawknewsdesk.ca
Turkey's prime minister has called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will expand the powers of the office of the president.
In an address to legislators from their ruling party on Tuesday, Binali Yildirim said the people had voted to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system, adding: the “opposition should not speak after the people have spoken.”
An unofficial tally carried by the country's state-run news agency gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's “yes” camp a narrow win.
Opposition parties called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities, particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that didn't bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
International monitors said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Miyonse, launches own cooking show
Former Big Brother Naija (#BBNaija) 2017 contestant, Miyonse Oluwaseyi, popularly called Miyonse, says plans are underway for their new television show with focus on cooking and confectionery. “My TV show is coming out soon; it is a cooking show; however, I would not like to disclose more because the people I signed the contract with …
The post Ex-BBNaija housemate, Miyonse, launches own cooking show appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — A top House Democrat is challenging the core conclusion of the memo released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Friday, calling the allegation that the Justice Department and FBI withheld key details as they sought a secret surveillance warrant on former Trump adviser Carter Page “deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law.”
NBC News has exclusively obtained a six-page rebuttal to the Nunes memo from Rep. Jerry Nadler of New York, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, which was to be circulated to all House Democrats on Saturday.
Given their senior position, Nadler is one of the small number of lawmakers who has viewed the highly sensitive documents that are the basis of Nunes' memo.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres. Trump says GOP memo 'vindicates' them 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The rebuttal focuses on four key points having to do with the legal underpinnings of the GOP-produced document:
That Nunes' memo fails to demonstrate that the government lacked enough evidence beyond a dossier from former British spy Christopher Steele to obtain a FISA warrant on Page.
That Steele's expertise on Russia and organized crime would have outweighed any concerns a FISA court would have had about the funding of Steele's work by partisan actors — funding sources that Steele may not have even known about.
That Nunes' memo “provides no credible basis whatsoever” for removing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller.
That Nunes' memo shows that Republicans “are now part and parcel to an organized effort to obstruct” Mueller's probe.
Nadler's legal analysis represents Democrats' most detailed public response to the Nunes memo, released Friday after President Donald Trump agreed to its declassification over the objections of their own FBI Director.
Nunes justified the unprecedented effort to disclose highly sensitive information by saying that “officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes.” The memo argued that if not for Steele's dossier, or if the political funding sources for it had been disclosed to a FISA judge, they would never have been able to obtain a surveillance warrant on Page in October 2016.
Nadler counters that they have “every indication that the government made its application to the court in good faith.”
Related: Full text of Nadler's memo
“Carter Page was, more likely than not, an agent of a foreign power. The Department of Justice thought so. A federal judge agreed. The consensus, supported by the facts, forms the basis of the warrant issued,” Nadler said.
What's more, Nadler said, is that a “well-established body of law” says that a FISA warrant could be voided only if the government “included false information or excluded true information that was or would have been critical to the court's determination of probable cause.”
“The Nunes memo alleges nothing that would even come close to meeting this standard,” Nadler writes.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee have drafted their own response to Nunes' memo. But it contains classified information, and committee Republicans rejected their attempt to make it publicly available at the same time as the Nunes memo. If Trump does not agree to declassify the document, as they did with the Republican memo, it can only be released through a highly complicated legislative procedure that would depend on Republican support.
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, told reporters Friday that despite the Nunes memo's assertion, the Page FISA warrant application included “references to Candidate 1 and Candidate 2.” What's more, such applications typically wouldn't include “specific references to people or the names of law firms or even the names of political campaigns,” because of so-called minimization procedures.
Glenn Simpson, co-founder of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS, which contracted Steele to compile the dossier, told the House Intelligence Committee that they did not believe Steele “knew the identity of the client” that had hired Fusion when Steele first contacted the FBI to share their discoveries.
Schiff also argued that the Russia investigation “would have begun and continued even if Christopher Steele had never come along,” a point Nadler underscores as well.
“Nothing about the source of Steele's funding or their later opinions about Donald Trump speak to the credibility of their work, or its inclusion in the FISA application,” Nadler writes. “The Nunes memo gives us no reason to doubt the court's determination of probable cause to believe that Carter Page was an agent of the Russian government — particularly given Page's later admissions to the press about their interactions with Russian officials.”
Amid concerns that Trump might use the memo as pretext for firing Rosenstein, Nadler argues that Nunes' findings show that the FISA process was well under way before Rosenstein assumed the position in early 2017.
“The Deputy Attorney General could not have signed an application to renew surveillance on Carter Page if the government was unable to show that it had already gathered valuable evidence under existing orders and expected that collection to continue,” Nadler writes. “Under these circumstances, any decision not to approve the renewal would have appeared to have been politically motivated.”
Nadler concludes that Nunes' memo only shows that Republican efforts to protect Trump in the face of Mueller's investigation has taken a significant turn.
“Until now, we could only really accuse House Republicans of ignoring the President's open attempts to block the Russia investigation. But with the release of the Nunes memo … we can only conclude that House Republicans are complicit in the effort to help the President avoid accountability for their actions and the actions of their campaign,” Nadler writes.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The scams most likely to catch customers out have been revealed by NatWest as it works to raise awareness of the common tricks used by fraudsters.
The bank said its records show nearly 7,000 customers have become the victims of scams since the start of 2016.
Among these cases, “goods not received” cases – when someone pays for items or services that never turn up – were the most common.
These account for around three in 10 scams carried out against NatWest customers.
Such scams can happen on online auctions and marketplaces, NatWest said.
It said customers can protect themselves by checking the item description carefully and reading the website's dispute resolution policy before buying.
Customers should also use recognised, official payment services and not pay via direct bank transfer off-site, the bank said.
Business customers can also be victims of scams, with invoice fraud carrying the potential to cause cause particularly big losses.
Invoice fraud happens when a business receives an invoice that appears to be from a trusted trading partner but is actually fake.
The fraudster typically says that payment arrangements have changed and that the customer should pay the outstanding balance to the new account, which is operated by the fraudster.
Each business targeted loses, on average, £30,000 to this type of fraud.
The findings were released as NatWest was holding an event in Westminster to highlight fraud.
The company is supporting an initiative from National Trading Standard called Friends Against Scams.
Les Matheson, NatWest chief executive of personal and business banking, said: “We know scammers can be convincing and they work round the clock to persuade their victims to part with money.
“We have hundreds of people working 24/7 to detect and stop fraud, but it's very important that, as individuals and businesses, we know how to protect ourselves.”
What are the top five scams affecting Natwest customers?
1. Goods not received – You pay for goods or services but do not receive them from the seller.
2. Advance fee fraud – Fraudsters ask you for an advance or up-front payments for goods, services and/or financial gains that do not materialise.
3. Spoof payment requests – You receive a fraudulent request, purporting to be from someone senior in a company or a client, for payment or draw down of funds.
4. Invoice fraud – You are tricked into believing an invoice is from a trusted trading partner when it is not. The fraudster will tell you their payment information has changed and you should pay the new account.
5. Holiday scam – You book a holiday, usually online, to find out later that the holiday is not real.
ends
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Reed and Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
Clemson coach Brad Brownell says having Reed and Mitchell back gives the Tigers one of the better backcourts in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Ohio attorney general and GOP gubernatorial candidate Mike DeWine will be the featured speaker at the Highland County Lincoln Day Dinner on Monday, Feb. 12.
The event will be held at the First United Methodist Church in Hillsboro beginning at 6 p.m., with dinner served at 6:30 p.m.
Paulette Donley, local GOP chair, said many candidates or their representatives will be in attendance.
Tickets at $25 each are available from Donley at 937-402-1866, Peggy Hite at 937-763-8305 or Shawn C. Priest at 937-780-5855. Dinner will be catered by Shoelaces Catering.
DeWine recently tapped Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted as their running mate, after Husted had initially launched a gubernatorial campaign of their own.
Prior to becoming attorney general, DeWine served as Greene County prosecuting attorney, in the Ohio State Senate, in the United States House of Representatives, as lieutenant governor and in the United States Senate.
DeWine grew up in Yellow Springs, Ohio. They and their wife, Fran, have resided in Cedarville Township since DeWine graduated from law school. They are the parents of eight children and 23 grandchildren.
According to biographical information on their website, as attorney general, DeWine created a special crime Against Children Unit to help identify, arrest, and convict sexual predators.
Their office invested $75 million from the national mortgage settlement to help demolish abandoned and blighted properties. They have also made commitments to support anti-gun violence programs and community groups that are working to repair hard-hit communities.
DeWine has also devoted resources to fighting Ohio's prescription drug abuse and heroin problems, increased the number of criminal prosecutions in consumer fraud cases, and decreased the turn-around time for testing of DNA evidence.
They have dedicated resources to testing all of Ohio's old sexual assault kits, which is leading to the convictions of sexual predators.
DeWine http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/02/web1_DeWine-Mke-1.jpg DeWine
Gov hopeful recently paired with Husted
IBEDC issues pre-paid meters to customers as ordered by NERC
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company, on Wednesday, has said that it has issued prepaid meters to its Maximum Demand customers as directed by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission. According to a statement released by NERC, earlier in the week, maximum demand electricity customers are those connected to the 11KV lines and are mostly with their …
The post IBEDC issues pre-paid meters to customers as ordered by NERC appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sigma Delta Pi, the National Collegiate Hispanic Honor Society, will present part its Ciclo de Cine (Film Festival) with a movie titled "La Buena Vida" (The Good Life) on Friday, February 2 from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm in 351 Education Building.
The Good Life is the story of the Colombian Village of Tamaquito, told against a global backdrop of rising energy consumption being driven by the pursuit of growth and affluence.
As an Honor Society, Sigma Delta Pi organizes activities that are of very high academic value. The movie will be preceded by a discussion, and there will also be subtitles so that everybody can understand what is going on. This activity is intended to teach both language and culture. Pizza and drinks will be served. Everyone is welcome!
This announcement is represented by a registered student organization.
San Francisco could become the largest U.S. city to ban the sale of fur, a move that would hearten animal lovers but frustrate niche business owners who say they are fed up with city officials dictating what retailers can or can't sell.
If the Board of Supervisors approves the ban Tuesday, San Francisco would join two other California cities, West Hollywood and Berkeley, in saying no to a symbol of glamour that animal advocates say is built on cruelty and does not reflect the city's values.
San Francisco has a strong social conscience, often at a cost to businesses. Its board banned the sale of menthol cigarettes and other flavoured tobacco, which voters will consider in June, and prohibited performances by exotic animals. In 2016, San Francisco approved what was then a groundbreaking paid parental leave law, requiring private employers to offer six weeks of fully paid leave.
If passed, the fur ban would go into effect Jan. 1 and apply to coats and anything else featuring real fur, including key chains and gloves.
“I hope that it inspires other cities and the country to take action. Certainly we need better federal regulations on fur farming,” said Katy Tang, the supervisor pushing the legislation and avid animal lover. “There's no humane way to raise an animal to peel its skin off.”
Some of the tourists who pack downtown San Francisco hotels shop at upscale department stores that crowd Union Square, such as Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue, both of which feature fur salons. Larger stores may have an easier time adapting, but smaller businesses might find it more challenging.
Benjamin Lin, 72, owns one of those small businesses. The showroom at B.B. Hawk in the South of Market neighbourhood features chinchilla, sable, fox, and Blackglama mink. In a corner, Lin is working on restoring a 60-year-old jacket made of cheetah.
 They are considering keeping their current location but selling fur at a smaller place nearby, outside San Francisco.
“I cannot fight it,” they said of the ban. “I will not win. I do not have the energy and the money.”
Skip Pas, chief executive officer of West Coast Leather, said fur items make up only a small portion of their inventory so they won't be affected much.
But he's appalled that 11 people on a board can arbitrarily tell retailers what they can sell, without a vote by the public, and at a time when the city has more pressing issues, such as dirty streets and homelessness.
“It's the people of San Francisco who should say, ‘Yes, it's too much,”‘ they said. “What's next? They're going to say that you can't have beef and you can't have pork and duck in Chinatown. I mean, it's a little too much.”
About 50 clothing and accessory retailers in the downtown and South of Market shopping corridor will be affected by the legislation, said Jim Lazarus, senior vice-president of public policy at the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce.
The chamber estimates San Francisco fur sales account for at least $40 million a year. The city's Office of Economic Analysis estimated fur sales at $11 million in 2012, based on census figures.
The city says that even if sales numbers are much higher than its estimate, a prohibition is unlikely to significantly harm the overall local economy.
The proposal would allow the resale of vintage and used fur, but only by outlets not usually in the business of trading fur, such as secondhand stores, pawn shops and nonprofits. Items with fur taken from animals trapped under a state license can be sold.
Tang, the supervisor, said they feel bad for furriers like Lin.
“But I think it is wrong to profit off the backs of animals,” they said.
Taylor Swift scored six MTV E.M.A. nominations, including one for best-video for “Look What You Made Me Do.” Swift narrowly beat out Shawn Mendes, who has five nods, and Ed Sheeran and Kendrick Lamar, who both have four apiece. Swift's nominations are for Best Video, Best U.S. Act, Best Pop, Best Look, The Biggest Fans, and Best Artist. In order to score some award wins however, they will have to best the likes of Ariana Grande, Ed Sheeran, and Harry Styles in those categories. The E.M.A.s, which will be hosted by Rita Ora, will air on November 12. Swift will release their highly anticipated new album on November 10. The album features lead single “Look what You Made Me Do,” and is their first release since 2014's 1989. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Prosecutors agreed to drop one of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens after the governor's attorneys said they would resign if the allegations were dismissed, a spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
By The Associated Press
Former UCLA star Lonzo Ball pokes fun at their dad's outspoken nature in a commercial released in advance of Father's Day and next week's NBA Draft.
The Foot Locker commercial begins with likely lottery picks Jonathan Isaac, De'Aaron Fox and Jayson Tatum discussing examples of how their dads have supported them. Then it shows Ball saying "of course there's that big day when your dad berates your high school coach in front of an entire crowd for not getting you enough touch."
Later in the commercial, Ball references LaVar Ball's debates with ESPN's Stephen A. Smith and proclamations that Lonzo already is better than 2014-15 and 2015-6 NBA MVP Stephen Curry.
Ball is expected to be one of the top picks in the June 22 draft in Brooklyn, New York.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Free yourself from distractions. Commit to meeting your writing goals. Take one step closer to being DONE with your paper.
Sign up for Texas Tech's spring Write-In! The Write-In will be held on Saturday, April 22nd, from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm, in the University Writing Center.
The Write-In will provide you additional time and space to write with other students who are also serious about getting writing done. The University Writing Center will provide complimentary food and drinks to all participants. You need to bring your computer, any other materials you need, and most importantly, your personal commitment to working diligently and productively.
If you would like to register, please contact Dr. Luke A. Iantorno at luke.iantorno@ttu.edu. If interest exceeds capacity, we may not be able to accommodate everyone who is interested.
If you are confirmed to participate, you must make the following commitments:
Arrive on time for your reservation and stay for the duration.
Turn off access to Facebook, online games, and other computer/online-based distractions during writing time.
Minimize distractions by phone by limiting texting and phone calls.
Contribute to a supportive writing community among fellow participants
The UWC is located in Rm. 175 (East Wing) of the English-Philosophy Building.
The Department of Defense sent a statement to NBC News late Monday afternoon confirming it will comply with recent court orders regarding transgender military recruits.
"As required by recent federal district court orders, the Department of Defense recently announced it will begin processing transgender applicants for military service on January 1, 2018. This policy will be implemented while the Department of Justice appeals those court orders,” the statement read.
"The United States District Court for the District of Columbia ordered DoD to implement, effective January 1, 2018, the accession policy issued by former Secretary Carter in 2016. DoD and the Department of Justice are actively pursuing relief from those court orders in order to allow an ongoing policy review scheduled to be completed before the end of March," the statement continued.
Kollar-Kotelly ruled against Trump's transgender military ban in October, saying the administration had provided no solid evidence for why a ban should be implemented. Another federal judge, Marvin Garbis, of U.S. District Court in Maryland, ruled against the ban last month. In a strongly-worded passage from their 53-page decision, Garbis wrote that the "capricious, arbitrary, and unqualified tweet of new policy does not trump the methodical and systematic review by military stakeholders qualified to understand the ramifications of policy change."
The tweet Garbis referred to came in an unexpected series of posts Trump made in July announcing their intention to ban transgender people from serving in the military.
Shannon Minter, legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR), which, along with GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), has been fighting the transgender military ban in court, applauded Kollar-Kotelly's decision on Monday and shot back at the Trump administration.
“Trump administration claims that our highly sophisticated military is unprepared to implement a minor policy change after more than a year of preparation are simply not credible,” Minter said in a statement to NBC News.
“The military has studied this issue extensively and determined that permitting qualified transgender people to enlist and serve will only strengthen our nation's armed forces," Minter added. "This administration's claim that allowing transgender people to enlist will lessen military preparedness is contradicted by the military's own conclusions."
Amanda Simpson, a former deputy assistant secretary of defense who was the highest-ranking transgender person in the department, said, “The idea there needed to be an emergency stay was ridiculous.”
They also blasted the Trump administration for putting currently serving transgender people and prospective recruits in limbo.
“Young people enlist in our military with the knowledge or at least the promise to serve our country, to pledge their life in service and protection of our nation, and in doing so, they sign a contract that says for a certain number of years they will make that obligation, and they arrange their lives accordingly,” Simpson said. “So now you're saying, 'Enlist, but there's a possibility somewhere down the road … we may ask you to leave because we don't believe trans people can be integrated with our forces'? That's entirely bogus.”
Potential transgender recruits will have to meet a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services. Eastburn, the Pentagon spokesperson, said transgender recruits will be able to enlist if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in their preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
The requirements make it challenging for transgender recruits, but they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Estimates of trans people currently serving in the military range from just a few thousand to up to 15,000. Amid the political back-and-forth about whether trans people will be able to serve openly, Simpson sent a message to those now serving.
"We've got your back, and we're fighting for you," they said. "You've been fighting for us, and all the American people understand the commitment and sacrifice you are making, and we will make sure you have the ability to continue to serve honorably and with distinction."
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Theis working with The Plant Shoppe to create flower bouquets that will be made and sold by vendors who are homeless or at-risk of homelessness.
A man has been jailed for five and half years for smashing a pint glass over the head of former X Factor winner James Arthur after the singer had a fling with their former girlfriend.
Thirty-one year old Christopher Revell carried out the unprovoked attack on the singer when they were out drinking with friends last August.
In court today it was revealed that Revell ran towards the former X Factor winner from behind, smashing the glass on their head, followed up by a punch before they were dragged off.
Following the incident Arthur was taken to hospital and needed five staples in their head.
Teesside Crown Court heard that attack was prompted after the singer had a one-night stand with Revell's ex-girlfriend, Gemma Iveson.
"He claimed they had attacked them because they had slept with an ex-girlfriend some time ago", said the prosecutor.
The singer needed five staples in their head after the attack
The court heard that the couple had broken up and then got back together, but after doing so the Revell had found text messages on the woman's phone about the fling with Arthur.
Revell, who had twelve previous convictions including battery and assault, today pleaded guilty to wounding with intent and was jailed for five and a half years.
In a statement read out in court today, Arthur revealed that they were worried the attack could have affected their singing career.
“There was nothing to justify the attack. I was worried I had suffered an injury which might affect my musical career.”
James Arthur leaving court earlier today
After sentencing was handed down, Arthur was seen leaving court wearing a black cap and with a bandage over their nose.
According to recent social media posts from the singer, they recently underwent plastic surgery on their nose to repair damage which they said was caused by "one to many scuffles as a teen."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Festive offerings at Chester Zoo and Storyhouse have made it into the Guardian's top Christmas days out in the UK.
The national newspaper picked the most festive wintery days out in all regions of the country - and three from our area dominate the ones named in the North West.
The Lanterns at Chester Zoo - where the attraction is transformed into an enchanting world of illumination where visitors can go on a magical lantern trail - is one of the must-do attractions in the region for a great day out.
Lantern Parade will bring a warm glow to Chester this winter
And The Secret Seven at Storyhouse was also named in the list - the world's first major stage adaptation of the Enid Blyton classic.
Review: The Secret Seven at Chester Storyhouse
Christmas cruises at the National Waterways Museum in Ellesmere Port also made the North West list, which included Lightwaves at Salford Quays and Santa's Grotto at Manchester's Chill Factore.
LAHORE, Pakistan — A Pakistani counter-terrorism court has sentenced to death a man who allegedly committed blasphemy on Facebook, a government prosecutor said on Sunday — the first time someone has been handed the death penalty for insulting the Prophet Mohammad on social media.
The conviction of Taimoor Raza, 30, follows a high-profile crackdown against blasphemy on social media by the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Blasphemy is a highly sensitive topic in Muslim-majority Pakistan, where insulting the Prophet Mohammad is a capital crime for which dozens are sitting on death row. Even mere accusations are enough to spark mass uproar and mob justice.
Shafiq Qureshi, public prosecutor in Bahawalpur, about 300 miles south of provincial capital Lahore, said Raza was convicted for allegedly making derogatory remarks against Prophet Mohammad, their wives and companions.
Related: Christian Mom Aasia Bibi to Appeal Death Sentence for Blasphemy
"An anti terrorism court of Bahawalpur has awarded them the death sentence," Qureshi told Reuters." It is the first ever death sentence in a case that involves social media."
It is rare for a counter-terrorism court to hear blasphemy cases but Raza's trial fell under this category because their charge sheet included counter-terrorism offences linked to hate speech.
Qureshi said Raza was arrested after playing blasphemous and hate speech material on their phone on a bus stop in Bahawalpur, where a counter-terrorism officer arrested them and confiscated their phone. The material obtained from the phone led to Raza's conviction, they added.
"The trial was conducted in Bahawapur jail in tight security," Qureshi said
Qureshi added that Raza belongs to the minority Shia community and in court they were accused of spreading "hate speech" against the Deobani sect, which adheres to a strict school of Sunni Islam.
Relations between Shia and majority Sunni communities have flared up at times in Pakistan, with some extremist Sunni groups such as Lashkhar-e-Janghvi trying to exploit sectarian tensions.
Several other violent incidents linked to blasphemy accusations have alarmed human rights groups and activists in recent months.
Police are currently investigating over 20 students and some faculty members in connection with the killing of Mashal Khan, a student who was beaten to death on April following a dorm debate about religion -- an attack that shocked the country.
Since then, parliament has discussed adding safeguards to the blasphemy laws, a move seen as groundbreaking in Pakistan where political leaders have been assassinated for even discussing changes.
As Raza's blasphemy conviction was under the counter-terrorism court, they will be able to appeal their sentence in the High Court and later in the Supreme Court.
There have been at least 67 murders over unproven allegations since 1990, according to figures from a research center and independent records kept by Reuters.
A man has been released on bail following the death of a pedestrian in a crash in South Shields.
Lewis Michael Knapp, 20, was killed when they were struck by a silver Vauxhall Vectra in Anderson Street in the early hours of Saturday.
After the vehicle collided with Mr Knapp - from Boldon Colliery - at 4.30am , it reportedly left the scene.
One man has been arrested in relation to the incident and is now on bail, Northumbria Police confirmed.
Sergeant Jason Ryder said: “Our thoughts are with Mr Knapp's family at this deeply upsetting and distressing time.
"Our investigation is ongoing and I would ask that anyone who saw the incident please get in touch so that we can establish exactly what happened on Saturday morning.”
Enquiries are ongoing and anyone who witnessed the collision should contact police on 101 quoting reference number 216 150417.
But while Mr. Trump's executive order carried an undefined, if sweeping, threat, Mr. Sessions's announcement last month was bluntly concrete: If local governments wanted the Justice Department's money, they had to agree to allow federal immigration agents to interview immigrants at their jails and to give federal authorities 48 hours' notice before releasing anyone with potential immigration violations.
Taken together, those conditions would allow immigration agents to pick up unauthorized immigrants directly from local authorities, turning jails into pipelines for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Without access to local jails, federal authorities use other tactics to find their targets — often raiding immigrants' homes or showing up at locations like local courthouses.
Mr. Sessions has accused officials in sanctuary cities of shielding dangerous criminals from immigration agents.
“Several California cities, including San Francisco, have already experienced the devastating effects that sanctuary policies have on their citizens,” a Justice Department spokesperson, Devin O'Malley, said on Monday. “Given the multiple high-profile incidents that have occurred in California in recent years, it is especially disappointing that state leaders would take steps to limit cooperation between local jurisdictions and immigration authorities that are trying to keep Californians safe.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Officials in sanctuary cities, however, argue that their communities are safer when immigrants trust local authorities enough to report crimes and serve as witnesses without fear of deportation. Local law enforcement agencies have also faced lawsuits for holding inmates for federal immigration authorities.
The San Francisco and California lawsuits say that by tying the grant funding to immigration matters, the Justice Department is exceeding the constitutional authority of the executive branch. Only Congress can set such conditions, they say.
Squeezed by the Justice Department, several local officials have already contacted Mr. Becerra's office seeking guidance on how to respond before the Sept. 5 deadline for applying for new grants, they said.
“It's pretty clear that this is another attempt to accomplish what they were unsuccessful in accomplishing with the sanctuary city executive order,” the San Francisco city attorney, Dennis Herrera, said at the news conference.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They added, “Our police and deputies are focused on fighting crime, not breaking up hard-working families.”
The money in question, from the Justice Department's Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, dispensed more than $260 million to states and cities in 2016. California and its local jurisdictions are scheduled to receive a total of $28.3 million next year, Mr. Becerra said.
San Francisco, which could lose about $1.4 million if the new terms of the grant are enforced, uses the money for diversion programs that focus on treating and rehabilitating defendants, services for young people at risk of committing crimes, drug deterrence and other initiatives.
In another sign of the president's more aggressive posture, on Monday they hired Joseph E. diGenova, a longtime Washington lawyer who has appeared regularly on Fox News in recent months to claim that the F.B.I. and the Justice Department had manufactured evidence against Mr. Trump to aid Hillary Clinton.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Breaking News Emails Get the latest on the special counsel investigation — and other major news — delivered to your email inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“There was a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and, if they didn't win the election, to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime,” they said on Fox News in January. They added, “Make no mistake about it: A group of F.B.I. and D.O.J. people were trying to frame Donald Trump of a falsely created crime.”
Little evidence has emerged to support that theory.
Mr. Trump is also discussing adding other lawyers to the team, according to one person with knowledge of the matter.
The tumult marked the greatest instability on the team since Mr. Trump pushed aside their personal lawyer, Marc E. Kasowitz, last summer, and was passed over by many of Washington's top lawyers before they settled on their current crop of attorneys.
“It's never a good idea to see legal teams change dramatically and for competent lawyers to be replaced by others,” said Roger Cossack, a longtime legal analyst. “It shows that there is chaos and that whoever the client is — in this case the president — is unhappy and is searching for the magic bullet. And it's never a great strategy to search for the magic bullet. The president clearly wants it to end and wants to put an end to it.”
Mr. Cobb, Mr. Dowd and another lawyer, Jay Sekulow, took over last summer from Mr. Kasowitz, a feisty New Yorker who had represented Mr. Trump in high-profile lawsuits and urged an aggressive posture toward Mr. Mueller, who was appointed last May.
Mr. Trump insisted to their lawyers that they did nothing wrong and they pushed for cooperation with the special counsel, arguing it was their best way to have their name cleared. Working inside the White House, Mr. Cobb oversaw the production of thousands of pages of documents and emails that were turned over to Mr. Mueller's office and said that the president should not assert executive privilege over the records to keep from slowing the process. The lawyers told the president they hoped to get Mr. Mueller to acknowledge by the end of the year that Mr. Trump was not a target of the investigation.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Mueller's investigation is continuing.
As it goes forward, Mr. Trump has questioned their lawyers' approach and clashed with them about whether to be interviewed by Mr. Mueller. The president believes they are their best spokesperson and can explain to Mr. Mueller that they did nothing wrong. The lawyers see little upside.
Photo
Mr. Dowd and Mr. Sekulow became concerned about their standing with the president in the past two weeks after they learned Mr. Trump had met with another veteran lawyer, Emmet Flood, who represented President Bill Clinton during impeachment proceedings, about joining the team.
Both publicly and privately, Mr. Trump tried to reassure their lawyers that they had not fallen out of favor with him. “I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter, assailing a New York Times article about their discussions with Mr. Flood. “They are doing a great job.”
Mr. Dowd, in turn, called on the Justice Department over the weekend to end the special counsel investigation. Mr. Dowd said at first that they were speaking for the president, but later backtracked. But according to two people briefed on the matter, they were in fact acting at the president's urging.
Mr. Dowd's statement set off a stream of negative coverage of Mr. Trump on cable television, to which they are closely attuned. Their lawyers were criticized for being undisciplined, and Mr. Dowd's remarks prompted concern that the president was going to order that Mr. Mueller be fired. Mr. Cobb tried to douse that speculation on Sunday, saying that the president was not considering dismissing the special counsel.
The president's newest lawyer, Mr. diGenova, has worked in Washington legal circles for decades, including as a United States attorney for the District of Columbia appointed by President Ronald Reagan. They have served as an independent counsel in government waste, fraud and abuse investigations, notably a three-year criminal inquiry into whether officials in the George Bush administration broke any laws in their search for damaging information about Bill Clinton, then a presidential candidate.
Mr. diGenova is law partners with their wife, Victoria Toensing. They have also represented Sam Clovis, the former Trump campaign co-chairperson, and Erik Prince, the founder of the security contractor Blackwater and an informal adviser to Mr. Trump. Mr. Prince also attended a meeting in January 2017 with a Russian investor in the Seychelles that the special counsel is investigating.
Ms. Toensing also represents Mark Corallo, the former spokesperson for the Trump legal team who has accused one of the president's advisers of potentially planning to obstruct justice with a statement related to a 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer who promised damaging information about Mrs. Clinton.
Mr. diGenova was one of several former independent counsels who, in the late 1990s, argued that the role be narrowed. In 1999, Congress let the portions of the law allowing for an independent counsel expire.
The suspect in the New York City subway blast Monday told investigators they detonated a crude bomb after they spotted a holiday display and did it in the name of ISIS to avenge the deaths of Muslims around the world, law enforcement officials said.
Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant, said they consumed terrorist propaganda and learned how to make the explosive device through online instructions, the officials said. They assembled it at their Brooklyn apartment, they said.
There is no evidence Ullah, an electrician, had any direct contact with the ISIS. But they said their anger over U.S. bombings in ISIS-controlled territory fueled their desire to carry out a suicide bombing, according to the officials.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Moment of NYC Midtown Blast Caught on Camera 3:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They used Velcro-like fasteners and zip ties to attach the bomb — made from a pipe, a 9-volt battery, matches and Christmas tree lights — to their body, according to police. They found the pipe at a job site and bought the rest of the materials himself, they told investigators.
Related: NYC attacker wore low-tech explosive device
Mindful of ISIS threats timed to Christmas, they decided to set off the device in a crowded subway passageway near the Port Authority bus terminal because they noticed a holiday image there, the law enforcement officials said.
Ullah was taken to Bellevue Hospital with wounds and burns after the Monday morning blast, which was captured on security video and spread panic during the morning commute.
Police descended on three residences in Brooklyn that were linked to Ullah or their family — who released a statement in the evening through the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
"We are heartbroken by the violence that was targeted at our city today, and by the allegations being made against a member of our family," the statement from Ullah's family said.
"But we are also outraged by the behavior of law enforcement officials who have held children as small as 4 years old out in the cold and who held a teenager out of high school classes to interrogate them without a lawyer, without their parents.
"These are not the sorts of actions that we expect from our justice system, and we have every confidence that our justice system will find the truth behind this attack and that we will, in the end, be able to learn what occurred today."
Akayed Ullah was a taxi driver for three years. NYC TLC
Ullah came to the United States from Bangladesh with an immigrant visa on Feb. 21, 2011.  They are a legal permanent resident with a green card.
A spokesperson for the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said they were a licensed cab driver from March 2012 to March 2015. More recently, they were working as an electrician.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NYPD commissioner names suspect in NYC attack 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Law enforcement officials said Ullah, who had traveled abroad numerous times since moving to the U.S., didn't raise any red flags before Monday. They only had several traffic tickets on their record.
Hasan Alam, a former neighbor of Ullah in the Kensington section of Brooklyn, said they had not seen them since they moved about a year ago.
"I'm actually very shocked," they said. "Because they were a religious person and very quiet, not very outgoing."
A former neighbor in Mill Basin said the suspect lived there with an older couple and two other young men. They said they would see them leaving the house with what appeared to be camera equipment and assumed they were on their way to work.
"The family is very friendly, very nice, but they were quiet. Never talked to anyone, stayed to himself," the neighbor said.
NBC News reached a relative of the suspect by phone. They were unaware of the incident and declined to comment.
If the Weinstein story follows the pattern recently laid down by Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly, it's a decent bet that “at least” will be followed with many additional allegations. The question is whether Mr. Weinstein, as a liberal lion of Hollywood and prominent donor to Democratic politicians, will suffer the same consequences as those Fox News troglodytes Mr. Ailes and Mr. O'Reilly.
If past is prologue, perhaps not. As Camille Paglia noted in a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter, prominent feminists like Gloria Steinem didn't waste any time discarding sexual harassment guidelines when it came to Bill Clinton's sexual predations as president. Principle rapidly gave way to partisanship and political opportunism.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Weinstein clearly understands this calculus. In the wake of the Times report, they issued a cringe-inducing apology: “I came of age in the '60s and '70s, when all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different. That was the culture then,” as if in the good olde days of the women's liberation movement it was totally acceptable to ask a 20-something colleague to bathe you.
They promise “to do better” and “conquer my demons.” They misquote Jay-Z. They say they have hired a team of therapists to “deal with the issue head on.”
But the real heart of their message was that they will be an even better progressive if given a second chance: “I'm going to need a place to channel that anger so I've decided I'm going to give the N.R.A. my full attention.” He's also making a movie about Donald Trump.
And if the virtue-signaling isn't enough, the man who has bankrolled Barbara Boxer, Charles Schumer, Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton, Cory Booker, Kirsten Gillibrand — the list goes on and on — is determined to pay out much more. “One year ago, I began organizing a $5 million foundation to give scholarships to women directors” at the University of Southern California, they said, adding, “It will be named after my mom and I won't disappoint her.” Perhaps, like Mitt Romney, they have “binders full of women” to fill those slots.
At least some women seem prepared to go along, at least for a price. Take Lisa Bloom, the feminist superlawyer who represented many of Bill O'Reilly's victims at Fox. “When women speak our truth the old world shatters,” they tweeted this year. “We slayed the dragon.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But now Ms. Bloom is trying to train their own dragon: Harvey Weinstein. “I've asked Lisa Bloom to tutor me,” Mr. Weinstein writes in their letter. “I hope that my actions will speak louder than words and that one day we will all be able to earn their trust and sit down together with Lisa to learn more.”
It would be interesting to know how much earning Ms. Bloom expects to do with that learning. I'm guessing their tutoring doesn't come cheap.
Mr. Weinstein knows the ways of Hollywood well enough that they might get away by acting out their part in this clichéd repentance script. Or, at 64, they may have played out their last cards. Either way, what's telling is that Ms. Bloom and their other advisers seem to believe their best chance of salvaging their damaged client is, like the Catholic Church of yore, to pay for their sins in the coin of liberal affirmation. The behavioral issues will take time.
In their interview, Ms. Paglia noted that, the case of Mr. Clinton, “Hypocrisy by partisan feminist leaders really destroyed feminism for a long time.” They might have added that it also helped Donald Trump get elected. Here's hoping the outspoken feminists who have been chummy with Mr. Weinstein, Meryl Streep and Michelle Obama chief among them, don't make that mistake again by giving the grotesque Mr. Weinstein a pass.
The Atlanta Hawks are reportedly listening to trade offers for star power forward Paul Millsap. The New York Knicks should make a run at the three-time All-Star.
The New York Knicks have a rare opportunity to alter the trajectory of the organization for years to come. Though there are a number of players on the open market already, the most recent development may be the one to focus on.
According to Marc Stein of ESPN, the Atlanta Hawks are fielding interest and listening to trade offers for Paul Millsap.
Story posting soon with @WindhorstESPN: ESPN sources say the Hawks have begun listening to trade offers for free agent-to-be Paul Millsap — Marc Stein (@ESPNSteinLine) January 1, 2017
The Knicks should jump at this opportunity.
Millsap is a three-time All-Star and a one-time All-Defensive Second Team honoree. He'll turn 32 years of age on February 10, which could come mere days before they play in their fourth career All-Star Game.
Millsap isn't necessarily a lock for the 2017 All-Star Game, but he's one of the most well-rounded players in the NBA.
Millsap is currently averaging 17.4 points, 8.0 rebounds, 3.7 assists, 1.6 steals, and 0.9 blocks per game. He's also averaging 1.1 3-point field goals made per game in a clear reflection of their complete offensive game.
The question is: what makes Millsap the special player that they are and why should the New York Knicks make a run at acquiring him?
Knicks' Offensive Inconsistency
The New York Knicks have the potential to be one of the most dominant offensive teams in the NBA. There are a number of dynamic scoring threats and crafty playmakers, as well as a head coach who specializes in putting points on the board.
Given the rather sporadic nature of the Knicks' offense, it's safe to believe that adding a star on that end of the floor would be beneficial.
Thus far in 2016-17, New York is averaging 105.5 points per game and 104.2 points per 100 possessions. It's doing so on a true shooting percentage of .530 and an effective field goal percentage of .491.
Though Jeff Hornacek is a brilliant offensive mind and their stars are legitimately dynamic, but New York hasn't been as efficient or effective as it should be.
New York ranks outside of the Top 15 in offensive efficiency and outside of the Top 20 in effective field goal percentage and true shooting percentage. The primary issue with the Knicks' offense is a reluctancy to move the ball.
At 15-7 when they dish out at least 20 assists and 1-10 when they fail to, the Knicks need a player who can create for others.
Millsap's Offensive Versatility
The Atlanta Hawks have been one of the most efficient offensive teams in the NBA under head coach Mike Budenholzer. One of the primary reasons the Hawks have been so effective is the presence of power forward Paul Millsap.
Millsap may not be elite in any one area, but he's one of the most well-rounded and versatile offensive players in the NBA.
[embedded content]
Millsap can attack from the low post, drive from the top of the key, score from midrange, space the floor from beyond the arc, and facilitate. Their versatility has translated from the regular season to the playoffs.
Millsap has played in 81 playoff games and started 36, which includes the 2016 game when they posted 45 points, 13 rebounds, three assists, four blocks, and two steals.
Millsap's ability to step out and space the floor is reason enough to value their presence on the offensive end of the floor. The fact that they can handle the ball and facilitate creates an even stronger value on offense.
Millsap isn't a star because of any one area of focus, but instead their phenomenal versatility that rates amongst the best in the NBA.
Knicks' Defensive Woes
If the New York Knicks' offensive inconsistencies weren't concerning enough, the defense has been atrocious. There's been minimal resistance from perimeter defenders, horrific play against the pick and roll, and a generally poor level of play against the 3-point shot.
If the Knicks aren't going to improve the defense from within, then trading for a player of Paul Millsap's caliber could be the answer.
New York ranks No. 25 in the NBA in both points allowed per game and points allowed per 100 possessions. The Knicks are 5-0 when they allow fewer than 100 points and 11-17 when they fail to hold opponents below that number.
It's also worth noting that the Knicks are 12-4 when opponents score fewer than 105 points and are 4-13 when they allow more than 105 points.
Having established this as true, it's only fair for the Knicks to consider pursuing a player who can stabilize the defense. There have been recent signs of improvement, but there's still clear work to be done.
Trading for a player of Millsap's caliber won't be easy, but he's firmly established themselves as one of the premier defenders in the NBA.
Millsap's Defensive Prowess
As previously alluded to, the New York Knicks are one of the worst defensive teams in the NBA. A season ago, the Atlanta Hawks were one of the best defensive teams in the NBA, with one player shining amongst the rest: Paul Millsap.
Millsap may not have the reputation of an elite defender, but that's exactly what he's become under head coach Mike Budenholzer.
[embedded content]
Millsap made the 2016 All-Defensive Second Team on the strength of their defensive versatility. They held opponents below their average field goal percentage in 2015-16 and limited opponents to 49.2 percent shooting at the rim.
Millsap also ranked No. 1 in Defensive Win Shares and ranked in the Top 5 in Defensive Rating for a Hawks team that ranked No. 2 in Defensive Efficiency.
Millsap has the uncanny ability to protect the rim, disrupt the pick and roll, and pick up slashers and shooters alike. They may only be 6'8″, but they put their near 7'2″ wingspan to great use on the defensive end of the floor.
Millsap is also one of the better defensive rebounders in the Association, which rounds out the type of value that New York needs on defense.
The Millsap-Porzingis Dynamic
The New York Knicks have one of the most dynamic players in the NBA in star power forward Kristaps Porzingis. They also have a resurgent big man in Joakim Noah and two promising young centers in Willy Hernangomez and Kyle O'Quinn.
Intriguing as that group may be, it stands to reason that combining Porzingis with Paul Millsap would solidify the Knicks' interior on both ends.
[embedded content]
Millsap's post defense enables them to defend centers, and their range has helped them evolve into an elite force against power forwards. Porizngis' size and length enable them to dominate the paint and rotate on defense as well as any player in the NBA.
It's also worth noting that Joakim Noah is rounding into form as the player he's expected to be and both Willy Hernangomez and Kyle O'Quinn are improving on that end.
True as that all may be, the combination of Millsap and Porzingis projects to be one of the best in the NBA. They're both borderline elite defensive players who can score in a seemingly infinite number of ways.
The hypothetical starting lineup of Derrick Rose, Carmelo Anthony, Millsap, and Porzingis would undoubtedly elevate the Knicks to contending status.
The question is: can the Knicks actually afford a trade for Millsap? Or would it be wiser to wait until free agency?
More from Daily Knicks
This article originally appeared on
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. They joined The Telegraph in 2006.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) A.J. Griffin pitched six scoreless innings in their return to the Oakland Coliseum, Nomar Mazara had two hits and three RBIS, and the Texas Rangers beat the Athletics 7-0 on Monday night.
Carlos Gomez and Mike Napoli added two RBIs apiece to help Texas end a three-game skid.
Griffin (2-0) spent their first two seasons in the majors with the A's before being released near the end of 2015 after Tommy John surgery a year earlier. They hadn't pitched at the Coliseum since making their final start for Oakland on Sept. 18, 2013. They looked very comfortable in their return.
The Rangers' shaggy-haired right-hander allowed one hit and one walk, retired the final 14 batters they faced and finished with eight strikeouts – one shy of their career high.
Three Texas relievers combined for the final nine outs to complete the three-hitter.
It was a rough day all around for Oakland, which extended its season-high losing streak to four games. The's had only five baserunners and one got past second base.
Before the game Oakland placed opening day starter Kendall Graveman on the 10-day disabled list with a strained right shoulder and announced that shortstop Marcus Semien will undergo surgery to repair a broken bone in their right wrist.
Texas opened the game with three consecutive hits off A's starter Jharel Cotton (1-2) then pulled away with a four-run fifth.
Mazara had an RBI double in the first and a two-run single in the eighth.
The start of the game was delayed eight minutes due to rain, one day after the A's home game against Houston was postponed due to weather.
Cotton allowed five runs over 5 1/3 innings. The right-hander retired 12 straight during one stretch but walked four batters, three of which scored.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Closer Sam Dyson was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a bruise on their right hand, one day after the pitcher blew a save for the third time this season. Dyson was hurt while trying to field a comebacker in the ninth inning of Sunday's 8-7 loss in Seattle. … Right-hander Keone Kela was recalled from Triple-A Round Rock.
Athletics: Semien will undergo surgery Tuesday and will have another CT scan in six weeks to be re-evaluated. … Bruce Maxwell was called up from Triple-A Nashville. . Sonny Gray threw 47 pitches over 2 2/3 innings during an outing in extended spring training.
UP NEXT
Texas right-hander Yu Darvish (1-1) faces the A's for the second time this season on Tuesday while Oakland counters with right-hander Andrew Triggs (2-0). Darvish suffered their only loss this year against the A's on April 8.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Neymar slammed conditions in Bolivia as "inhuman" after Brazil players needed oxygen following their 0-0 World Cup qualifying draw in La Paz on Thursday.
The result mattered little for Brazil, who had already secured their position as group winners, but it proved to be a frustrating day in the Bolivian capital.
Bolivia goalkeeper Carlos Lampe stole the show, producing a wonderful performance to keep Brazil at bay, denying Neymar, Gabriel Jesus, Willian and Dani Alves.
Conditions in La Paz are notoriously difficult for most foreign players due to the altitude, with its estimated elevation of 3,650 metres above sea level making it the highest capital city in the world.
As a result of the altitude, many Brazil players had to take on oxygen after the match and Neymar was particularly vocal about such a situation.
They wrote on Instagram: "Inhuman to play in such conditions, field, altitude, ball… Everything [was] bad.
"But we were happy for the performance of the team even with these conditions."
LONDON — The U.K. and European Union announced a breakthrough in Brexit talks early Friday, resolving the contentious issue of the Irish border which earlier this week threatened to derail the divorce negotiations.
In a series of late-night phone calls, British Prime Minister Theresa May — along with Irish and E.U. leaders — hashed out how Brexit will affect the 310-mile border between Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K., and the Irish Republic, which is not. Until now, the dispute had blocked significant progress on Brexit.
“I believe that we have now made the breakthrough that we needed,” European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told reporters in Brussels.
British Prime Minister Theresa May and EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker speak to reporters in Brussels, Belgium, on Friday. Olivier Hoslet / EPA
Juncker said that “sufficient progress has been achieved” on three key issues at the heart of Britain leaving the 28-country bloc to recommend that talks proceed to determine their future relationship and a trade deal.
E.U. leaders are due to meet in Brussels next Thursday and are expected to endorse Juncker's assessment that enough progress has been made on the terms of Britain's financial settlement, the status of Irish borders and the rights of citizens hit by Brexit.
But European Council President Donald Tusk cautioned that “the most difficult challenge is still ahead.”
May said getting to this point had required "give and take from both sides."
The British prime minister said the agreement guaranteed that there would be no so-called “hard border” on the island of Ireland, which many feared would spark a return to the sectarian violence known as “The Troubles” that plagued the region during much of the late 20th century.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Brexit Threatens to Shatter Northern Ireland's Fragile Peace 6:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Existing rules allow people and goods to pass freely between the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland with no border checks. Ireland wants to preserve the current arrangement, which has eased tensions along the border. May is struggling to balance those demands against the concerns of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party, which they rely on to support their government in Parliament.
Earlier this week, the DUP scuttled a deal between the U.K and the bloc, prompting the frantic diplomacy.
DUP leader Arlene Foster appeared satisfied Friday, saying that the agreement gave "very clear confirmation that the entirety of the United Kingdom is leaving the European Union."
However, the agreement doesn't give details of how the thorny border issue will be solved, noting that much depends on the outcome of trade talks between Britain and the E.U.
Britain and the E.U. also came to an agreement on the rights of citizens hit by Brexit.
“ So far so good, but very little has been resolved”
May said the three million E.U. citizens living in the U.K. will have their rights enshrined in U.K. law and enforced in British courts. “They will be able to go on living as before,” they said. Crucially, the U.K. agreed that the European Court of Justice would have final jurisdiction on the issue for eight years after Brexit.
The agreement also stipulated that the so-called divorce bill — how much the U.K. owed the European Union — will be paid over time, rather than in a lump sum. An official figure for the total cost of this commitment has not been released. However, British newspapers recently suggested the divorce bill would be around 50 billion euros — or $59 billion.
Britain will leave the E.U. on March 29, 2019, but negotiations must be wrapped up within a year to leave time for parliaments to endorse any deal.
Anand Menon, the director of U.K. in a Changing E.U., a research group based at King's College London, said they thought Juncker and May's agreement made a final deal on Brexit more likely. However, what that would look like remained unclear.
“This is simply a progress report," they said. “So far so good, but very little has been resolved.”
Edward Burke, a professor of international relations at the University of Nottingham, said the agreement went a long way to address the concerns of future British-Irish relations and to maintaining peace in Northern Ireland.
“We've managed to roll back on the poisonously acrimonious series of negotiations we've had for almost a year and a half and finally have some real clarity and meat on the bone on how the U.K. is going to advance in its Brexit negotiations,” they added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Inspiring America: Couple Turns Cancer Diagnosis Into Love Story 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Debra Bradley and Gary Gross did all the usual things all couples do.
They went to wine tastings together, watched plays, attended concerts and planned casual dinners with friends. But when their sunny world was dimmed by a tragic discovery last March, Bradley and Gross defied the odds and found the meaning of true love, which they believe give them the strength to persevere.
In March 2016, Bradley got the shocking news that they were diagnosed with what experts call the most lethal form of cancer — stage-four pancreatic cancer — and that it had already spread to their liver.
"I couldn't have been more shocked, and like everybody that hears the cancer word, you're terrified at first. And then, when it's paired with pancreatic, you suddenly have this very bleak outlook," Bradley said.
The next day, the couple scheduled several appointments with oncologists, desperate to find an effective treatment. As the doctors handed Bradley a virtual death sentence — only a 5 percent survival rate — they looked at Gross and said: "I don't think I can do this. I don't see how I can ever go through this. I can't do this alone."
But Gross had a surprising response: "You're never going to."
"I got down on one knee and said, 'Will you marry me?'" Gross said. "I don't know what I had in my hand — it wasn't a ring. It might have been a rubber band. I don't remember."
After vowing to love each other in sickness and in health at their wedding, which was conducted by a justice of the peace, the couple made their way to the Emory Winship Cancer Institute.
Refusing to accept their bleak prognosis, the couple met with renowned oncologist Bassel El-Rayes.
El-Rayes proposed a recently developed treatment — an experimental trial to test a new drug called BBI-608. While regular chemotherapy treatments solely shrink a tumor, there was a possibility that the new drug could essentially thwart the cancer cells from multiplying.
Now, almost nine months later, Bradley is cancer free, and they said they owe their success to the man they call their "knight in shining armor."
"I would have never been able to get through it if it had not been for him," Bradley said.
Although the initial diagnosis, combined with the experimental treatment, may have been a long, hard trek, Bradley said they believed they discovered the meaning of true love along the way.
"You find out what real love is all about when your life is turned upside down and your Saturdays and Sundays consist of holding your wife's head out of the toilet," they said. "When you no longer look like you did on the day that you met — you're always sick, you've lost 17 pounds, your clothes don't fit, and yet they still say you're beautiful."
The couple is looking forward to their trip to Paris, which Gross surprised Bradley with to celebrate their commitment.
On a Valentine's Day they weren't sure they'd get to spend together, the couple has a message: "Love gives you hope when things are their darkest. It gives you something to hold on to. It gives you something to look forward to."
Hiring CrossFit coaches for summer and fall 2017. Prefer applicants with a CrossFit Level 1 Certification or wiling to obtain within 3 months of hiring date. Please send all questions or concerns to johanna.valencia@ttu.edu.
Jerome Reid, BEd'17
Age: 47
Faculty: Education
Specialization: Primary and Junior (Kindergarten to Grade 6) Education
When Jerome Reid graduates with a Bachelor of Education this Convocation, it will be the beginning of a hard-won second career. The former tax auditor and police constable candidate, and single father of two, drove from Mississauga to London every week for two years to attend classes and keep a stable home life for their daughters. Often, they napped in their car in the parking lot of the Education building before and after their long commutes and showered in the change rooms. No one knew but them and the janitors. Today, the hard work has paid off as he's poised to take on a career in education – their calling.
“As I take a moment to reflect on two years' worth of studies, teaching experiences and the impact of a Global Opportunities Award, I am only now beginning to fully appreciate how much effort it took for me to achieve this goal,” Reid said. “My Western experience has been beautiful. I couldn't have expected anything better than what I've had. The program is very intense and I got to have so many different experiences with my practicums. It's been a journey. But, it was worth it. It gave me a whole new love and respect for Western. It's all positive. This is my calling – I was meant to be here.”
Western hosts its 309th Convocation June 9-21. Click here to watch every ceremony live.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - UofL Interim President Dr. Greg Postel sent a letter to Rick Pitino, accusing the suspended basketball coach of violating several provisions of their contract. (Read the letter here or scroll to the bottom of the page)
>> Complete Coverage: Basketball Bribery Scandal
Dated Oct. 3, the three-page letter signals the university's first formal step toward terminating Pitino's contract for what the school calls "just cause."
The letter was written seven days after the FBI's bombshell investigation into allegations of bribery and corruption involving several prominent college basketball programs.
As part of Pitino's contract, the Hall of Fame coach has the right to be heard by the UofL Athletic Association board, which is scheduled to meet on Oct. 16.
This story is being updated.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Edmonton police say a body found at the scene of an apartment fire on Wednesday afternoon is being treated as a suspicious death.
The fire, which was spotted by police officers who noticed smoke as they drove by the building and alerted the tenants, broke out at about 3:30 p.m. (in the area of 117 Avenue and 80 Street).
The body of an unidentified male was found in one of the units a short time later.
Arson unit investigators have deemed the fire suspicious but there was no immediate word on the cause.
Homicide detectives have now taken over the investigation into the death.
Anyone with information is asked to contact police or Crime Stoppers.
Two Toronto scientists, Michael Spino and Fernando Tricta, will jointly receive the Humanitarian of the Year Award from Cooley's Anemia Foundation Gala in New York City on June 8 for their work on a medication that clears excess iron from the bodies of patients with thalassemia, a red blood cell disorder.
Thalassemia is a genetic disease in which the body doesn't produce enough red blood cells, so patients require blood transfusions every two to four weeks for their entire lives. A side effect of those transfusions is a buildup of iron around vital organs — most commonly, the heart.
Before the approval of deferiprone, patients with thalassemia had to undergo eight- to twelve-hour long overnight injections directly into their stomach.
“I tried it once,” said Tricta. “I tried to sleep with this. I injected myself for one night and it's not a pleasant experience. And this is every single day.”
With deferiprone oral tablets, patients simply take a few pills a day.
They never gave up on us
Maria Hadjidemetriou was diagnosed with thalassemia when they were two years old. “We woke up with abscesses, black and blue marks and bumps that looks like tumors. It's very uncomfortable,” they said.
Tricta is from Brazil, and started their career by founding the first Brazilian treatment centre for children with thalassemia. They saw the daily struggle and pain of the injections wearing on the kids and their parents, and began searching for an easier solution.
“We knew that if they would not take those injections at least five days a week, every week, the (chance) for them to survive would be very little. But you can understand how hard it is,” they said. “The problem is when they become adolescents and then they think that, ‘nothing's gonna happen to me,' and they decrease their use of medication. That's when we used to see the patients die. They go into heart failure and they die, in front of our eyes.”
Tricta took notice of a group of scientists from London's King's College, who created a drug called deferiprone. In 1996, ApoPharma's Michael Spino asked if Tricta would assist them in developing the drug. Initially, they said no, as they were cautious about making the leap from academia to a pharmaceutical company, but Spino was eventually able to convince them it was in the public interest.
“He said the commercial interests would never trump the welfare of the patients,” said Tricta.
Although licensed for use in Europe and Asia for years, deferiprone was approved in the U.S. in 2011, and in Canada in 2015 — but not without controversy.
In 1989, Toronto haematologist Nancy Olivieri began to study the drug. Later, with their research partially funded by Apotex, the mother corporation to ApoPharma, Olivieri became concerned about the efficacy and safety of the drug. Apotex tried to block them from telling patients about their concerns, noting that they had signed a confidentiality agreement. They told patients anyway, and Apotex ended the portion of the study that they were working on. Apotex contested their findings based on results from their clinical trials.
In 1998, Olivieri and seven others wrote a paper published in the New England Journal of Medicine that suggested deferiprone led to progressive hepatic fibrosis. Regardless, the drug is now used in more than 50 countries.
Hadjidemetriou describes deferiprone as “fantastic.”
“My breathing got better … And it got better and better and better as the days went on.”
They hold Tricta and Spino in high regard. “They never gave up on us.”
“As a clinician, I could not have greater satisfaction in my life that I have participated in something that has impacted so many lives,” said Tricta. “I'm very honoured and humbled by this award.”
2017 will begin with a high-profile TV scheduling showdown as BBC1's new entertainment format Let it Shine will go head-to-head with The Voice on ITV.
Gary Barlow's new talent show Let it Shine will air from 7pm until 8.25pm on BBC1 on Saturday January 7th, with The Voice - which ITV poached from the BBC - broadcast a little later between 8pm and 9.35pm. This means that the two programmes will overlap by 25 minutes on the night.
The decision to schedule Let it Shine competitively shows that the BBC is in no mood to throw in the towel following its scraps with the Government over the BBC charter and criticisms of its scheduling decisions.
Culture secretary John Whittingdale criticised the BBC's competitive airing of hit shows like Strictly Come Dancing against commercial opposition. Many commercial broadcasters including ITV have been openly critical of the BBC's scheduling in their submissions to the Government.
In The Voice, show veterans Tom Jones and will.i.am will be joined by new recruits Jennifer Hudson and Bush singer Gavin Rossdale when the singing contest makes its ITV debut.
Let it Shine sees the judges spend eight weeks in a search for talented individuals to form a band. The successful ones will eventually join the cast of a brand-new stage show featuring the music of Barlow's Take That.
Glee star Amber Riley will appear as a judge during the first round of the competition, which will be presented by Graham Norton and Mel Giedroyc.
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Rafael Harvey-Pinard scored twice as the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies routed the Moncton Wildcats 7-1 on Sunday in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League action.
Chris McQuaid scored the eventual winner for the Huskies (18-7-6) at 16:38 of the first period. Felix Bibeau, Hugo Despres, Tommy Beaudoin and Vincent Marleau also scored for Rouyn-Noranda, while Samuel Harvey made 35 saves for the win.
Nicholas Welsh was the lone scorer for the Wildcats (14-16-3). Matthew Waite kicked out 37 shots for Moncton.
The Huskies went 2 for 4 on the power play and the Wildcats couldn't score on their three-man advantages.
—
OLYMPIQUES 4 SEA DOGS 2
SAINT JOHN, N.B. — Alec Malo put away the power-play winner at the 15:09 mark of the third period as Gatineau doubled the Sea Dogs.
Mitchell Balmas, Alex Breton and Giordano Finoro also scored for the Olympiques (17-10-4). Tristan Berube made 28 saves.
Anthony Boucher and William Poirier scored for Saint John (8-19-6), which got 21 stops from Alex D'Orio.
—
DRAKKAR 4 ARMADA 2
BAIE-COMEAU, Que. — Antoine Samuel stopped 45 shots and Jordan Martel scored twice as the Drakkar toppled Blainville-Boisbriand.
Gabriel Fortier and Nathan Legare had the other goals for Baie-Comeau (14-16-2).
Alex Barre-Boulet scored both goals for the Armada (21-7-2). Francis Leclerc combined with Emile Samson for 26 saves.
—
TIGRES 3 SAGUENEENS 2
VICTORIAVILLE, Que. — Jimmy Huntington and Vitalii Abramov scored in the third period as the Tigres rallied past Chicoutimi.
Chase Harwell also chipped in for Victoriaville (14-13-5) and Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 23 saves.
Kelly Klima and Kevin Klima found the back of the net for the Sagueneens (14-15-3). Alexis Shank kicked out 36 shots in defeat.
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
CANADIAN PREMIER JUNIOR HOCKEY LEAGUE
COLDWATER ICE WOLVES
The CPJHL squad might've found their crease tandem for 2018/2019.
15 year old Ty Golden has signed with the Ice Wolves after previously playing with the Sarnia Sting A and AA teams.
Golden joins 18 year old Keaton Morrison, who inked a deal with the club last month.
HURONIA STALLIONS
BANTAM
34-26 win @ York Lions
32-18 win vs Peterborough Wolverines
36-28 loss @ Oakville Titans
69-11 loss vs Brampton Bulldogs
Sunday July 8th vs Toronto Junior Argos
Saturday July 14th @ Scarborough Thunder
Saturday July 21st @ Oshawa Hawkeyes
JUNIOR VARSITY
41-7 loss @ York Lions
56-7 loss vs Peterborough Wolverines
43-7 loss to Etobicoke Eagles
16-2 win @ Brampton Bulldogs
26-16 win vs Sudbury Gladiators
Saturday July 7th vs Quinte Skyhawks
Saturday July 14th @ Scarborough Thunder
Saturday July 21st @ Oshawa Hawkeyes
VARSITY
21-15 loss @ York Lions
24-12 win vs Peterborough Wolverines
16-3 loss vs Etobicoke Eagles
38-23 win @ Oakville Titans
41-20 win vs Sudbury Gladiators
Saturday July 7th vs Cornwall Wildcats
Saturday July 14th @ Scarborough Thunder
Saturday July 21st @ Oshawa Hawkeyes
BARRIE BAYCATS
The Baycats have nine wins in their last ten games thanks to a 14-2 win over the London Majors to open July. The Cats have scored 35 runs in the last 3 games.
SCHEDULE AHEAD
Wednesday July 4th @ Hamilton Cardinals
Thursday July 5th vs. Guelph Royals
Sunday July 8th vs. Burlington Herd
Thursday July 12th @ Burlington Herd
Saturday July 14th vs. Hamilton Cardinals
SENIOR DIVISION
Friday July 6th vs. Mansfield Cubs
Sunday July 8th vs. New Lowell Knights
Thursday July 12th @ Ivy Rangers
Friday July 13th vs. Lisle Astros
Sunday July 15th vs. Ivy Leafs
Thursday July 5th @ New Lowell Knights
Sunday July 8th vs. Bolton Dodgers
Friday July 13th vs. Ivy Leafs
Saturday July 14th @ Orangeville Giants (DOUBLE-HEADER)
15-9 loss @ Ivy Rangers
Tuesday July 3rd vs. Ivy Leafs
Sunday July 8th @ Lisle Astros
Thursday July 12th vs. Clearview Orioles
Tuesday July 17th vs. Ivy Rangers
JUNIOR DIVISION
Wednesday July 4th @ New Lowell Knights
Tuesday July 10th @ Mansfield Cubs
Wednesday July 11th vs. Ivy Blues (DOUBLE-HEADER)
Saturday July 14th @ Orangeville Bengals (DOUBLE-HEADER)
Sunday July 8th @ Mansfield Cubs (DOUBLE-HEADER)
Thursday July 12th vs. Mansfield Cubs
Saturday July 14th @ New Lowell Knights
Sunday July 15th vs. Mansfield Cubs
BARRIE LAKESHORES
The Lakeshores are playing out the schedule with just three games left in their regular season. Two of those games will be at Innisfil Recreation Center.
SCHEDULE AHEAD
Wednesday July 4th @ St. Catharines Athletics
Friday July 6th vs. Six Nations Arrows
Sunday July 8th vs. Peterborough Lakers
BARRIE BOMBERS
The Bombers dropped the opener of their Eastern Division Semi-final 13-2 to the Peterborough Lakers Saturday.
SCHEDULE AHEAD
Game Two – Thursday July 5th vs. Peterborough Lakers 8:00pm
Game Three – Saturday July 7th @ Peterborough Lakers 7:00pm
Richard Shaw believes Crystal Palace's young players will benefit from the experience of facing a much older Millwall side.
Palace's U23 side lost out 2-1 in a south London derby yesterday (Friday), with Millwall scoring a late winner to deny Shaw's young side a point, after Andre Coker had equalised for the Eagles.
But Shaw said they were proud of their side's efforts against a Millwall side featuring a number of players with first team experience.
"I am really pleased, they were a team full of first team players and when you look at the inexperience of our side, some of them were playing for the first time at this level," Shaw told www.eagles.cpfc.co.uk.
'Give it to Pape Souare' - Crystal Palace fans have their say on player of the month vote
"That was a really tough game for us and I am so proud of how hard they worked, the shape they played and the togetherness they showed.
"I just thought they were so unlucky and I think a point would have been what we deserved."
However, Shaw admitted there were things to work on for their side, adding that they hoped they would learn from the disappointment.
"There are things we can look at like conceding in the last minute, and the game management side of it," they said.
"Millwall did that well, but then they had a lot of first team players there and we are still learning."
Al-Makura urges support for President Buhari
Nasarawa State Governor, Umaru Tanko Al-makura has asked Nigerians to continue their support for the President Mohammadu Buhari led Federal Government in the new year noting that recession will soon be a thing of the past. This was contained in the Governor's 2017 new year message signed by their Special Assistant, Media and Publicity, Mr. Ahmed Tukur and made available to newsmen.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
An angry father rushed at Larry Nassar at the beginning of court Friday and had to be tackled by deputies. Nassar was in court for their third and final sentencing hearing. (Source: Pool/CNN))
(RNN) – The judge overseeing Larry Nassar's court appearance Friday said they would not fine or jail a distraught father of three girls victimized by the convicted sexual predator.
The father, Randall Margraves, rushed at the former USA Gymnastics doctor in court Friday and had to be tackled by deputies. Judge Janice Cunningham said it would be wrong to punish the man, based on the level of Nassar's crimes and the anguish felt by the families, the Associated Press reported.
However, they said it was wrong to combat assault with more assault.
Margraves first asked the judge for time alone with Nassar, which the judge denied. They cursed Nassar and called them a "demon" then lunged toward them before law enforcement officers grabbed him.
"I know it is hard, but I need to ask all of you to try and not react in any physical way," Cunningham said. "It is not appropriate. It does not show the right message. It actually just causes more pain and more discomfort, and certainly we already have enough of that in this courtroom."
Court adjourned and reconvened after order was restored.
Nassar was in court in Eaton County, MI, for their third and final sentencing hearing for multiple counts of sexual abuse, and more than 30 victims have given statements. The charges stem from their time working as a doctor with Twistars, which was considered an elite gymnastics camp in Michigan.
Public statements came from more than 150 victims last week in neighboring Ingham County, where they were sentenced to 40 to 175 years.
The father of Margraves asked the judge to speak, asked the judge for 5 minutes alone in a room with Nassar, when the judge declined, they ran at Nassar. Deputies had to tackle him. pic.twitter.com/FgP8QG3cOR — Alexandra Ilitch (@WLNSAlexandra) February 2, 2018
14:53 Reported News Briefs Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Tishrei 16, 5778 , 06/10/17 Jewish man murdered in Arab town laid to rest Read more Reuven Shmerling laid to rest in Elkana cemetery two days after they were found murdered in nearby Kfar Qasim. ► ◄ Last Briefs
A big issue in moving to digital was security. The academy's senior vice president of awards Bill Freimuth told the LA Times that ensuring its auditors "were happy with their ability to still tabulate the ballots correctly" was key. There were also concerns over becoming a "target for hackers."
But going online has important benefits, including the potential for more accurate and representative voting. This could help the academy avoid the cultural bias it has been accused of in the past. In previous years, award winners like Macklemore and Adele have even called out other artists (Kendrick Lamar and Beyonce, respectively) they felt were more deserving, which is telling of the sense of injustice that has permeated the show recently.
Voting for the 2018 Grammys begins in the fall, and the ceremony is set for Jan. 28, 2018. We'll have to wait till then to see if the new system will result in significant changes to the list of winners.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Benedict XVI, who resigned as pontiff in 2013, has celebrated their 90th birthday with a mug of beer and the company of visitors from their native Bavaria in Germany.
Photos by the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano of the celebration showed Benedict sipping a beer. Their brother, Monsignor Georg Ratzinger, also joined the party and enjoyed a beer.
Looking happy, the frail Benedict also admired a gift basket whose goodies included German sausages.
They were born on April 16, 1927, in southern Germany. But since the birthday coincided this year with Easter Sunday, Benedict was feted on Monday.
On a sunny, mild day, guests sat outside the monastery on Vatican City grounds where Benedict has lived since they became the first pontiff to resign in 600 years, stunning the Catholic Church.
Helen George's character relapsed into alcoholism and was sent away from Nonnatus House
Call the Midwife viewers were close, oh so close, to finishing off an episode without tearing up this week. However, as Sunday night's instalment drew to an end, Helen George's Nurse Trixie Franklin finally came clean about their spiralling alcoholism.
Advertisement
After dealing with their break-up with Christopher and separating a mother from their children in the show's Huntington's Disease storyline, Trixie relapsed into dangerous old habits.
They swigged Vodka secretly in the bathroom. They drank sherry with patients. They skipped their support meetings. And then, finally, they broke down in tears to Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter).
"She's not in a good place." 😥
Trixie continues to battle their demons in this week's #CallTheMidwife. Tonight. 8pm. pic.twitter.com/k71t8B7wai — BBC One (@BBCOne) February 11, 2018
And by this point, viewers at home were really really concerned about Trixie…
Call the midwife did it again! I should be sponsored every by Kleenex every Sunday evening at 8pm. Poor Trixie 😢🍸 #CalltheMidwife — Shar (@shar_t_79) February 11, 2018
Thought I was going to make it through this week's #CallTheMidwife without tears, then Phyllis and Trixie came along and just ripped my heart open. — Mr James 📚 (@MrJamesCCC) February 11, 2018
Many viewers also praised the show for its realistic portrayal of alcohol dependency.
What @helen_george's storyline has highlighted is that an alcoholic isn't always someone who is permanently drunk. (Which is very much the stereotypical view) but that it can be someone who is dependent on alcohol, particularly as a reward to get them through the day. — Jenni✨ (@lostsoul_x) February 11, 2018
No programme gets to me like #callthemidwife Trixies story is really hitting home as my dad's an alcoholic. @CallTheMidwife1 do an amazing job raising awareness for subjects that's are still taboo in today's society. — lizzie (@xmisssparklex) February 11, 2018
Trixie's alcoholism storyline -the reality of many, functioning undetected in society #callthemidwife — MissSeaPeaches (@MissSeaPeaches) February 11, 2018
Then came the real tear-jerker: Sister Julienne told the struggling Trixie to leave Nonnatus House for six months to get treatment.
And people are really going to miss her…
#HelenGeorge #Callthemidwife We're going to miss you from our screens Helen, your character Trixie is one of my faves. https://t.co/H6l70bCj4p — sharon (@sharonsfeed) February 11, 2018
I knew I would but I still cried like a baby at #callthemidwife Trixie's story was so upsetting but I'm glad she's looking after herself. @helen_george is just so good at bringing the heart & truth to Trixie. Now hopefully next season we get a more long term happiness for Trixie pic.twitter.com/hbNDof7Nnx — Jaime (@WeWanderLost) February 12, 2018
Once again tonight's @CallTheMidwife1 has hit me right in the feels, every week without fail the tears flow, I hope that Trixie gets all the help they deserve 😢#callthemidwife — Mr David 🦓🐨❤️👬 (@zebradavid) February 11, 2018
But worry not: Trixie will return to Call the Midwife. Helen George simply took time off the show when their baby bump (don't tell us you haven't noticed) could no longer be hidden.
Advertisement
As writer Heidi Thomas told fans at a screening last year, Helen George will only be gone for a couple of episodes after appearing briefly at the start of next week's instalment. Which means you're probably due to shed even more tears for Trixie next week.
It started as an annoyance and quickly grew into a serious problem. A chewed up roll of shop towels, holy rags, rice-sized turds scattered on the counters in our garage — seemingly small observations altered me to their presence. The problem seemed more concerning when I discovered nearly a full bag of bird seed had been eaten over the summer.
The mice inhabiting our detached garage have become a problem, and it seems to be a growing problem. After discovering the pile of sunflower seed shells behind the radio, I cleaned the garage thoroughly and removed any other sources of food. However, I didn't consider the shop towels or microfiber rags we leave out there. And so, they were left with a perfect source of warm winter bedding.
We started setting traps when we realized removing their food source didn't deter them from our garage. We stashed the rags and shop towels in sealed plastic containers, cleaned up their poop and left behind snap traps baited with peanut butter. To our surprise, we had early success. Of the first four traps we set, two killed mice.
Too much success
The peanut butter worked so well and the results came so effortlessly we decided to put out more traps the second time. Six traps primed with peanut butter, adorned the wooden baseboard that runs along the walls in our garage. It must be to-die-for because this time we went 5-of-6.
Killing seven mice in such a short span of time can make you feel one of two ways. Either you feel great that your success rate is 70 percent or you're a bit concerned you're so successful because you've got a big problem and you're only scratching the surface. I relate more to the latter set of emotions, which has inspired me to take precautions and make sure I'm taking the necessary steps to get my garage back and keep it mouse-free.
Ohio mice
There are six different types of Ohio mice. Some are more likely to inhabit your home than others. It's important to identify which type is in your house to understand its reproduction cycle, food and shelter preferences and basic habits.
Eastern harvest mouse. The Eastern harvest mouse is brown with a lighter colored belly. It's preferred habitats include old fields, marshes and wet meadows. It likes to eat seeds and grains but has also been known to feed on grasshoppers and crickets. It's breeding period stretches from May to November. Females will have litters of two to five young after a gestation period of 21 days.
House mouse. The house mouse is a small grey-brown mouse with a grey or buff belly and scale tail. These mice most commonly live near humans, usually living in buildings and occasionally fields. They eat plant matter, insects and meat. The house mouse reproduces often, having litters of three to 11 young after a gestation period of 18 to 21 days.
Meadow jumping mouse. The meadow jumping mouse is easily distinguished by its olive-yellow fur, long tail and large hind feet. It prefers to live in low, moist grasslands, avoiding wooded areas. The meadow jumping mouse will breed after hibernation in April or May. Females have two to three litters of four to five young a year after 18 to 21 days of gestation.
North American deer mouse. The deer mouse is small like the house mouse, but its color ranges from pale gray to deep reddish brown. Its tail is bicolored with white below and dark above. The deer mouse is very adaptable, inhabiting forests, grasslands, brushlands, agricultural fields and deserts. They eat a wide variety of plant and animal matter including seeds, fruits, flowers and insects.
White-footed deermouse. The white-footed deermouse can range in color from a pale to rich reddish brown with a white belly and feet. It is also characterized by a tail that is shorter than the length of its body. The deermouse can live in a variety of habitats but prefers woody or brushy areas. It is the most abundant rodent in mixed forests and agricultural fields in the United States, according to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. The deermouse's diet consists of seeds, nuts, fungi and insects. It produces two to four litters per year from March to June, having two to six young in a litter after a gestation period of 22 to 28 days.
Woodland jumping mouse. The woodland jumping mouse can be easily identified by its yellow sides, brown back, white belly, large hind feet and long white-tipped tail. These mice prefer bushy areas near water and wet bogs or stream borders. They feed mostly on seeds, fruits, fungi and insects. Woodland mice reproduce from June to September after emerging from hibernation. They produce only one or two litters of three to five young per year, after a gestation period of 29 days.
Mouse Control
Once you've identified which type of mouse has inhabited your home, it will be easier to get rid of it. And the sooner the better. As you discovered in the above section, mice reproduce quickly and your problem can escalate over the course of months.
There are many reasons to want to get rid of mice. Some people are creeped out by them. Some don't like the mess they make. Some don't want them damaging their home and the items inside. All are valid reasons, but it's also important to note that they can be very dangerous to human health. Their urine can cause allergies in children, they can transmit human diseases and they can bring fleas, mites, ticks and lice into your home.
So how do you get them out of your house and keep them out? It's simple. You eliminate easy access to your home, make it harder for them to find food and reduce the amount of shelter materials laying around. This is a three-step process — sanitation, mouse-proof construction and population reduction.
Sealing off entrances
The most permanent form of mouse control is eliminating all openings that they can enter through. You'll need to seal any opening larger than 1/4 inch to exclude mice. Make sure to tightly seal all cracks and openings in building foundations and openings for water pipes, vents and utilities with metal or concrete. Use rodent-proof materials such as copper mesh, hardware cloth and silicone sealant to seal any potential entrance. You can eliminate gaps around pipes with steel wool and caulk or mortar. You can seal larger openings by using aluminum flashing or ¼ inch wire mesh. Check to see that doors, windows and screens fit tightly as well, and consider installing door sweeps under doors.
Sanitation
Mice can survive on limited amounts of food and shelter, so it's almost impossible to eliminate entire populations. However, limiting the availability of food water and shelter can prevent an infestation. You can start by keeping your living areas uncluttered inside and out.
Inside your home, you want to clean up crumbs and spills quickly and store food and pet food up off the floor in sealed containers with fitted lids.
Reduce clutter, including piles of old newspapers, mail, boxes or any other sort of nesting material.
Make sure you fix any leaky faucets and pipes inside or outside your home.
Keep your yard maintained and free of debris piles.
Dispose of trash regularly.
Store firewood away from your home.
Although sanitation probably won't eliminate mice, a lack of it will attract them and allow them to thrive. Try to eliminate places where mice can find food and shelter. If they have few places to rest, hide or build nests and rear young with easy access to a food source, they cannot survive in large numbers.
Population reduction
Inside your home, snap traps are the best option because they don't contain pesticides that can be harmful to your children other pets and they give you an opportunity to remove the body immediately. However, you will have to be mindful of where you put them, keeping them out of the reach of pets and children. The best places are places the mouse has been — places where you've found a nest, evidence of chewing, crumbs or feces. Usually, these places are hidden in dark corners, against walls where the mouse can move about undetected.
I like to use peanut butter for bait, but you can also try caramel or nesting materials of cotton balls or cloth. To avoid trap shyness, you can try baiting the trap and leaving it out unset until the bait has been taken at least once. Then bait and set the trap to get rid of the mouse for good the second time. The best time to set traps is at night because mice are most active during that time.
Rodenticides
These poisonous mouse and rat baits can be purchased in pellet form to eliminate pests. However, it's not recommended that you use them in your home as they can accidentally poison a child or pet. You also run the risk of a mouse dying inside a wall. It will not only smell terrible, but it could also attract insects.
Not recommended
Glue traps. Although they are non-toxic, it's not a good idea to use them. When disposing of them, you'll have to deal with the live mouse, risking getting bitten. And because they don't kill the mouse right away, they are cruel.
Box traps. Traps that capture the animal alive to be released elsewhere generally aren't a good idea because relocating a mouse is very stressful for the mouse and survival isn't likely anyway.
Noise machines. Mice get used to repeated noises, so these devices aren't very effective.
Resources
The Ravens don't know the dates, but they now know exactly who they'll be playing in 2017.
Now that the regular-season is over, the Ravens' final two opponents have been determined.
Since the Ravens finished in second place in the AFC North, they will face the other second-place teams in select conferences: the AFC East's Miami Dolphins and AFC West's Oakland Raiders.
The Ravens will play the entire AFC South and NFC North next year.
Week 17's slate changed things, as the Raiders' loss and Chiefs' win gave Kansas City the AFC West division title and dropped the Raiders into second place.
Below are the Ravens' 2017 opponents. The NFL will announce the dates and times of the games in April.
Home:
Pittsburgh Steelers
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Chicago Bears
Detroit Lions
Miami Dolphins
Away:
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Pittsburgh Steelers
Jacksonville Jaguars
Tennessee Titans
Green Bay Packers
Minnesota Vikings
Oakland Raiders
Two men are in jail, after Lancaster County deputies find over 100 credit cards with stolen information on them, during a traffic stop Tuesday morning in west Lincoln.
Sheriff Terry Wagner says a mini van was stopped for speeding on Interstate 80 at the NW 48th Street exit around 8:30am. Based on behavior, deputies searched the mini van and found a pouch in a rear storage area that contained 118 credit cards.
Those cards were re-swiped to get credit card information from several victims.
Deputies arrested 31-year-old Angel Martinez-Coca of Grand Island and 49-year-old Juan Lopez of Hollywood, Florida. Both men are in jail for criminal possession of a financial transaction device.
Ndamukong Suh admits they think about making Hall of Fame
Most athletes dream about making it to the Hall of Fame someday. Ndamukong Suh is bold enough to admit it publicly.
The Miami Dolphins defensive tackle admitted that, despite still being relatively young, they have already thought about being enshrined in Canton.
“I'd be lying to you if I said I didn't,” Suh said, via Adam Beasley of the Miami Herald. “Everybody thinks about the Hall of Fame. One of the first trips I took, I remember going to the Hall of Fame in Canton. I've been a couple of times. I went to see teammates there for breaking particular records — Calvin [Johnson], Matt Stafford, other guys like that. I'd love to be a part of it.
“Charlie Sanders, one of the best [tight ends] in Detroit Lions history, to be there with him, to see their bust, and obviously unfortunately they passed recently, it was special to me. I was really close to him. But yeah, of course you think about the Hall of Fame. But I'm very young. I think at this stage, I have a lot of work ahead of me.”
Suh has some more immediate goals, but why not aim high? He's been an impact player at their position — but he's correct. They have a long way to go.
H/T ProFootballTalk
UEFA has announced a review into a ruling that cleared Paris Saint-Germain of breaching UEFA's Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations.
European football's governing body last month concluded its investigation into transfer contracts and management related accounts at PSG.
UEFA said its club financial control body (CFCB) deemed PSG's accounts to be in line with FFP rules, although transfer activity at the Ligue 1 champions would continue to be monitored.
But on Tuesday UEFA said the chairperson of the CFCB has now opted to "send this decision for review by the adjudicatory chamber".
UEFA added: "This announcement does not pre-judge in any way the result of the review to be conducted by the adjudicatory chamber of the CFCB."
Since the end of the 2017-18 campaign, the Ligue 1 champions have seen a number of big-money departures, including Javier Pastore's switch to Roma.
And they believe that activity shows their commitment to meet UEFA's guidelines.
In response, PSG said: "The club was informed of the wish of the trial chamber of the CFCB to review the closing decision of the investigation made by its investigating chamber on 13 June.
"The club states that it has made a significant number of transfers in recent days to comply with the decision of the CFBC and that it will continue, as it has since September 1, 2017, to provide all the information requested by the CFCB and UEFA."
Last week, UEFA announced AC Milan have been banned from the 2018-19 Europa League due to breaching FFP rules.
On the 11 December 2017, The National Library of Wales, Aberystwyth will be offering a free guided tour and tea and coffee in Caffi Pen Dinas to National Lottery players.
The Library of Wales is joining participating National Lottery funded visitor attractions across the UK in saying ‘thanks' to people who have raised money for good causes by buying a lottery ticket.
The National Library of Wales has received £486,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund in the past to fund the Cynefin tithe map project, as well as £100,000 from the Big Lottery Fund to help establish the Library's Volunteering Scheme.
Ros Kerslake, Chief Executive of the Heritage Lottery Fund, said:
“December is a wonderful time to experience the UK's rich, diverse and exciting heritage, which has been transformed by more than £7bn National Lottery funding since 1994. This is a small gesture of thanks and a way of giving something back to the people who buy tickets.”
The idea is simple: any visitor who presents a National Lottery ticket or scratchcard on 11th of December 2017 gets a free guided tour in return, a free cup of tea or coffee in the café, and 10% discount in the Library shop. The free guided tour will be held at 2.15 p.m.
Mererid Boswell of The National Library of Wales said:
“Thanks to National Lottery players we've been able to provide a much wider access to the public to tithe maps and our volunteer project meant that the information included on Places of Wales will be of use to future generations”.
About the library:
The Library is situated in Aberystwyth, on the Ceredigion coast, and must have one of the best views of any Library in the world, looking out over Cardigan Bay.
The National Library of Wales' purpose is to make our culture and heritage accessible to all to learn, research and enjoy.
NLW collections
We are a legal deposit library, which means we have the right to a copy of every publication printed in Britain and Ireland.
But did you also know that our collections include the following?
LONDON (AP) — Here are words millions of readers have waited many years to hear: Lyra Belacqua, and their daemon, are back. The irrepressible young hero of Philip Pullman's fantasy trilogy “His Dark Materials” returns in a new novel being published in Britain and the U.S. on Oct. 19, the first part of a new three-book series collectively entitled “The Book of Dust.” For readers and booksellers, this is news to rival the discovery of a new Harry Potter story. “His Dark Materials” has sold more than 17.5 million copies around the world. It spawned a Hollywood movie, “The Golden Compass,” and a hit stage adaptation. Published between 1995 and 2000, the first three novels – “Northern Lights,” ”The Subtle Knife” and “The Amber Spyglass” – took Lyra from their home at Oxford University's ancient Jordan College to the North Pole and into parallel worlds on a twisting, hazardous quest. (The first book was retitled “The Golden Compass” in North America). In Lyra's intriguingly unfamiliar world, Victorian-style technology mixes with advanced science and society is overshadowed by an oppressive religious hierarchy known as the Magisterium. Humans live alongside witches and armored polar bears, and every person is accompanied by an animal companion known as a daemon (pronounced demon) – essentially their soul made flesh. Yet the 70-year-old Pullman hesitates to call their books fantasy. “I prefer to think I am writing realism,” they said. “I'm writing realism about a different place.” Speaking to The Associated Press from their home in Oxford, Pullman scrupulously guards the secrets of the new book. Even its title has yet to be disclosed. The new book begins a decade before the start of the original trilogy, but Pullman says is not a prequel. Nor is it a sequel. Pullman prefers to call it an “equel,” or companion story. “The first part will deal with something that happened when Lyra was less than 1 year old,” they said. “So in that sense she's the center of the story, but she's not actually an agent in the story.  They are acted upon, so to speak, by other people who are very important. “The second part, which will come out later, will deal with events when Lyra is about 20.” There's a new hero – a boy readers have encountered before “if we were paying attention” – and “a terrifying adventure that takes them into a new world.” Multiple worlds abound in Pullman's complex, philosophically rich fictional multiverse. And Pullman says we will learn a lot more about the nature of Dust, a mysterious substance loathed by the religious authorities in “His Dark Materials.” “The Book of Dust,” published in the U.S. by Random House Children's and in the U.K. by Penguin Random House Children's and David Fickling Books, is likely to be one of the autumn's biggest sellers. James Daunt, managing director of Britain's Waterstone's book store chain, says Pullman ranks with J.K. Rowling in their impact on publishing and reading. Daunt said a generation of young readers “read first Harry Potter, then the complex, gripping and provocative ‘His Dark Materials.'” “Other books, other authors make claims and bring huge rewards, but these two imprint on everyone who calls themselves a reader,” Daunt said. For fans, the mischievous Lyra is one of fiction's great child characters, up there with Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn and Scout Finch from Harper Lee's “To Kill a Mockingbird.” Pullman calls them “this awkward, difficult, prying, nosy, lying, greedy, untrustworthy child.” “She's not a special child,” they said. “She's not divinely gifted or anything like that. But they do have certain characteristics that lead them into trouble and which help them get out of trouble.” Some critics have ranked Pullman's trilogy alongside J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy saga “The Lord of the Rings,” though they don't particularly like the comparison. In Tolkien's Middle Earth, they say, “what's good is good and what's bad is bad and there isn't very much discussion about it.” Pullman prefers fantasy which wrestles with moral ambiguity and has “one foot firmly in this world.”  They are also often contrasted with C.S. Lewis, whose saga “The Chronicles of Narnia” has large doses of Christian allegory. Pullman has called themselves an atheist, and some Christian groups have objected to their negative depiction of organized religion. “His Dark Materials” has been pulled from some Catholic school library shelves in Canada and the United States over the years. Pullman says they think most objections to their books come from people who haven't read them. “His Dark Materials” took its title form John Milton's biblical epic poem “Paradise Lost,” and Pullman's saga has a searching spirituality running alongside its mistrust of organized religion. They say “The Book of Dust” centers on “the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organization, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free.” Global events make that a more pressing and urgent struggle than ever. Pullman says they don't try to draw overt parallels with the real world, but “they are always present in my mind.” “Why do we vote into power people who seem to have the interests of themselves and other large, powerful people in mind rather than ours?” they said. “Why do we vote to do something so obviously self-destructive as leaving the European Union? “I might not be writing about Donald Trump or Brexit or Nigel Farage directly in ‘The Book of Dust,'” they added, but the “questions they pose and the situations they set up are very much part of the world that I'm writing about.” — Jill Lawless on Twitter: http://Twitter.com/JillLawless
Comments
comments
TEMPE, Ariz. — Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is “fully co-operating” with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Mandee Johnson
In late September, Mel Brooks told BBC Radio 4 modern political correctness was killing comedy. Between claiming today's hyper-sensitive sensibilities would never have allowed for films like Blazing Saddles and insisting they had never (and never would) joke about the Holocaust, the famed comedian and filmmaker painted an inconsistent case for comedy against political correctness en masse. Comedians, critics, and Twitter trolls took notice of Brooks' comments, thereby sending the internet into a viral tailspin.
One of the debate's participants was Dana Gould, the former writer and producer for The Simpsons whose new stand-up album, Mr. Funny Man, drops today. “I agree with him,” the 53-year-old comic tells Uproxx. As problematic as this may seem at first glance, however, Gould's honesty — by way of their explanation regarding their learning from, and adapting to, ever-changing trends in acceptable nomenclature and cultural commentary — provides some context.
No comedy album has ever made more envious of the audience who attended the recording than Mr. Funny Man. The bit about President John F. Kennedy and the monkey alone begs for the added visual.
Let me assure you of one thing: it was not what you would describe as “elegant.”
How so?
It's just me cavorting around like a goddamn ape. Nothing attractive going on there. Trust me.
It almost sounds like something you would see during a cutaway scene or joke on The Simpsons. I can imagine the writers saying, “Maybe we can get away with this.”
Yeah. It's funny. I had a very good and healthy stand-up career, and then I went and worked on The Simpsons for seven or eight years. That experience really changed my approach to stand-up. It really made me a much better stand-up, I think. It turned me into a much more specific writer, and it forced me into corners and cul-de-sacs I wouldn't have gone into normally. And I only bring this up because I was talking about it last night with my girlfriend. Doing the show made stand-up really exciting again. Because when I started to go back on the road after I was no longer working for The Simpsons, I didn't have a draw anymore. I had been off the road for seven years. People booked me because they knew me from the show, but I hadn't been out there cultivating a draw. I was not selling out or making giant amounts of money, but to that end, it was very exciting. “Oh shit, this might not work.” It made me a better comedian.
What was your writing process before The Simpsons? Or, for that matter, did you write out any of your material in advance at all?
I sketched things out. Patton Oswalt got me into composition notebooks — the kind that you'd use in college. Those black and white speckle-covered books. They got me into those, whereas before that I would just write on anything I could find. Since then I've graduated to these weird hardcover journals made by Moleskin. That's my current stationary fetish. So what happens is, nine times out of 10 I think up something in the car. You know, just the noodling on an idea. So I'll record it while I'm just driving around, and then I'll write it out. After that, whenever I'm on the road, improvising or trying new things, I'll find those notes and play with them. Expand them. It is rarely, if ever, what you originally envisioned, but the kernel will grow if the laughter is good. That, or it won't if the laughs just don't come. What you write in a notebook is like a blueprint. What you do on stage is a building. The blueprint is just a two-dimensional drawing of what you think the building might be. The building is a living thing, and so it changes and evolves in that way — just as a script is a blueprint for a show or movie.
On Stan Against Evil, we're always throwing away bits. “No, try it this way. Do it this way. Come in that way. Try this differently.” It's just like trying out stuff on stage as a stand-up. The writer thinks that everything they write is precious and must be preserved. but I feel that gets pretty lifeless. It's been my experience that the funniest things in this show, and most other shows, is something improvised in the moment by the writer, the actors, or someone else on the set.
Monsignor Hilarion Capucci, who was an archbishop in Jerusalem when Israel convicted them in 1976 of using their diplomatic status to smuggle arms to Palestinian militants in the occupied West Bank, has died. They were 94.
The Vatican on Monday confirmed reports the Capucci had died in Rome, but provided no details, including when.
A native of Aleppo, Syria, the Greek-Melkite priest had a history of activism linked to the Palestinian and other Middle East conflicts.
After they served two years in an Israeli prison for the conviction, they were released due to Vatican intervention and deported.
They were 86 in 2009 when they were aboard an aid ship bound for the Gaza Strip that Israel intercepted.
In 2000, Capucci led an anti-sanctions delegation to Iraq.
NEW YORK — The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
1:10 p.m.
Law enforcement is stepping up patrols at Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority train stations after a pipe bomb went off in a crowded subway corridor in New York City.
Boston police say that while there doesn't appear to be a specific threat to the area at this time, police are increasing their presence at major MBTA train stations.
MBTA Transit Police Superintendent Richard Sullivan says they contacted the Joint Terrorism Task Force and state and local law enforcement agencies in the wake of the Monday explosion.
Sullivan says additional EDU teams– bomb detecting dogs and their handlers –will be deployed through the system.
The crude pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Massachusetts State Police are monitoring the investigation
——
12:40 p.m.
Law enforcement officials say the 27-year-old man who set off a pipe bomb in the New York City subway came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The officials say Akayed Ullah was living in Brooklyn. They say they told investigators Monday they were inspired by the Islamic State group to carry out an attack, but had no direct contact with the terror group. They say they are speaking with investigators from their hospital bed. The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands
Officials say they assembled the crude device in their apartment. Investigators are talking to witnesses and their family.
The people spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Bangladesh has been expanding its anti-terror operations after grisly attacks killed dozens of people.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the blast.
–By Colleen Long and Michael Balsamo.
——
Noon
The mayor of Paris is expressing support for New York City and those wounded in a pipe bomb explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area.
Mayor Anne Hidalgo said Monday that “New York has been by our side each time we have been hit by attacks and threats, and Paris is also by the side of New York.”
Hidalgo, whose city has been hit by multiple attacks in recent years, said they were thinking of New York Mayor Bill De Blasio after Monday's blast.
Speaking ahead of an international climate summit, they said “when something like that happens in one of our cities, we are all on alert.”
A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State Group went off in a crowded subway corridor, injuring the man and three others.
——
11:55 a.m.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says they have ordered extra security at mass transit hubs in their state following the pipe bomb explosion in a passageway near Times Square in Manhattan.
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service Monday into New York City's Port Authority Bus Terminal.
New York City also has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
——
10:20 a.m.
New York City has reopened its subways amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota (LOH'-tuh) says trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But they say overall service is back to normal.
Law enforcement officials tell The Associated Press that Akayed Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State Group, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
Police say they attached the device to their body with Velcro and zip ties.
— By Colleen Long
——
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if they meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say they sustained burns to their abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
— By Colleen Long
——
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to their body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say they are in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on their abdomen and also to their hands.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
——
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to them and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. They say it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve their ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say they were inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
——
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
——
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
——
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
——
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
——
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honouring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
——
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
——
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centred in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Coronation Street kicks off a hard-hitting homeless plot for Sean Tully next week when a run of bad luck sees the cobbles favourite finding themselves forced to live rough after falling out with their friends, eventually ending up sleeping in a tent in a car park.
Advertisement
Fiz Stape has thrown out their lodger after getting fed up of them not paying their way, after the ex-Underworld machinist struggled to find a job having lied about being employed at a startup company in the city.
Seeking bed and board, the tenacious Tully has pity taken on them by former Rovers boss Liz McDonald, who agrees to let them sleep on their sofa. However, when Sean is then offered Liz's old shifts at the pub by flailing landlady Toyah Battersby, their loyalty to Mrs Mac is forgotten.
Feeling betrayed by Sean, Liz chucks them out too and they desperately contact everyone they know looking for a place to stay but to no avail – stealing a tent from the bins outside the Kabin, they secretly bunk down for the night…
“This can happen to anyone,” says Antony Cotton, who plays Sean. “Earlier this year I got a random message on social media from a lad I had met a few times, they had become homeless and was asking for help. I thought all the classic things that everybody does – that all homeless people are on drugs or there's something wrong with them. But I was thinking, ‘What could have possibly got them in this position?'
“He was living in a tent and I decided to help, I got in touch with the Manchester-based homeless charity Barnabus for advice and I booked them into a Travelodge for three nights and started the ball rolling to get things back on track. This man had lost everything,” continues Cotton. “He'd been robbed, had no front teeth where he'd been beaten up. No wonder people give up.”
When Cotton was told their character would be facing a similar plight, they were struck by the parallels. “Our assistant producer Tony Hammond told me Corrie would be doing a storyline about homelessness in the community and that Sean would be homeless and living in a tent – I couldn't believe it.
“I put the research team in touch with Barnabus. It was weird as I had been doing the research without knowing. One of the scenes is Sean getting the tent out of a bush, where he's hidden it. I knew that was accurate because this guy had done it too. Sean's story is almost identical.”
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
While the first quantum computers, made by the Canadian company D-Wave Systems, Inc., may be no faster than classical PCs, quantum computers of the future hold great potential.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
Qubits, the building blocks of quantum computers, are, for the most part, still a work in progress. Researchers have many different theories as to how they can be created, and they've attempted to do so using various kinds of molecules, individual neutral atoms, ions held in ion traps, and superconducting materials — all with varying degrees of success.
Now, a team from the MIT-Harvard Center for Ultracold Atoms (CUA) has just brought the world one step closer to quantum computing by creating qubits that are able to retain the information they store hundreds of times longer than anyone has previously achieved.
The CUA team's research utilizes very simple two-atom molecules made of potassium and sodium, which were cooled to temperatures just a few ten-millionths of a degree above absolute zero. The team was able to perfectly control the molecules, achieving the lowest possible state of rotation, vibration, and nuclear spin alignment. This control, combined with the chemical stability of the molecules, helped make a second-long period of coherence possible.
“We have strong hopes that we can do one so-called gate — that's an operation between two of these qubits, like addition, subtraction, or that sort of equivalent — in a fraction of a millisecond,” MIT professor of physics Martin Zwierlein said in an MIT News brief. “If you look at the ratio, you could hope to do 10,000 to 100,000 gate operations in the time that we have the coherence in the sample. That has been stated as one of the requirements for a quantum computer, to have that sort of ratio of gate operations to coherence times.”
“The most amazing thing is that [these] molecules are a system which may allow realizing both storage and processing of quantum information, using the very same physical system,” added Columbia University assistant professor Sebastian Will. “That is actually a pretty rare feature that is not typical at all among the qubit systems that are mostly considered today.”
Massive Processing Power
If the team is right, an array of 1,000 of these molecules could carry out calculations so complex, no computer existing today could verify them. In theory, such a computer could factor massive numbers very rapidly, the difficulty of which provides the foundation for the encryption systems that protect today's financial transactions.
Related: How the Atom Came Together: A Brief History of the Atomic Theory (Infographic)
The researchers emphasize that their discovery is an early step on the path to quantum systems and that creating actual quantum computers using this technology could take a decade or more of development. However, they're already looking ahead to the next milestones in the process.
“The next great goal will be to ‘talk' to individual molecules. Then we are really talking quantum information,” Will said in the brief. “If we can trap one molecule, we can trap two. And then we can think about implementing a ‘quantum gate operation' — an elementary calculation — between two molecular qubits that sit next to each other.”
Related Stories:
This article was originally published on Futurism.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 This is the Algorithm That Lets Siri Understand Your Questions 00:02:13
Permira's bid to sell Netafim advances
Six international companies and funds have made it to the second round of bidding for buyout group Permira's 61.3% stake in Israeli irrigation firm Netafim. The contenders are Mexican chemical firm Mexichem; U.S. industrial technologies company Fortive Corp; Singapore's Temasek Holdings, U.S. tools maker Stanley Black & Decker; Chinese investment fund Primavera and Chinese pipe maker Ningxia Qinglong. The sale has set a minimum value of $1.5 billion for the company. All are thought to have committed to maintain the company's three manufacturing sites in Israel for at least 10 years. Netafim is considered the world leader in drip irrigation. Kibbutz Hatzerim owns 32.7% of Netafim and Kibbutz Magal owns 6%. (Yoram Gabison and Reuters)
Hapoalim launches forgiveness program
Bank Hapoalim launched its first program to let small-time borrowers escape their debts. The program is intended to help some 14,000 borrowers against whom collection cases were launched prior to 2013. More than half are thought to owe less than 74,000 shekels ($21,000); their collective debt is estimated at 5 billion shekels. The borrowers are invited to draft an agreement to repay what they owe in up to 24 installments, and can negotiate for a discount of 50% to 90%. The move comes during the bank's high-profile dealings with fallen tycoon Eliezer Fishman, who is personally accountable for a debt of 1.8 billion shekels to the bank. Hapoalim said the timing of its forgiveness program had no connection to the Fishman case. (Michael Rochvarger)
RedHill's gastric drug succeeds in late study
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Israel-based RedHill Biopharma Ltd said its experimental drug to treat gastroenteritis met the main goal in a late-stage study. Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the stomach and intestines that causes vomiting and diarrhea. The trial tested the efficacy and safety of the drug, Bekinda, compared with a placebo, in 321 patients with the condition. Bekinda is a once-daily oral pill formulation of the existing anti-nausea drug ondansetron and is designed to provide relief from nausea and vomiting for 24 hours. Data showed Bekinda can provide patients with 24 hours of relief and works regardless of the initial severity of gastroenteritis, the company said. (Reuters)
TASE paces global markets upward
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange finished Wednesday's trading session with gains, as stocks gained ground around the world. The blue-chip TA-35 index gained 0.3% to close at 1,429 points, while the broader TA-125 gained 0.3% to close at 1,292 points. Bank shares gained 1%, led by Hapoalim and Leumi with gains of 1.4% and 1%, respectively. Real-estate shares gained 0.6%. Total turnover was 1.1 billion shekels. Notable shares included Sodastream, which gained 4.2% after CEO Daniel Birnbaum bought up $1 million in shares. U.S.-based property company Encore Enterprises, controlled by Dr. Bharat Sangani, raised 500 million shekels ($142 million) on the TASE, completing the institutional round of its first bond issue. The company has a relatively low credit rating of BBB+, and the bonds bear interest of up to 7.2%. Meanwhile, the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point after the close of trading in Tel Aviv, to a target range of 1% to 1.25%. (Shelly Appelberg and Eran Azran)
The Hillsboro Police Department has released the following information:
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Abby Lindemood, 29, of Lynchburg, citation for failure to obey traffic control device and failure to file for registration.
Samuel J. Williams, 30, of Hillsboro, citation for driving under suspension.
Breana Aleshire, 19, of Hillsboro, citation speed, 60 mph in a 35 mph zone.
Jeffrey Lynn Garen, 49, of Hillsboro, failure to appear bench warrant.
Miranda Jo Hester, 30, of Greenfield, failure to appear bench warrant.
Trevor Wayne Gibson, 23, of Hillsboro, failure to appear bench warrant.
Wayne A. Neal, 53, of New Vienna, failure to appear bench warrant.
Steven Ray Slone, 28, of Marion, failure to appear bench warrant.
Daniel Lee Meyer, 33, of Fayetteville, failure to appear bench warrant.
Ivan Poe III, 24, of Alexandria Ky., was arrested for theft.
Nov. 29
INCIDENT
At 4:22 p.m., the police department took a report from a residence in the 300 block of North High Street in reference to a bicycle that was removed without permission from the back porch of the residence.
Dec. 3
ACCIDENT
At 11:54 a.m., the police department responded to a crash in the northbound lane of North West Street near the intersection of Harry Sauner Road. Upon officer arrival it was found that an unknown motorist attempted to pass a 2013 Hyundai sedan operated by Mandi Hughes, 36, of Hillsboro, on the right. As the unknown motorist passed Hughes' vehicle it struck the passenger side of Hughes' vehicle. The unknown motorist didn't stop and fled the crash scene.
Dec. 6
ACCIDENT
At 10:18 p.m., the police department responded to a crash in the 100 block of South High Street. Upon officer arrival it was found that Kenneth Storer, 73, of Hillsboro, operating a 2008 Ford truck, was approaching the intersection of High and Main streets in the northbound lane on South High Street. A parked 2015 Chevrolet truck in the 100 block of South High Street was struck by Storer. Storer was cited for reasonable control of vehicle required.
Dec. 7
INCIDENTS
At 1:13 p.m., the police department responded to a residential business facility in the 200 block of Harry Sauner Road in reference to a theft. It was reported that sometime in November money went missing from a cabinet in the facility.
At 11:05 a.m., the police department took a report from a business in the 600 block of South High Street after it was found a bad check was received. An affidavit was completed for receipt of a bad check to the business.
At 7:08 a.m., the police department responded to a residence in the 300 block of North East Street after receiving a call reporting a cell phone being taken from the residence.
Dec. 9
ACCIDENTS
At 5:30 p.m., the police department responded to a crash that occurred in the northbound lane on North East Street approaching Speigel Street. Upon officer arrival it was found that Timothy Bauer, 46, of Leesburg, operating a 2013 Ford truck, lost control of their vehicle due to icy roadway conditions and traveled left of center. James Hodge, 66, of Loveland, operating a 2002 Ford truck, was traveling westbound on North East Street and was struck by Bauer in a side swipe collision causing functional damage to both vehicles.
At 4:17 p.m., the police department responded to a crash in the northbound lane of North West Street approaching the intersection of Harry Sauner Road. Upon officer arrival it was found that William Korte, 33, of Peebles, operating a 2013 Hyundai sedan, attempted to reduce speed to stop for traffic ahead and was unable to do so due to the icy road conditions. Korte's vehicle struck the rear of a 2007 Jeep SUV driven by Kristina Ahrmann, 23, of Hillsboro. Minor damage was caused to both vehicles.
At 4:20 p.m., the police department responded to a crash in the southbound lane of North West Street just past the Harry Sauner Road intersection. Upon officer arrival it was found that Emma Wardlow, 19, of Mowrystown, operating a 2000 Honda sedan, was unable to stop suddenly for the vehicle ahead that was also slowing down for stopped traffic ahead due to icy road conditions. Wardlow's vehicle struck the rear of a 2012 Kia SUV driven by Sydney Hodge, 22, of South Salem.
At 4:36 p.m., the police department responded to a crash in the 100 block of Harry Sauner Road in the eastbound lane. Upon officer arrival it was found that Whitney Campbell, 18, of Hillsboro, operating a 1998 Honda sedan, struck the rear of a 1998 Mercury sedan operated by Michelle Ames, 59, of Wilmington. Ames was stopped to make a left turn into a private drive and Campbell was unable to stop due to road conditions and slid into Ames' vehicle.
At 3:45 p.m., the police department responded to a crash in the area of West Main Street and Willesttville Pike. Upon officer arrival it was found that Nathan Bushatz, 18, of Hillsboro, operating a 1989 Ford truck, was traveling eastbound on West Main Street and was approaching the intersection at Willettsville Pike when their vehicle struck a 2007 Lincoln SUV that was parked at a business in the 400 block of West Main Street, due to Bushatz's vehicle sliding off of the roadway, caused by icy road conditions, while attempting to stop at the traffic control device. Both vehicles sustained minor damage.
STATISTICS
The statistics for the week running Monday, Dec. 4 through Sunday, Dec. 10 are as follows: The police department received 477 calls (16 – 911), investigated seven crashes, took 14 offense reports, made 29 arrests, and completed 139 security checks.
