The protagonists, the production… everything has a few screws loose in “Buddies in India” — a Chinese action-comedy in which a naive monkey trainer and a coddled tycoon's son are forced to travel to India together. Mainland comedian/martial artist and first-time director Wang Baoqiang plugs into the frenemy road movie formula from colossal hit “Lost in Thailand” (in which they starred) while aiming to recapture the spirit of Jackie Chan's mid-career blockbusters. Unfortunately, he's hamstrung by their inexperience as a helmer, and the film ends up as an improbable mess full of rowdy vulgarity. Still, such is the craving for family entertainment during China's Lunar New Year holidays that “Buddies” made enough friends to gross more than $105 million at the Chinese box office.
One of three projects produced under a China-India state agreement in 2014, “Buddies,” like the other two — Jackie Chan vehicle “Kung Fu Yoga” and Huo Jianqi's “Xuanzang” — are ultimately Chinese films that make use of Indian locations, without significant creative input from Indian talent or cross-cultural perspective.
Wang's pic is a tenuous variation on “Journey to the West” with the two leading roles taking on rudimentary characteristics of Monkey King and Monk Xuanzang, since they're preyed upon by villains all the way to India. As an odd-couple road movie, it's a poor knockoff of “Lost in Thailand,” and screenwriters Shu Huan & Ding Ding (who worked on “Lost”) seem to be making up the escapades as they go along, shamelessly scattering around fat women, fart jokes and even blatant product placements for a brand of condoms. Crucially missing are credible human motivations or skilled balance of physical with verbal humor.
Wu Kong (Wang) lives with a swarm of monkeys in a crumbling loft earmarked for redevelopment. Their kung fu skills enable them to resist eviction until Tang Sen (Bai Ke, leading man in popular web series “Surprise”), the heir to the Bao Tang Property Group, counterattacks with an arsenal of robotic toys — thus setting the infantile, cartoonish tone. Tang's gravely ill dad (Chen Peisi) dispatches them to India to retrieve their will. Naturally, they blackmail Wu into becoming their son's bodyguard.
Like tourists on a package tour, Tang and Wu are rushed off to attend a local wedding where none of them appears to know the bride and groom. Wang, who trained in the Shaolin school of martials arts from an early age, randomly breaks into fights and exhibitionist acrobatics. Next they move to a sari factory decorated solely for them to fight spear-wielding Indian women amid colorful cascading cloths.
By the time the pair sign up for a chili-eating contest presided over by Bull King (Vikramjeet Virk), the audience should give up trying to make sense of the story. The scene is the culmination of all the bruising, insults, and facial grotesqueries that Wu is put through, and accepts with masochistic glee. That any viewer who can laugh along or feel “entertained” is itself rather disturbing.
When the pair finally reach their destination at the Temple of Hanuman, it cues another chopsocky showdown, this time with a lethal assassin whom Tang's scheming uncle Chasu (Huang Bo, reprising a role in “Lost”) has coaxed out of retirement. Portrayed by Liu Xiao Ling Tong, the veteran actor who played Monkey King on TV for decades, their resemblance to the gnarled hero of “Machete” is worth a laugh but not enough of a payoff. The revelation of why Tang Senior contrived to make their son and Wu travel together sounds like a throwaway.
The film's greatest weakness is the sheer outlandishness of the character ensemble, right down to the cameos, and the lack of logical motives for extreme behavior, such as Tang's jilted fling (Liu Yan) who courts them with hot branding irons. Even consummate comedian Huang can't give Chasu more life beyond facial contortions. Wu and Tang seldom get a chance to really bond; they're too busy brawling or dodging assassination attempts. Wu's attachment to their monkeys and Tang's reliance on robotic toys and gadgets for friendship could have made an interesting contrast and bridging point, but it's not properly explored.
Experienced action director Guo Yong (“Rise of the Legend”) devises solid choreography, but their creations are poorly integrated into the plot and physical surroundings. Shot mostly in Rajasthan (where “Kung Fu Yoga” also took place), capturing its imposing culture and colorful scenery onscreen should be a piece of cake for Hong Kong DP Chan Chi-ying, yet their compositions and lighting are shoddy. Some brief Bollywood dance numbers choreographed by the well-known Chinni Prakash are just OK, but help relieve the nonstop brawling. Outtakes of Wang's on-set injuries show obvious Jackie Chan aspirations.
The title, which means “Uproar in Tianzhu (the Tang dynasty name for India) references “Uproar in Heaven,” a famous episode in “Journey to the West,” made into a classic animation in the 1960s.
FOR SOMEONE who hails from Wigan, Wakefield Trinity's Matty Ashurst has not had much luck in the Challenge Cup.
The in-form second-row recalls how their first Wembley final as a child, during a success-laden era when that was Wigan's second home, was in 1998 – when Sheffield Eagles stunned the Cherry and Whites with the biggest upset in the competition's history.
Ashurst hoped to get to Wembley themselves last season only to miss Wakefield's semi-final against Warrington with injury.
That was perhaps not a bad thing; Chris Chester's side were eviscerated 56-12.
They will hope to reach the last four again tonight, though, when they head to Salford Red Devils, the club Ashurst left to join Trinity at the end of 2014.
The West Yorkshire club is certainly in a much better state to hopefully push on for a first visit to Wembley since 1978 even if they did lose 18-16 at home to Leeds Rhinos last Saturday.
For all that was a disappointment, it was their first loss after a run of seven successive wins that had catapulted them up into the top-four bracket.
One of the victories along the way was a 34-24 success at second-placed Salford just 11 days ago which will further encourage Chester's side.
Ashurst, 27, told The Yorkshire Post: “We let ourselves down a bit in that semi last year. I didn't get to play in it either. I played every round but then got injured the week before so I was a bit gutted
“We went there a little under-strength and didn't do ourselves justice. Hopefully, if we get past Salford, we'll go do a better job next time.
“I was about eight when I went to Wembley as a fan – and Wigan lost to Sheffield!
“I have grown up with the Challenge Cup, though, and Wigan doing well in it. It'd be a dream come true if I could get to Wembley and hopefully I can with Wakey.”
Salford's stunning season has taken a slight dip somewhat of late given they followed up that home loss to Wakefield – their first defeat in eight games – with a 34-10 home reverse against Hull FC last Friday.
But Ashurst, who spent three seasons with the City Reds after starting their career at St Helens, maintained: “I don't think there'll be a lot of pressure on them.
“The cup is a different competition and everyone will be fresh and looking forward to this the same as us.
“Obviously, they won't be happy with two home defeats so we will have to be on our game to get the job done.
“It was a good performance over there. Both sides were a bit fatigued on the back of a ‘second Easter' period but they'll be out for revenge and will come out strong.
“They are a good side and that game the other week could easily have gone another way just as ours could have done against Leeds last week. We won't be too disheartened by that loss.
“I really enjoyed my time at Salford. I went there for some regular rugby and really enjoyed it but I'm loving it at Wakefield now and it's probably the most I've ever enjoyed it in my career.”
Such is Ashurst's form this term, with their stellar hard-hitting 80 minute displays in Wakefield's back-row, that there has been talk from some peers that they should be in the England reckoning.
“I don't know – there are a lot of quality players in the England back-row so I'd have to be playing really well to shift any of those,” they said.
“But I'm just concentrating for Wakey, trying to play well week-in, week-out for them.
“Hopefully if I can keep doing that we can keep going up the table and hopefully go further in the Cup, too.
“Doing 80 minutes is tough but I like doing that. And I'm happy doing it, too.”
NATIONAL
North Korea has kicked off a defense conference where a senior ruling party official called for further intensifying the country's nuclear force, the North's state-run news agency said Tuesday.
The 8th Conference of Munitions Industry opened in Pyongyang on Monday to review "the achievement and experience" of the munitions industry and to discuss "measures for ushering in a heyday" of the defense industry, the Korean Central News Agency said in its English and Korean coverage of the conference.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un attended the conference on Monday, along with Thae Jong-su, vice chairperson of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, according to the KCNA reports. They also said it was attended by contributors to the launch of the "intercontinental ballistic missile" Hwasong-15, which the country fired on Nov. 29.
(KCNA-Yonhap)
In their presentation at the conference, the party official said North Korea has confidently joined the ranks of global nuclear and military powers thanks to leader Kim's patriotism and "undaunted spirit of offense."Thae also said the defense industry should continue to strengthen the state nuclear force quantitatively and qualitatively, the reports said."North Korea has laid the solid material and technical ground in the nuclear weapons research field to produce any kinds of strong nuclear weapons," Thae claimed. "A breakthrough has been made for the development of strategic weapons, having researched and completed the production of cutting-edge technologies and materials, which had been the exclusive property of the countries claiming to be military powers in the rocket sector."Referring to the leader, the vice chairperson also said "Kim Jong-un set forth the strategic line of simultaneously pushing forward the economic construction and the building of nuclear force and provided a legal foundation for bolstering up the nuclear force.""This became as a historic turning point in putting the DPRK on the position of a matchless nuclear weapons state and hastening the final victory in the showdown with the US," they added, using the abbreviation for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the North's official name.Thae also talked about the Nov. 29 long-range missile launch, saying that it "is the great victory of the nation, a great event to be specially recorded in the history of the country ... in efforts to carry out the historic cause of completing the state nuclear force."KCNA said the conference "goes on," indicating it may last longer than one day and possibly cover Kim's official remarks in the following days. (Yonhap)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
This has been a relatively mild winter in most parts of northeastern and central Pennsylvania, but one look at the calendar brings back unpleasant memories of the snow storm on Valentine's Day in 2007.
10 years ago, the Newswatch 16 team was out in full force covering the storm that buried many parts of our area.
Photographer Dave Jones was out with reporter Ryan Leckey, and they ended up getting trapped on Interstate 81 in Luzerne County for more than 15 hours.
In this edition of the Video Vault, we revisit some of our team coverage of that storm on February 14, 2007.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Detection Technology Oyj:
* ‍OCTOBER-DECEMBER 2017 NET SALES INCREASED BY 17.0% TO EUR 27.5 MILLION (23.5)​
* OCT-DEC OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT) WAS EUR 7.0 MILLION (5.2)
* FY ‍DIVIDEND EUR 0.35 PER SHARE​
* ‍EXPECTS SALES FOR SECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL APPLICATIONS TO INCREASE SLIGHTLY IN 2018​
* ‍PRICE COMPETITION WILL BE TOUGHER IN ALL COMPANY‘S MARKETS IN 2018​
* ‍DETECTION TECHNOLOGY‘S MEDIUM-TERM BUSINESS OUTLOOK IS UNCHANGED​
* ‍IN TERMS OF MEDICAL APPLICATIONS, COMPANY ESTIMATES THAT SALES WILL INCREASE IN FIRST HALF OF 2018​
* ‍IN TERMS OF MEDICAL APPLICATIONS, COMPANY ESTIMATES THAT SALES WILL DECREASE IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LIMA (Reuters) - A 5.6-magnitude undersea earthquake struck the Pacific Ocean off of Peru's southern coast on Friday, triggering landslides on local roads that killed one person and wounded two, a regional governor said.
Arequipa Governor Yamila Osorio added on Twitter that authorities were working to clear roads affected by landslides from surrounding hills.
The 41-kilometer deep (25.5 miles) quake struck the Pacific some 89 km (55.3 miles) from the coastal city of Canama late on Friday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Starling, the U.K. challenger bank founded by banking veteran Anne Boden, is in the early stages of raising a significant new funding round as part of plans to double down on its newly launched business current account, TechCrunch has learned.
According to a person familiar with the matter, Starling is looking to raise around £80 million in additional capital from new investors. To assist in the process, the company is hiring a new international advisory firm, pointing to an investor search that potentially goes beyond the U.K. and could include large international institutional investors. Up until now, Starling has been funded to the tune of £48 million by hedge fund manager Harald McPike, who, as a result, owns more than 50 per cent of the venture.
The need for Starling to increase its capital is thought to be related to the bank's bid to be one of the recipients of the Capability and Innovation fund, which was set up by Royal Bank of Scotland to fulfill European state aid conditions arising from the bank's £45 billion U.K. government bailout during the financial crisis. The fund will be split into different grants to help “challenger banks and other financial services providers” diversify and develop their business current account offerings for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Thought to be up against incumbents Santander, Metro Bank, Clydesdale Bank, and TSB, Starling is looking well-placed to win the £120 million “Pool A” grant, which is being decided by an independent panel — not least if the fund is to meet its remit of genuinely increasing competition within SME banking. (Starling's Boden has been quite outspoken on the matter.)
Related to this, Starling is busy recruiting a “double-digit” team for its SME banking unit. I understand from sources that executive search consultants have been engaged to work on senior hires and that this will include a new head of SME banking.
Meanwhile, Starling recently launched international payments within its consumer-facing current account, news it published on its blog and that was picked up in the fintech media. However, less well reported it that the bank has quietly dropped its previously announced partnership with fintech unicorn TransferWise.
Back in March 2017, the two companies issued a joint press release detailing the partnership that would have given Starling customers “direct, in-app access” to TransferWise's international money transfer service. The functionality was due to launch the following summer but never materialised (something that seemingly went unnoticed by most outlets). Now I understand the partnership has dissolved entirely as Starling has chosen to go it alone.
Asked what happened, TransferWise's Head of Business, Stuart Gregory, issued the following statement:
“TransferWise is working with many banks to transform international payments for their customers, with more to come in the near future. In this instance Starling have chosen another route but it's fantastic to see they've kept the price transparency of the real exchange rate and clear separate fees.”
Likewise, Starling's Boden told TechCrunch:
“Our partnership with TransferWise was always about meeting customer demands. As we developed out our payments business it became clear to us that integrating with a third party payments provider in the Starling Marketplace didn't offer the best customer experience. We figured that we could provide a better user experience by doing it ourselves. As you know, Starling is all about customer service”.
Of course it's never a good look when two companies announce with fanfare a major partnership that delivers nothing but vapourware — Starling were still briefing that it was working with TransferWise in late 2017 — even if it is perfectly reasonable for an upstart bank to switch strategy as the broader competitive climate changes. In this instance, since the original announcement, Starling has made significant headway on its own Starling Payments business, and TransferWise launched its own “borderless” banking product and debit card. Perhaps this is simply the case that partnering whilst increasing feature parity doesn't always make for happy bedfellows.
The Replacements
For Sale: Live at Maxwell's 1986
(Rhino)
Rating: 4 out of 5 stars
There are Replacements fans and there are Replacements fanatics.
In large part, the latter believe the band peaked in 1986 with Tim, their final studio statement with the original lineup (guitarist Bob Stinson was dismissed due to their erratic behavior later that year). This live double album, excavated from the Warner Brothers vaults, is for them.
It captures a professionally recorded (on 24 tracks) gig from the titular Hoboken, N.J. club on Feb. 4, 1986 towards the end of Stinson's tenure. The 28 song, 83 minute set is a reasonable summation of the Replacements' recorded career until that point with excerpts from all five of their releases. Not surprisingly, six of Tim's 11 tracks are included since that was the new product. But as exprected, the show featured the usual mishmash of covers (“Nowhere Man,” “Black Diamond,” T.Rex's “Baby Strange,” and perhaps most interestingly, a relatively serious reading of the sugary pop trifle “Hitchin' a Ride”), fan favorites, obscurities and trashy throwaways (“Gary's Got a Boner” anyone?). It even has a version of “Ca Hardly Wait” which had yet to appear on an album.
The performance careens from tight, frantic and professional to shambling, erratic and wobbly … basically your typical Replacements show. In that respect, this is historically important since it finds the group at arguably their most incisive and edgy. Still, there are those who hold that Stinson's replacement, Slim Dunlap brought much needed cohesion to the notoriously inconsistent outfit.
The Replacements may not have been a technically great live act, but they were, as their label boss Seymour Stein posits in the disc's liner notes, never less than an “entertaining” one. These warts and all document reflect that attitude of punky, snotty abandon exemplified by a raucous closing “F**K School,” as well as possible, something that's tough without actually being in the sweaty, beer soaked, highly charged club hearing the great “I Will Dare” played in its rawest form.
For those who feel Minneapolis' Replacements should be on a shortlist of great American bands, this is for you. But even others who aren't sure will get a whiff of what all the excitement was about after hearing them at their most exuberant, animated and boisterous, qualities this live recording revels in.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vestas Wind Systems A/S:
* VESTAS TO ACQUIRE UTOPUS INSIGHTS, A LEADING ENERGY ANALYTICS AND DIGITAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY
* VESTAS SAYS ACQUISITION PRICE FOR UTOPUS INSIGHTS IS APPROX. USD 100M
* VESTAS SAYS CONSIDERATION WILL BE PAID IN CASH FROM READILY AVAILABLE SOURCES
* VESTAS- ‍FOR 2017, UTOPUS INSIGHTS IS, ON A STAND-ALONE BASIS, EXPECTED TO REPORT CONSOLIDATED REVENUES BELOW USD 10 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
This November 2017 photo provided by Sarah Macaraeg shows the Cibola County Correctional Center in Milan, N.M. The death of a transgender woman while in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has prompted advocates to demand that LGBT migrant detainees be freed until their cases are heard. (Sarah Macaraeg via AP)
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police said on Saturday they were preparing to search a sunken submarine owned by Danish inventor Peter Madsen who has been charged with the inadvertent manslaughter of a journalist.
The police said that Madsen, 46, was being held in custody for 24 days, accused of killing Swedish woman Kim Wall, 30, who they said had been on their submarine before it sank on Friday.
Madsen was rescued on Friday morning in a navy operation and taken ashore after their homemade 17-metre submarine went down.
The vessel was recovered on Saturday in Koge Bay, south of Copenhagen, at a depth of seven metres, and taken into harbour.
An unidentified woman stands in the tower of the private submarine "UC3 Nautilus" pictured in Copenhagen Harbor, Denmark August 11, 2017. Picture taken August 11, 2017. Anders Valdsted/Scanpix Denmark via REUTERS
It will be partly drained of water and searched by the police late on Saturday and early Sunday.
Madsen, an entrepreneur known as an artist, submarine builder and aerospace engineer, went before a judge on Saturday behind closed doors for preliminary questioning. Their defence lawyer, Betina Hald Engmark, told Reuters they denied the charges.
The police said on Friday the inventor had said they had dropped Wall off in Copenhagen on Thursday night.
The police in Sweden said they had tried without success to contact them by phone and that their family had not heard from them
The submarine, UC3 Nautilus, is one of three constructed by Madsen. It can carry eight people.
Cinemark has renewed its 3D agreement with RealD across its global platform through December 2022.
The national theater chain also plans to install RealD 3D systems in new cinemas during the term of the extension, Cinemark CEO Mark Zoradi and RealD COO Travis Reid announced on Tuesday.
“Cinemark is thrilled to extend our strategic partnership with RealD,” Zoradi said in a statement. “We continue to believe the visual effects of 3D can enhance the on-screen action and further immerse movie-goers into the developing storyline of the film. RealD's technology is first-rate and we value the collaboration with them over the years to ensure Cinemark is among the best and the brightest 3D technology in the industry.”
Reid added, “Cinemark was an early advocate of RealD; their loyalty and commitment has never wavered as they recognized the excitement and added value 3D brings to their theatres. Their long-standing relationship with us is predicated on the highest level of customer satisfaction and demand in their RealD equipped locations. We are extremely pleased to continue collaborating with the Cinemark team as they consistently seek dynamic ways to move the business forward and enhance the overall movie-going experience.”
Box office revenues for 3D films dropped to a record low in 2017, falling 18% to $1.3 billion. That decline was tied to a larger drop in the domestic box office. Overall, North American revenues fell roughly 2% in 2017 to $11.1 billion.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mildenhall boss Kevin Jolly was “shell-shocked” after witnessing their team surrender their 11-match winning run at home with a wretched performance, losing 46-43 to Kent.
The Fen Tigers were second best throughout and yet almost pulled off another late rescue mission when Connor Mountain and Dan Halsey led for nearly two laps of a last heat 5-1 that would have won the meeting by a point, only to blow it when Halsey's engine seized on bend four.
But it would have been an undeserved victory and papered over large cracks that surfaced with four riders pitifully struggling – Luke Ruddick, reserves Danno Verge and Sam Woods, but, most out-of-character of all, Jon Armstrong.
The veteran captain looked like a novice as they struggled with the heavy clay circuit and was on the end of the Kings' three damning 5-1 maximums, including with Ruddick in heat three when they went from first to third inside half a lap having looked at their best for three laps.
Halsey, with four straight wins, and Mountain, beaten in only their third ride, kept Mildenhall just three points behind their play-off rivals for most of the clash until impressive duo Ben Hopwood and Bradley Andrews combined for a devastating heat 12 maximum that extended the gap to seven.
Halsey and Mountain immediately paired for their own one-two response, and Ruddick pulled a penultimate race win out of the bag to give them hope, only for Halsey's mechanical failure to prove the final wound for Jolly.
“That was poor, I think some of them have gone on their holidays,” they said.
“We didn't deserve to win but Dan and Connor did. We got let down and it's a bitter pill to swallow. I'm shell-shocked.
“The track caught us out a little bit but we weren't up for it. There's nothing to smile about.”
Mildenhall – Mountain 13+1 (5 rides), Halsey 12 (5), Jenkins 6+1 (4), Verge 5 (5), Ruddick 4 (4), Armstrong 3 (4), Woods 0 (3)
Kent – Hopwood 15+1 (6), Thomas 10 (6), Andrews 9+1 (5), Rowe 6+3 (5), Roynon 4+1 (4), Hunter 2+1 (4)
DAVID CRANE
In the third period of the Washington Capitals 5-3 win over the Philadephia Flyers Wednesday, T.J. Oshie felt all the weight come off their shoulders, their arms up in the air as they celebrated their first goal in 13 games with their teammates.
“It's pretty nice, pretty relieving getting that goal, hopefully, the floodgates open up here for me,” Oshie said. “You want to be able to help the team, and sometimes, you need a little confirmation by putting one in the back of the net.”
It had been a long time coming for the 31-year-old winger, who has been struggling to produce since returning to the lineup after sitting out six games with a concussion in December. He's played in 16 games since coming back from injury, but has just two goals and seven points over that span; however, they have six points in their last nine games and appears to be turning their game around.
According to Oshie, he's been making adjustments to their game, which include longer time on the ice at practices and different tape jobs, in order to try and ignite a spark to improve their play.
“I've been working on my game a bit, doing different things here and there,” Oshie said. “When you're struggling a little bit to put the puck in the net, you do whatever works.”
Searching for a Spark
In an effort to help Oshie overcome their scoring woes, head coach Barry Trotz put them on the third line with Lars Eller and Brett Connolly, two players who provide a lot of grit and drive, and also have tremendous chemistry. And, that ultimately seemed to do the trick, as Oshie found themselves not only clicking with their new linemates but finding their speed and momentum, which helped them drive the net, crash the crease and create more scoring chances.
According to winger Brett Connolly, Oshie brought a lot to the line, and their energy and ability were prominent with their shift to the third line.
“[Oshie's] obviously a very good player, one of the better offensive players in the league, and when you get a guy like that to come down and play with you, they make your line that much better,” Connolly said. “He's got a lot of compete in their game, a lot of skill, a lot of smart plays… they definitely bring a different element for sure.”
Trotz first put Oshie on the third line in a Jan. 7 against the St. Louis Blues in hopes to ignite offense throughout the lineup. Almost immediately, Oshie responded and found themselves playing with more energy and getting more scoring opportunities. They finished the game with two assists to snap a frustrating five-game point drought. Since then, he's brought a lot more speed to the table and has spent a lot of time playing with that line and hitting their stride, which ultimately carried them back to the top six.
Now, he's playing alongside Nicklas Backstrom and Andre Burakovsky, a line that they believe can click well, especially because of Backstrom's versatility and ability to play with pretty much anyone.
“Sometimes it's instant, sometimes you can't really find it,” Oshie said. “There are a couple of guys I feel like it doesn't matter whether you've played with them or not, you're going to have success. I think [Backstrom] is one of those guys.”
With 32 games left on the schedule, the Capitals are not only looking to maintain a commanding lead over the Metropolitan Division but to also maintain a lot of scoring depth so that they can have a strong playoff run come April. And, according to Trotz, Wednesday's victory, which saw Oshie, Burakovsky and Chandler Stephenson all ending lengthy scoring droughts, proved that Washington has a lot of depth and scoring on their forward lines.
“I think it builds some confidence, because we've had some guys who've been a little dry,” Trotz said. “Obviously I was happy for [Burakovsky], I was happy for [Oshie], it's been a while. I think that's the key, is getting contributions right through your lineup. When we're getting that, we're usually pretty dangerous.
A homeowner in Southern California heard a disturbance one afternoon and found that their pool was occupied by an intruder.
They didn't take immediate action however, as the intruder was relaxing in the hot tub and the homeowner had a feeling they wouldn't want to be disturbed. Plus it was a gigantic bear. Mark Hough was hanging out with their wife in their backyard when they heard a rustling near a fence. They then witnessed the bear climb over the fence, when they and their wife bolted immediately.
They went inside, but left their margaritas behind, which was lucky for the bear because it wasn't long before they found themselves relaxing in their unheated hot tub and then making their way to their margaritas where they lapped up a couple of good tastes.
A bear in Southern California was caught on camera taking a dip in a hot tub and licking up the margarita it knocked over. #summer https://t.co/kiEuf2IILL pic.twitter.com/nz786of4Sj — Fox26 News (@KMPHFOX26) July 3, 2018
Later, Hough watched the bear take a nap in an oak tree before they made their way down the street. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's department received six bear-sighting calls that day, but were unable to find it.
Via NY Post
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FILE - In this Monday, May 14, 2018, file photo, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov prepares to take a question during a news conference in Moscow, Russia. Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday that Lavrov would hold talks with North Korea's foreign policy chief to discuss bilateral issues as well as the overall situation on the Korean peninsula. Alexander Zemlianichenko, File AP Photo
CLOSE Want to submit your letter to the editor? Here is how. Wochit
Letters to the editor (Photo: Gannett)
Trump keeps promise on Jerusalem
President Donald Trump is the first U.S. president to do the right thing in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital and announcing they will move the American embassy there.
Trump took a courageous stand and did what they promised to do during their campaign. It's the right thing to do and may have been one reason the God of Abraham allowed them to win against all odds.
Trump was recognizing reality. The Palestinians have never had a capital or country and for the most part come from Jordan. King David made Jerusalem the capital of the Jewish state 3,000 years ago. A nation has the right to decide on its own capital.
The United Nations is anti-Israel and doesn't agree with Trump about Jerusalem being the capital of Israel. Before Trump took office the U.N. in December 2016 voted to take Judea and Samaria from Israel. In November, calling Israel the occupying power, 151 nations voted in the U.N. to take Jerusalem from Israel.
The Bible in Zechariah 12 says that God will destroy all nations that come against Jerusalem. Hundreds of Bible verses say Jerusalem and Israel belongs to the Jews. Even the Muslim Quran claims Israel belongs to the Jews, says professor Nissin Dana. Verse 7:7 of the Quran says God bequeaths the land of Israel to the Jews. The Bible says God will send judgment on nations that try to divide the land they gave to Israel.
D.D. Nave, Elizabethton, Tenn.
Gun control would reduce mass shootings
It is time to stop gun madness. How many more mass shootings do we have to live through, and how many more people do we have to grieve and bury before Congress takes a step?
I ask that Congress address gun control issue with the urgency of life and death, because it is a life-or-death matter. I ask for:
1. Stricter background checks for potential gun owners.
2. Taking semiautomatic and automatic weapons out of civilian possession.
3. Prohibiting sales of any weapons or ammunition that can be successfully used to kill multiple people at once, like in Vegas.
4. Put a limit on the number if weapons that one person can legally own.
Please, use your power and leadership skills to protect the public and reduce the number of mass shootings. It is in your hands and you can do it.
The argument that guns don't kill people, people kill people, is not supported by the evidence of mass shootings.
Did you know that U.S. is the country with the loosest gun control regulations, the highest number of legally owned civilian weapons per capita and highest number of the mass shootings in the world?
Let's stop kidding ourselves about an important preventive step, namely strict gun control.
Irina Diyankova, Knoxville
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2jrbCQi
NATIONAL
Members of the Korea America Friendship Society post at the annual year-end reception at Millennium Seoul Hilton on Dec. 5. (Korea America Friendship Society)
The Korea America Friendship Society held its annual year-end reception on Dec. 5 that celebrated the two countries' deepening alliance amid growing military threats from North Korea.Some 360 guests, including military officers and noncommissioned members, diplomats, members of the KAFS and their spouses, participated in the event at Millennium Seoul Hilton. Music performances were provided by Songpa-gu Boys and Girls Choir.“Despite the tumultuous international relations surrounding the Korean Peninsula, with a growing possibility of conflict between the US and China, the relationship between Korea and America should be strengthened,” said KAFS President Han Chul-soo, former general and deputy commander in chief of the ROK-US Combined Forces Command.“Based on the alliance, Korea has deterred war on the peninsula, maintained peace for the last seven decades, enrooted democracy and become one of the world's top 11 economic powerhouses.”Seoul, Washington and their international allies and partners should enhance cooperation to counter the escalating threats from the North, Han stressed. They added that the security-based bilateral alliance has evolved into a comprehensive one, including an advanced economic partnership.Mark Knapper, charge d'affaires ad interim the US Embassy in Seoul, said 2017 was a busy year culminating in the state visit of US President Donald Trump to Korea, preceded by Defense Secretary James Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence who came to Korea.“We see these visits as really critical for helping strengthen our bilateral relationship as we face critical issues not just here on the peninsula but around the world,” Knapper said. “We see our alliance bound by not only our shared sacrifice in the battlefield, but also as a friendship that is strengthened every day through our economic, cultural and many other ties.”General Kim Byeong-joo, deputy commander of the ROK-US Combined Forces Command, underscored that the alliance is not only signed on paper but forged in blood in the battlefield.“The KAFS has served as a reliable supporter of our alliance for the past 27 years,” they said, adding the organization has helped deepen friendship through seminars, ceremonies and cultural activities for veterans and soldiers.By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
If you're currently subscribed to T-Mobile or looking to switch to the Un-carrier, these are the deals to watch out for.
T-Mobile's been disrupting the wireless industry in the United States for years now, and a result of this has been big savings for the Un-carrier's subscribers. T-Mobile often runs all sorts of deals and promotions at any given time, and these are the absolute best ones that you should keep your eye on.
Buy one Galaxy phone, get another for free
Samsung makes some of the best Android phones each year, but they often come at a high price. One of T-Mobile's best deals that we recommend lets you get two of Samsung's latest Galaxy phones for the price of one, and taking advantage of it is pretty simple.
All you need to do is purchase two Samsung Galaxy phones on an equipment installment plan, add a new line of service, and then enter promo code Q4MAGSAM17 on T-Mobile's online form. Once accepted, you'll receive a MasterCard prepaid gift card within six to eight weeks for the full value of one of the phones you ordered.
Devices eligible for this promo include the Galaxy Note 8, S8, S8+, and S8 Active. So, if you purchase two Galaxy Note 8s, your MasterCard gift card will be preloaded with $820 for you to spend as you wish. Not bad at all.
See at T-Mobile
Get two LG V30s for the price of one and get a free tablet
If you're more of an LG person, T-Mobile has a nearly identical offer for all of the company's latest flagships. Eligible devices here include the LG V30, V30+, G6, and V20, but we'd recommend only opting for this promo if you plan on getting either the V30 or V30+ since the G6 can be purchased for just $400 unlocked and the V20's over a year old.
Just like the Samsung deal, you'll buy both phones at the same time, submit promo code Q4MAGLG17 through the online form, and then wait six to eight weeks to get your prepaid gift card for the total value of one of the phones. Buying two V30s will score you a gift card of $800, but opting for the V30+ instead will increase that up to $850.
As if that wasn't good enough, you can also combine this with T-Mobile's offer of buying any one of the above LG phones to get a free LG G PadX2 8.0 Plus through the form of 24 monthly bill credits. You'll need to add a new line of service for the free phone, but not for the tablet.
See at T-Mobile
Moto Z2 Force for just $375 with free projector Moto Mod
The Moto Z2 Force is Motorola's flagship phone for 2017, and while it's not necessarily bad, it sure does leave a lot to be desired at its normal price of $720. We wouldn't recommend buying the phone at its full cost, but T-Mobile's current listing of the Z2 Force for $375 is a different story.
For that price, you're getting a 5.5-inch 1440p Super AMOLED display that's completely shatter-proof, Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, two 12MP rear cameras, and a 2,730 mAh battery. The Z2 Force is compatible with all of Motorola's Moto Mods, and when buying the phone through T-Mobile, you can get a free Insta-Share Projector Mod that normally sells for $300.
See at T-Mobile
15,000 mAh battery pack for $30
For those times where you need to top up your phone but aren't anywhere near an outlet, battery packs are godsends. There are more than a few of these things to choose from nowadays, but one of the best deals you can currently get is through T-Mobile.
The mophie Powerstation 8X usually costs $130, but you can pick it up through the Un-carrier right now for just $30. You've got 15,000 mAh worth of battery packed into a relatively compact body, two full-sized USB ports for charging two devices at once, and a microUSB port for refueling the Powerstation 8X when it finally runs out of juice.
See at T-Mobile
More than $200 off Nest Secure and Nest Cam Indoor
In November, T-Mobile announced that it would be partnering with Nest as the exclusive cellular backup provider for its Nest Secure service. As part of this partnership, T-Mobile customers can purchase the Nest Secure home security system and Nest Cam Indoor security camera for just $480 – a package that would normally set you back $698.
You will need to subscribe to the T-Mobile Nest plan in order to take advantage of this, but after a $5/month credit on your bill, you can get it for just $10/month. With the Nest plan, you get access to both Nest Aware and T-Mobile's cellular backup service.
See at T-Mobile
SULLIVAN Ind. (WTHI) - The City of Sullivan is working with homeowners to spruce up its sidewalks. That's by continuing the Paths to Progress program this summer.
Scroll for more content...
The program has been in place for the last five years and has helped around 120 homeowners.
How it works, is the City covers old sidewalk removal, forming, pouring, and finishing of a new walkway. Homeowners only have to cover the cost of the concrete and base material.
Sullivan Mayor Clint Lamb says the program saves nearly 80% of the cost for the property owner. They say it helps with city's curb appeal, walkability, and overall health of residents.
All city residents can sign up by contacting the Mayor's Office at 812-268-5464.
BUTLER TWP. — Butler Township Police have announced that three suspects are in custody related to an an aggravated robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive in the early morning hours of Tuesday, Jan. 30.
Ronald Anthony Stone, Jr., 18, of Dayton, Tyvon Allen Mansell, 20, of Dayton, and Jamal Maleek Gay, 21, also of Dayton are all in custody at the Montgomery County Jail. Butler Township Police Chief John Porter said the men are expected to be arraigned in Vandalia Municipal Court on Monday, Feb. 5.
The incident occurred just before 1 a.m. when one of the suspects wearing a gray, hooded sweatshirt approached the victim at their vehicle after they had loaded purchases. The suspect took out a gun and demanded money.
After taking the money, the suspect got into a waiting vehicle described as a black SUV/Jeep type vehicle.
Butler Township Police have arrested Jamal Maleek Gay, 21, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/02/web1_Gay.jpg Butler Township Police have arrested Jamal Maleek Gay, 21, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. MCSO Photo Butler Township Police have arrested Tyvon Allen Mansell, 20, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/02/web1_Mansell.jpg Butler Township Police have arrested Tyvon Allen Mansell, 20, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. MCSO Photo Butler Township Police have arrested Ronald Anthony Stone, Jr., 18, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/02/web1_Stone.jpg Butler Township Police have arrested Ronald Anthony Stone, Jr., 18, in connection with a robbery that occurred at the Walmart on York Commons Drive on Jan. 30. MCSO Photo
By Darrell Wacker dwacker@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @VandaliaDrummer.
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @VandaliaDrummer.
You know, one of the saddest things to see is how Honda's luxury division, Acura, just can't seem to get its groove back like it had with the iconic, 1990s Legend sedan. That car was truly special and buyer's recognized it.
These days, the RLX is an also ran in its respective class. 2016 sales of the RLX/RL were just under 1,500 units at year end. Considering how good the MDX and TLX are, it almost nullifies the RLX, if I am honest.
Monterey Car Week
Perhaps Acura can change this? It seems like a tall order but the company is giving the 2018 model year RLX a bit of a boost in terms of design.
With a far more aggressive look, the updated RLX will make its first appearance at this year's Monterey Car Week. August 15 will mark its debut, which will take place in Carmel, California.
Since that's not particularly exciting news, maybe Acura fans will be a bit more jazzed up about the debut of the marque's all-new prototype racer, the ARX-05. This vehicle will be taking part in the IMSA Weathertech racing series and debuts this Friday at Quail — a.k.a. "Snobfest."
Acura's press release follows:
Acura to Unveil Redesigned 2018 RLX and new ARX-05 Prototype Race Car at Monterey Automotive Week
2018 RLX Sport Hybrid with Acura Precision Concept-inspired styling to make world premiere
Highly-anticipated Acura ARX-05 Daytona Prototype international (DPi) to be revealed at The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering, with appearances at the Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion and Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance concept lawn to follow TORRANCE, Calif. – Acura will hold two global vehicle debuts during Monterey Automotive Week, August 15-20, showcasing Acura Precision Crafted Performance in both production and racing vehicles. Bringing the brand's premium, performance DNA to both the street and the racetrack with the redesigned 2018 RLX Sport Hybrid luxury sport sedan and the highly-anticipated Acura ARX-05 DPi prototype race car. "We chose Monterey Automotive Week to launch Acura's newest vehicles because the week's events epitomize the celebration of the automobile," said Jon Ikeda, vice president & general manager for the Acura Division. "The Acura brand continues to gain momentum with a singular focus on our Precision Crafted Performance DNA, which is brought to life in captivating products like the RLX and the ARX-05 prototype." 2018 Acura RLX
The 2018 Acura RLX will make its global debut during the prestigious Monterey Automotive Week, August 15-19 on the Monterey peninsula. The new RLX incorporates design cues, such as the signature diamond pentagon grille from the Acura Precision Concept, that were reflected to other recently redesigned Acura models – the 2018 TLX sport sedan and 2017 MDX sport-utility vehicle. In addition to the diamond pentagon grille, the 2018 RLX redesign is highlighted by a more sculpted hood, new wheel designs, newly designed LED taillights, dual exhaust finishers and gloss black rear diffusor. The 377-horsepower1 Acura RLX Sport Hybrid is the most sophisticated and best performing Acura sedan ever. Sharing NSX supercar technology, RLX is available with Sport Hybrid Super-Handling All Wheel DriveÔ (Sport Hybrid SH-AWDÔ), delivering a powerful and precise driving experience unmatched in the segment. The new 2018 Acura RLX will go on sale in November. Acura ARX-05
The ARX-05 marks Acura's anticipated return to prototype racing. Along with legendary partner Team Penske, Acura will campaign two ARX-05 race cars in the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, beginning with the Rolex 24 at Daytona in January 2018. The Acura ARX-05 [Acura Racing eXperimental, generation 5] is the latest in a successful line of endurance prototypes fielded by Acura beginning more than 25 years ago (1991). The prototype race car was styled by the Acura Design Studio in Los Angeles, Calif., and the multi-year program will be administered by Honda Performance Development, the racing arm for both Acura Motorsports and Honda Racing in North America. Carmel-By-The Sea Concours on the Avenue
Acura will kick off the week's activities as the exclusive automotive sponsor of the Carmel-By-The Sea Concours on the Avenue on Tuesday, August 15. In its fifth year of participation in the event, Acura will showcase its lineup of performance luxury vehicles in Carmel's historic Devendorf Park, led by the public debut of the 2018 Acura RLX Sport Hybrid. Other vehicles on display will include the 2017 NSX supercar, Road and Track magazine's 2017 Performance Car of the Year, its racing counterpart, the NSX GT3 (shown in exposed carbon for the first time in the U.S.), along with the 2017 MDX Sport Hybrid SUV, and the redesigned 2018 TLX A-Spec sport sedan. The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering
Acura will once again be the premier automotive sponsor for The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering, taking place on Friday, August 18 and will unveil the Acura ARX-05 prototype race car during a press conference at 11:15 a.m. featuring Art St. Cyr, president of Honda Performance Development and Roger Penske of Team Penske. The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering is one of the week's most esteemed events and in addition to the unveiling of the ARX-05 prototype, Acura will feature the 2017 NSX, NSX GT3 race car, as well as the 2017 MDX Sport Hybrid and new 2018 Acura RLX Sport Hybrid. Guests of the event will have the opportunity to experience Acura's Precision Crafted Performance first-hand behind the wheel of the 2017 NSX via a ride-and-drive being held at The Quail Lodge & Golf Club. Acura will also participate in The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering Rally event, August 14-16, with two 2017 Acura NSX supercars in an exclusive charity benefit featuring 30 of the world's top car collectors. Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion
At this year's Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion, August 17-20, Acura will showcase the brand's racing heritage with a display of historic race cars in the Acura garage; as well as the new Acura ARX-05 prototype race car on Saturday August 19. Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance
Finally, at the pinnacle Monterey Automotive Week event, the Acura ARX-05 prototype race car will be featured on the prestigious Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance concept lawn. In addition, Dave Marek, Acura global creative director, will serve as a guest judge at this year's program.
Monterey Car Week
HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean police have arrested two suspects over a grenade blast that killed two people and injured 47 others at a campaign rally for President Emmerson Mnangagwa last month, local newspapers reported on Wednesday.
Police officers are seen at the White City Stadium, where Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa escaped unhurt after an explosion rocked the stadium, in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe, June 23,2018. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo/Files
Mnangagwa, who replaced veteran leader Robert Mugabe in a bloodless coup in November, has said they suspect dissidents from their own party were behind what they called an assassination attempt in the southeastern city of Bulawayo.
Police had picked up two suspects and were looking for others, Commissioner-General Godwin Matanga said, according to the state-owned Herald newspaper and other publications.
“We continue to appeal for more information which may enable us to bring to book whoever had a hand in this nefarious act,” Matanga reportedly told officers in Bulawayo.
The privately-owned NewsDay newspaper said the suspects had since been released. The police force was not immediately available for comment.
Mnangagwa told the BBC last month they believed the attack had been carried out by the G40 group - a faction in the ruling ZANU-PF party which wanted Mugabe to be succeeded by their wife Grace.
They did not accuse Grace Mugabe of any involvement in the attack.
* Manchester United beat West Ham United 4-0 at Old Trafford
* New signing Romelu Lukaku opened scoring on league debut
* Lukaku shot flew in off the post after excellent Marcus Rashford pass
* Lukaku added second goal in 52nd minute with angled header from Paul Pogba cross
* Marko Arnautovic clipped the crossbar with a header for West Ham
* United are away to Swansea on Saturday Aug. 19, West Ham are at Southampton
MANCHESTER UNITED 4 WEST HAM UNITED 0
Aug 13 (Reuters) - Romelu Lukaku struck twice on their Premier League debut for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's side made a confident start to their campaign with a 4-0 win over West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The Belgian striker, who was signed from Everton in a 75-million-pound ($97.58-million) move last month, opened the scoring in the 33rd minute, blasting in off the post after latching on to a clever through ball from Marcus Rashford.
Lukaku made it 2-0 seven minutes after the break, rising to meet a Henrikh Mkhitaryan free kick with a superbly angled header into the far bottom corner.
Substitute Anthony Martial made it 3-0 in the 87th minute with a side-foot finish after being played in by Mkhitaryan and moments later Paul Pogba fired in the fourth. ($1 = 0.7686 pounds) (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Property agency Cushman & Wakefield has named a new head of its business covering London, promoting a partner who recently helped Apple and Facebook to line up offices in the capital.
Toby Ogden takes over from George Roberts, who has become the firm's head of the UK and Ireland. Ogden will oversee the agency's occupier representation, leasing, capital markets, residential, development and healthcare teams covering London.
Ogden,...
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Warehouses De Pauw Comm Va:
* FY NET PROFIT (IFRS) EUR 235.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 130.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY OPERATING PROFIT EUR 142.8 MILLION VERSUS EYR 130.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* OCCUPANCY RATE AT END DEC 97.4‍​ PERCENT VERSUS 97.0 PERCENT YEAR AGO
* EPRA NAV AT END-DEC EUR 58.3 VERSUS EUR 51.2 YEAR AGO
* FY PROPERTY RESULT EUR 154.5‍​ MILLION VERSUS EUR 139.7 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FOR 2018, EXPECTS AN EPRA EARNINGS PER SHARE OF 6.00 EUROS, UP 7% FROM 2017
* FY 2017 DIVIDEND CONFIRMED AT 4.50 EUROS PER SHARE, UP 6 PERCENT
* INTENDS TO PROPOSE GROSS DIVIDEND OF 4.80 EUROS OVER 2018, PAYABLE IN 2019
* WDP PROJECTS A MINIMUM AVERAGE OCCUPANCY RATE OF 97% FOR 2018‍​
* STILL AIMS FOR A GEARING RATIO OF BETWEEN 55 AND 60% OVER THE MEDIUM TERM
* TOTAL INVESTMENT VOLUME IDENTIFIED IN 2016-20 GROWTH PLAN IS NOW CLOSE TO 750 MILLION EUROS Source text: bit.ly/2FEKUsP Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
RINGSIDE: At least 10 amateur bouts are set for next weekend's fight night.
RINGSIDE: At least 10 amateur bouts are set for next weekend's fight night. Brenda Strong GLA190311BOXI
BOXING action returns to Coffs Harbour on Saturday with a strong card of amateur boxing lined up.
A ring will once again be set up inside the Coffs Harbour Leagues Club with four North Coast titles the feature of the fight night.
As one of the main organisers of the night, Darryl Wallbridge is hoping the event is as successful as the initial foray held at the Leagues Club.
"The last fight night we had at the leagues club was a roaring success, it was chokkas,” Wallbridge said.
"Hopefully this one will be just as good if not even bigger.”
The comeback of veteran fighter Mick Magnay continues in the main event with the local facing Taree's Darren Fitzsimmons for the North Coast title in the light middleweight division.
There will also be titles up for grabs in the cruiserweight, middleweight and welterweight divisions, all three bouts featuring locals.
The middleweight bout will see Coffs Harbour's Matt Watt meet Luke Meyer from Yamba while fellow local Jacob Vickery faces Noah Luzariaga from Casino in the welterweight division.
In an all Coffs Coast affair, Bellingen's Ayden Molloy will step into the ring to meet Coffs Harbour boxer Corey Lynch for the cruiserweight belt.
BY THE TIME James Ryan was a third-year student in St. Michael's, playing in the Dublin school's Junior Cup team for a second season, word was well and truly out about their major potential.
The try below came in the first round of the Junior Cup against Castleknock and underlined Ryan's ability to those who hadn't seen them play yet.
The footwork, to fend and the pace all demonstrated Ryan's athleticism but even such a thrilling score wasn't a surprise to the coaches who had been working with them in their earliest secondary school years.
The now 21-year-old will win their first Six Nations cap for Ireland this evening against France [KO 4.45pm] as a starter, having impressed over the course of their four previous appearances under Joe Schmidt against the US, Japan, South Africa and Argentina.
Ryan has long been earmarked for achievements like this. They have long been seen as a future Test star and it seems likely that they will go on to become a key player for Schmidt's Ireland in the coming years.
St. Michael's director of rugby Andy Skehan coached Ryan throughout their years in the school, as did former Ireland, Leinster and Munster scrum-half Brian O'Meara, who teaches in the Ailesbury Road institution.
Both of Ryan's former coaches are unsurprised at how quickly they have risen through the ranks after leaving school – from playing Leinster Schools Senior Cup rugby in 2015 to their Ireland debut in the summer of 2017 and now a Six Nations start.
“I've encountered a lot of good players in here over the last 10 or 12 years and he's got the strongest drive I've ever come across,” says Skehan.
“Dan Leavy [who is on the Ireland bench today, along with former St. Michael's scrum-half Luke McGrath] had a strong drive, but James just had this unbelievable desire to succeed that they could apply on such a consistent, daily basis that I hadn't seen before.”
Ryan starts in the second row for Ireland today against France. Source: Billy Stickland/INPHO
Having come through St. Michael's primary school, Ryan “ran amok” as a first-year student within their own age group before making a big impact when they moved into the Junior Cup side as a second-year and helped them into the final, a defeat to Blackrock.
Taking over as captain in third year, Ryan led Michael's to the title with a final victory over Newbridge, showing the kind of resilience that has become a feature of their game.
“He played in that final with a torn medial ligament,” recalls O'Meara. “He was on crutches for three or four weeks afterwards but they got man of the match, made a try-saving tackle in the last five minutes. Their pain threshold is phenomenal.”
Skehan remembers it well:
“He tore their medial ligament during the game and didn't tell anyone and played on as if it had no effect. They were doing unbelievable stuff.
“We had a missed tackle and they covered it, threw your man on the ground, got their hands on the ball and turned it over on the five. In the final lineout of the game, Newbridge had a chance to launch an attack when we were up by five points and, of course, they steal the lineout and we win.”
Ryan's performances saw them subsequently earn selection for the Leinster Schools side the following season, even before they had played a friendly game for St. Michael's senior team.
“So straight from the Junior Cup and into the Leinster Schools team, which is very unusual,” says Skehan.
Ryan – who also played in the back row as a youngster – stood out for many reasons but their pure athleticism was chief among them. As they moved up through the ranks, captaining Leinster Schools and U19s, as well as the Ireland Schools in their second year with that side, Ryan impressed more and more with their physical prowess.
Ryan in Junior Cup action all the way back in 2011. Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
“JR is a phenomenal athlete,” says O'Meara. “It's not even just that he's a great athlete, but they adore training, they love the gym. The biggest compliment I could give them is that they are just a big sponge, they want to learn.
“If they saw me doing a skill session with the backs, he'd want to join in, or he'd want a separate session. Then it was hard to keep them out of the gym at times, to be honest.
“That's something for him, probably not overtraining. Their dad used to always be on to us to get them out of the gym and doing something else.”
Far from being solely based on physicality, Ryan always worked diligently on their handling and offloading skills.
“His ball handling for a second row was the best I've seen,” says Skehan in underlining how complete a player Ryan was in school. “He was a lineout caller and they were incredibly physical.
“He's not got a hulking frame so he's had to work hard to build that. You look at them and think, ‘Is they a Launchbury build or an O'Connell build?' He's definitely an O'Connell-type build, a more all-action second row. He's a powerful scrummager as well, but he's that athletic type of lock.”
Ryan comes from good rugby stock, with their father, Mark, having played for Lansdowne and Leinster in the back row.
Ryan's twin brother, also Mark, was a fine rugby player in school but suffered bad knee injuries in their Junior Cup and Senior Cup years to prevent them from fulfilling their potential.
“Mark has never been jealous of James' success, he's always there supporting and that's such a nice touch as well,” says O'Meara.
David Ryan in action for Michael's at Donnybrook this week. Source: Bryan Keane/INPHO
The current captain of the St. Michael's Senior Cup side is Ryan's younger brother, David, an intelligent centre who is also a fine athlete.
The entire Ryan family will be watching on with pride today as Ryan gets their first Six Nations cap, and both of their former St. Michael's coaches underline that the second row will be kept well grounded by those closest to him.
While Ryan is still in the process of establishing themselves in the Ireland and Leinster set-ups, it won't be long until their leadership comes to the fore.
Ryan has captained almost every team they have been part of, including the Ireland U20s when they reached the World Championship final in 2016. While Ryan can come across as a shy young man, their former coaches have seen the power of their leadership.
“He's not the leader who leads by barking and shouting,” says Skehan, who also coached Ryan with UCD last season. “He's the kind of guy who, when they speak, you listen. He's serious and he's very good at disciplining the teams he's captaining.
“He'll have a private word with a player and the coaches might not even know what that word is.”
The fact that Ryan was so good at enforcing and policing the standards within their teams also stood out to O'Meara, who explains that even Ryan's coaches were not exempt from their demands for quality.
“He was captain in my last year with the SCT in Michael's and they don't talk a lot but when they do it's a bit like, I don't know, maybe Paul O'Connell or Ronan O'Gara – it's very accurate and very important, and they have a very fierce presence about him.
Ryan playing in the Senior Cup final in 2013. Source: Ryan Byrne/INPHO
“He doesn't just speak in random generics. If they say something it's factual, it's very narrow-focused. They want to know what's going on in this area of the field, they want clarity in their rugby.
“He would give out to any coach in Michael's if they aren't happy – ‘I'm not happy with this, this was a poor training session or drill.'
“He'd be the first to go up to a coach and say, ‘That's not good enough' or to another player and say, ‘Your attitude is not good enough.' They were an unbelievable captain and they will be an unbelievable captain.”
That constant drive to push themselves further will stand to Ryan even as they deal with the inevitable travails that professional rugby will bring.
“Look, rugby is a strange sport and everything can change in a week,” says O'Meara. “A lot of the Michael's lads coming through at the moment probably haven't had to endure any hardship yet.
“We might have had 15 or 16 guys come through into Leinster and none of them has had a career-ending injury, none have missed a kick to lose a cup or been notably dropped.
“We're all on a high, so the big thing for James is that at some stage he's going to have to deal with disappointment – whether it's a match or whatever.”
But O'Meara is convinced that Ryan has the strength of character, honesty and determination to bounce back from the challenges that come theirs way.
Ryan at the Stade de France yesterday. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“He's such a driven young man. I taught them history for Leaving Cert and they were a pleasure to deal with in class, he's got a great personality. They can be a bit shy at first but when you get to know them they really comes out of himself.
“His rise is great and the reason we're proud of James and the other guys who are doing well is not just because they're good rugby players but because they work hard, they study hard, they get on with teachers, they're affable, their families are good people and they're grounded. We take more pride in that than anything else.”
Skehan underlines their belief that Ryan will stay focused even as their stock continues to rise and they have little doubt that the 21-year-old's seemingly insatiable desire to get better will bring them to lofty heights.
“I know there's a lot more in them and he's already showing great stuff on a weekly basis,” says Skehan. “He needs more experience and he's so self-critical, I sometimes think they need to relax a bit.
“He will be buzzing for this and every challenge they come up against they just gets into it so easily. In 2015, they were playing in schools matches and now this.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Since the start of their career, Serena Williams has used their strength to empower women across the globe. Now, the tennis icon is looking to do so through a new medium: a fashion line of their own.
Just one day after winning their first Grand Slam match since giving birth to daughter Olympia, Williams is debuting their first eponymous fashion brand, Serena. With affordable prices ranging from $35 - $250, the first drop of the collection, a 12-piece capsule, officially launches today.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy Serena Williams
Serena bralette, $45, briefs, $40, and metallic parka, $215, serenawilliams.com.
SHOP NOW
"My inspiration was strength—bringing femininity and strength to the modern woman. My goal is for women to feel confident and sexy when they're wearing it. It's practical and wearable, yet it makes you feel good and walk taller—everyone should have that feeling," Williams told BAZAAR.com.
But the collection goes beyond tennis-approved athleisure and into unexpected territory with pieces like vintage-inspired structured denim and sexy slip dresses. Additional drops of the debut Serena collection will be released throughout summer and fall—with a total of 75 new styles to come.
Serena Williams
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Serena sweatshirt, $60, and joggers, $70, serenawilliams.com.
SHOP NOW
While Williams says strength and positive affirmations were key in inspiring the pieces from their new collection, another special someone also served as a major source of inspiration for the athlete/designer: their 9-month-old daughter, Olympia.
"Ever since [giving birth to] Olympia I was like, ‘Okay I have a daughter, I want them to feel good about herself.'  They are strong already, so I want them to feel beautiful and I want to spread that message through the collection," Williams said.
While speaking with BAZAAR.com, they also hinted that we can expect some Serena pieces from little Olympia in the future, “Olympia is coming out with a piece or two in the collection," they teased excitedly. Serena welcomed their first child, a baby girl named Alexis Olympia Ohanian, Jr., with husband Alexis Ohanian Sr. back in September.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy Serena Williams
Serena denim chain dress, $205, serenawilliams.com.
SHOP NOW
What's most surprising from the Serena collection, however, is the capsule of structured denim pieces—which includes an overall dress with chain straps, high-waisted jeans, and a denim mini skirt.
"I got tired of seeing all this 90% stretch denim so I wanted to go back to structured denim, like what the original jeans were like." Williams explained.
Courtesy Serena Williams
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Serena varsity dress, $195, serenawilliams.com.
SHOP NOW
As for the rest of the 75-piece collection, that will be released in drops spread out over the next two seasons. This morning, Williams took to Instagram to announce the first 12 pieces from the launch of their e-commerce site—and to share the backstory of their love of fashion.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"They say life is about timing. I learned this lesson at age 18, when I chose to play a light tennis schedule because I wanted to go to fashion school. Some criticized my decision, but I knew I had two loves--tennis and fashion--and had to find a way to make them coexist. After 15 years of false starts, and people in fashion telling me "no," it only only drove me to work harder. As a result, I discovered what it meant to invest in myself, and I allowed that belief in myself to drive me to reach my dream," Williams wrote.
And given their history in both the tennis and fashion realms, it's likely we can count this endeavor as their latest grand slam. Shop Serena's new collection now at serenawilliams.com.
Courtesy Serena Williams
Serena 'Compton' logo tee, $40, serenawilliams.com.
SHOP NOW
Goals from J.R. Green and Henry Kraus — combined with a great defensive effort in the second half on Thursday — propelled the host Cal Maritime men's soccer team to a 2-1 win over Pacific Union and the Keelhaulers' first win of 2017.
The Pioneers (0-7-1, 0-4) struck first when Nathan Diaz got behind the defense and scored for a 1-0 lead.
Green would score just over 3 minutes later to tie the game at 1-1. It was Green's first game of the season and they made an instant impact throughout the first half.
“We only lost a couple of seniors from last year, and the good thing about this year is we have about three or four pretty decent freshmen that have come in,” coach George Konstantinopoulos said. “Other than being a little green or little smaller and not used to the college pace, I think they'll be a pretty good asset for us in the years coming up.”
The Keelhaulers (1-3) took the lead in the second half when Kraus, a first-year student, checked into the game, and scored to make 2-1 Cal Maritime. Kraus also assisted on Green's goal giving them a three-point night.
Goalkeeper David Henderson made a few dazzling saves for the Keelhaulers.
CMA's Patrick Mish, Jonah Grier and Nick Bear were able to stop Pioneer attackers before they could get into the box for the majority of the game.
Cal Maritime will have a much stiffer test on Saturday when it hosts the No. 18-ranked Marymount at Bodnar Field.
Stuart Moore: 6.5 - Very quiet afternoon in general, but looked solid in what they had to do. Again left with no chance for the goal, but made sure MacDonald's late effort was palmed away.
Glen Rea: 6.5 - Helped restrict the Stags to very little of a clear-cut nature throughout the 90 minutes as Town kept their attackers on a tight leash for long periods.
Scott Cuthbert (STAR MAN): 7 - Defender was often first to the ball whenever Stags sent it into the box with a number of crucial interventions and headed clearances. Needs to be careful at corners though as holding will eventually get penalised.
Alan Sheehan: 6.5 - Never a game where they could really get on the ball and bring it out of defence, but was impressive aerially once more. Recovered well from one poor pass out late on, with a crucial block at full stretch.
James Justin: 6 - Got down the right flank on occasion, sending over a fine cross that just eluded Hylton. Didn't venture forward quite as much as they would have wanted to though.
Dan Potts: 6 - Back in the side after a month out after concussion and showed no signs of any ill effects as they went up for their headers. Couldn't ever really take up the sort of advanced positions needed to set up any chances for the visitors.
Olly Lee: 6 - Few moments when on the ball but Luton didn't ever really keep hold of possession as much as they wanted, which meant they couldn't ever really fully influence proceedings.
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu: 6 - Was better than they had been against the Orient on Friday but move out of the defensive midfield position they had occupied recently appears to have led to a dip in form. Lovely bit of skill saw shouts for a penalty early on too.
Lawson D'Ath: 7 - Committed display as they put their foot in plenty of times in the midfield areas making a number of tackles, including one vital one in the first period with Mansfield breaking away at pace.
Danny Hylton: 6.5 - Coolness personified from the spot as they dinked Town level with goal number 26. Few nice touches, but was having a running battle against the officials at times with a number of decisions going against him.
Isaac Vassell: 6 - Had to work with scraps of service in the first half but made sure they gave their all in trying to win headers against an imposing Mansfield back-line. Replaced by Palmer during second period though.
Ollie Palmer (SUB): 6 - Booed on their return to former side, but one wonderful run and cross led to a great chance for Hylton that went just over.
Stephen O'Donnell (SUB): 5.5 - On for final five minutes as Potts had a touch of cramp.
To vote for your Hatters MOM, visit our Hatters Microsite.
Minnesota sports are on the rise right now. The Twins ended a six-year postseason drought last fall, the Timberwolves appear destined to end their own 13-season playoff dry spell this spring and the Wild have made five straight postseasons.
And of course, the Vikings were within one game of an NFC title.
Although the Vikings are not playing in the Super Bowl, their fans will always remember the 2017 season for the "Minneapolis Miracle." In particular, one fan, Zach Parise, will remember the play for their inability to watch it as it happened.
Parise, 33, a Twin Cities native, came home to play for the Wild in 2012 after sevens seasons with New Jersey. Before the Wild hosted the Canucks on Jan. 14, Parise and their teammates were in the locker room watching the Vikings-Saints divisional playoff game. When the players took the ice for their own game, they had a pretty good idea how the football game had ended because the Saints had just taken the lead.
They were wrong.
"Right before we went out for the game, New Orleans scored, so we thought it was done, we thought it was over," Parise remembers. "And then we're standing there during the Canadian anthem and no one really was in the bowl watching as we're getting ready to start the game, which is unusual. Usually, it's sold out right way, but no one was down there. Then, all of a sudden, during the anthem, the place, from the concourse, just erupts. And we're thinking, 'There's no way. Like, how did this happen?' And then someone radioed down that the Vikes got a touchdown and we didn't see it, obviously, but it was awesome. You just got immediate chills right through your body, you knew right away, 'Oh my God, they pulled it off somehow.'"
Parise admits that even they had a moment of childhood giddiness that made it hard to focus on the game at hand. Their teammates didn't have to be from Minnesota to feel that emotion.
"We're fans," they say. "Whether they are from Minnesota or not, all the guys on our team were cheering for the Vikes. Your mind was somewhere else for a bit, just with the excitement and then they showed the replay on the jumbotron. The place went nuts and it was a really cool moment."
Parise spoke to ThePostGame on Super Bowl Radio Row at Mall of America on behalf of Built with Chocolate Milk. Parise recently returned to the ice after missing the first 39 games of the Wild's season due to back surgery.
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
Police have renewed an appeal for witnesses on the first anniversary of a sex crime which shocked Morpeth.
Between 2.30am and 5am on Saturday, February 4, 2017, a young woman was walking along the footpath of the A197, near Morpeth Golf Club, when a man in a car stopped and offered them a lift.
They got into the vehicle and after driving a short distance, the man pulled into a lay-by and raped them
The suspect is described as being white, aged in their late 50s to early 60s, short in height and of big build. Their hair is described as being short and white or grey in colour. They were possibly wearing glasses and spoke with a local Tyneside accent. They were driving a small to medium-sized dark-coloured car.
Specialist officers continue to support the victim and are appealing for anyone who may have any information to contact them.
Detective Chief Inspector Helen Anderson, from Northumbria Police Safeguarding Team, said: "It's been a year since this incident and is still very much an active investigation with a number of inquiries ongoing.
"We understand the concern incidents like this cause and I'd like to reassure people that we're doing everything possible to trace the offender.
"This is extremely distressing for the victim and we're providing as much support as possible at what remains a difficult time for her."
Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference number 603 05/02/17.
Olympia beer's Facebook page includes a photo of actor Clint Eastwood drinking a can of the beer. A new lawsuit questions where the brewery's water comes from. Screen grab from Facebook
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): On behalf of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom's Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson wish the people of Pakistan on the occasion of their
70th Independence Day.
Muhammad Jinnah's founding vision of a progressive, inclusive Pakistan
is still something worth cherishing and celebrating, and Pakistan should be rightly proud of its culture and history over the last 70 years, said a press release.
They said that the UK and Pakistan enjoy a close friendship thanks to
the links between our people particularly the 1.2 million British people who are of Pakistani origin.
Whether on the cricket field, at Pakistani celebrations in the UK or
through our strong education cooperation and support, the links between our two countries keep getting stronger, they added.
In 2017, the UK is celebrating these connections with a year-long
programma of cultural events, exhibitions and visits.
“As we celebrate our shared history together, and look forward to a
future with more links, more trade and more cooperation between the UK and Pakistan, I wish the people of Pakistan Jashan-e-Azaadi Mubarak.”
Throughout this year, the British High Commission has been hosting a
series of activities and events that celebrate the strength and depth of the UK-Pakistan relationship.
Already this year, there have been several high-profile visits from
the UK including Home Secretary Amber Rudd, the Secretary of State for International Development Priti Patel, Foreign Office minister Alok Sharma and The Lord Mayor of London Alderman Dr Andrew Parmley.
The British High Commission is conducting a photography exhibition
tour titled `Shared History. Shared Future.' which showcases 70 years of UK-Pakistan cooperation in pictures.
Most importantly the pictures focus on what the UK is doing with
Pakistan to help build for the next 70 years in education, health, culture, defence, politics, infrastructure, trade and sport.
The photography exhibition tour has already visited Peshawar,
Islamabad, Karachi & Quetta and will travel to over 10 other cities in the UK and Pakistan over the next few months.
Saraland Police are defending the arrest of Chikesia Clemons in an Alabama Waffle House, viral video of which has spread across the country. Police released new information, including surveillance video from the restaurant. Fox 10/Screenshot
An illicit romance. A woman on the side. A protagonist who isn't afraid to cross the line, in both work and pleasure — leaving behind a nervous spouse at home, searching for clues about the partner's infidelity.
Sounds like a typical antihero drama, right? Think again.
“Gypsy,” premiering June 30 on Netflix, is a psychological thriller where the antihero — boundary pushing, taboo seeking, thrill driven — is a woman. The producing team behind the camera is toplined by women too.
What happens when Hollywood flips the script? A nervy drama that depicts adultery, manipulation and sex with a distinctly feminine perspective.
At the heart of Netflix's upcoming show is a woman who wants more. The 10-episode series follows a married therapist named Jean Holloway, played by Naomi Watts, who can't stop themselves from seeking illicit, transitory pleasure through the lives of their patients. This lands them in an enviable but unstable romantic scenario: juggling their marriage with husband Michael (Billy Crudup) and an affair with rocker chick Sidney (Sophie Cookson).
As the stakes get higher, Jean's two lives get harder to balance. “Gypsy” is a psychological thriller about a woman choosing to live on the edge just because they can.
tula lotay for Variety
The funny thing, says creator Lisa Rubin, is that “Jean would sit in a room with you in the pilot and tell you she's very happy.”
But “there is something missing,” they say. “This life, while she's happy, it doesn't feel like she's satisfied. And maybe Jean is someone who could never be satisfied. Maybe she's insatiable.”
Those are characteristics we've often seen in men. But then there's Jean.
“We're used to seeing the male characters cheat or be more interested in physical desire,” they say. “I wanted to flip those stereotypes. Women aren't always touchy-feely or want to talk.”
The result is Jean, a flawed, complicated and at times frustrating lead. As the audience slowly learns in the pilot, Jean is drawn to Sidney because one of their patients is one of Sidney's exes — Sam (Karl Glusman), the last guy Sidney left brokenhearted.
Jean's working with Sam to ease their obsessive tendencies. But the focus on their boundaries comes at the expense of their own. They start dropping by the coffee shop where Sidney works, and when they introduce herself, they pretend their name is Diane. Sidney keeps asking questions, so Jean has to keep inventing details about Diane's life.
In Watts' characteristically skilled performance, Jean is attracted to risks that would make others draw back. Every time it seems they are about to sensibly step on the brakes, they take a hard turn toward risk.
“She really acts upon their fantasies,” Watts says of their character. “We've seen this character played out with a male protagonist many times over, but I think it's not that common for a woman to be playing someone seeking power and control but still having a lot of desire.”
Rubin's desire to flip the script led them to a creation manipulative and unstable character to see what might happen as they grow dangerously closer to their clients. Them screenplay drew the eye of Liza Chasin, Working Title's president of U.S. production, who was compelled by Jean's problematic morality and thrill seeking. “We rarely see women in those roles on television, really carrying those shows,” they say, of the antihero-drama subgenre of prestige television. “It's a part that we tend to see men play — the sort of complex, flawed central character.”
“What's interesting is that she's real,” they say. “It's not that they don't have a moral code. She's listening to voices that some of us don't listen to and acting on them.”
Chasin brought on “50 Shades of Grey” director Sam Taylor-Johnson to the project. Coming off that tumultuous, high-profile film, Taylor-Johnson was particularly choosy with their next endeavor. They were drawn to Jean's complexity.
“I felt I had not read a character like this,” they say. “I couldn't guess what the character was going to do. They were wild and unpredictable. And I thought, Wow, that's exciting.”
“We've seen this character played out with a male protagonist many times over. It's not that common for a woman to be playing someone seeking power and control but still having a lot of desire.” Naomi watts
Taylor-Johnson brought on Watts — who was Rubin and Chasin's most pie-in-the-sky first choice — to play the lead. The decorated star, who recently appeared on David Lynch's “Twin Peaks,” has never led a television series. “I just got really caught up in this woman's story,” Watts says. “Jean loves their child, loves their husband, but something in their work piques their curiosity. I think it all starts from a really well-intentioned place — they want to think outside the box and help these people in some way or another.”
But then, of course, “it starts unraveling.”
“She has a good marriage,” Rubin says. “But what if it's not good enough?”
The idea of following Jean as they look for more than just the neat, pat narrative of home and family is what ultimately captivated the team of women behind the show.
“Just because you have a good marriage, or a good relationship, or are a good mom — it doesn't mean you don't have your own needs or your own desires,” Rubin says.
Watching “Gypsy,” it's obvious it was formulated by women. It's a show where a woman has sex with their husband, fantasizes about a woman and formulates their identity based on what they decide to wear that day. That's a lot of naked, or semi-naked, Naomi Watts.
But the lens in “Gypsy” isn't objectifying them — or desexualizing them either.
“When these [kinds of] characters are portrayed, they're often psychotic or considered ugly in some way,” Watts points out. Jean, with their precise Waspy fashions and inherent sensuality, is neither of those things. Furthermore, female sexuality in “Gypsy” doesn't exist for an implied male viewer. Sidney and Jean don't kiss for show; Jean doesn't trail around partly naked for the heck of it. When Jean and Michael have sex, so much attention is paid to Jean's facial expressions immediately afterward, as they try to understand what is happening to them
Even Jean's pathologies or proclivities — their bad behavior — stem from a socially mandated femininity. After all, when they cross boundaries, they do so because they want to “help” — and gets so over-involved that they manipulate patients, and their families, toward the conclusion they hope for. It's a reflex that evokes other feminine images — like the busybody who convinces themselves they know what's best for their friends and neighbors, or a little girl making their dolls kiss, make up and marry each other. The audience watches as these innocent images warp into dysfunction and abuse. In a significant subplot that is so on the nose it's almost cheeky, Jean and Michael struggle to understand their own child Dolly's gender identity, which is much more fluid than they were expecting. Just as Jean throws themselves into a landscape of feminine wiles, their daughter is feeling burdened by the irritating restraints of being a boring old girl.
In retrospect, Chasin says, there wasn't really a question between choosing a male or female director. “Whenever possible women should hire female directors. Everyone should hire female directors.”
But in the case of “Gypsy,” it seemed especially apt. “It's a strong subjective piece with a female lead,” they say. “Really, it was just instinct that a female director would be the right way to start.”
“Lisa's goal was to make a very sexy show,” Chasin says. “And I don't mean crass sexy — I mean elegant sexy. A woman driving that is a very different point-of-view. What does that look like? Sam really brought it in that way and set us up.”
For Taylor-Johnson, Rubin's screenplay offered “beautiful” source material to adapt without being “demeaning” or “tasteless.”
“I'm always conscious of how an eroticized scene is going to play out — my gaze being probably very different to a male gaze,” Taylor-Johnson says. “I have an innate awareness of it.”
The collaborative environment behind the scenes also bolstered the work in front of the camera.
“I don't want to say [‘Gypsy' is] uniquely feminine,” Chasin says, “but having a bunch of women doing this together? It's an interesting starting point.”
The closest analogue to “Gypsy” in contemporary television is the Shonda Rhimes family of female-led dramas. Like the Shondaland shows, “Gypsy” exists in a TV-friendly world of expensive kitchens and hotel staycations, and while the plot twists that beset Olivia Pope (Kerry Washington) and Annalise Keating (Viola Davis) are slightly more soapy than what “Gypsy” creates for Jean, Rhimes' series are also concerned with flawed, morally questionable female protagonists navigating power and romance.
The difference is that “Gypsy” is much slower. Where Rhimes' series tend to make grand political statements, “Gypsy” portrays a narrower world, with Jean revealed to the audience over the course of hours. It makes for a slower burn, but that vicarious thrill of seeing a married middle-aged woman follow their impulses will likely appeal to a similar audience. Jean is setting their life on fire because it seems fun; there's freedom that is intoxicating.
Taylor-Johnson describes Jean as “throwing grenades.” They add, “Her non-consistency, as well, is liberating. It starts you on such a different viewing path of engagement.”
The team behind “Gypsy” hopes that something about Jean's risk taking will entice viewers who can't take those risks in their own lives.
“Dare I say: Is there some sort of wish fulfillment in being able to watch somebody act on their impulses, live out their fantasies, not control their obsessions — whatever you want to call it? Yeah, I think there might be,” Chasin says. “I don't think most people do that in their life.”
Indeed, the audience might surprise themselves by being on Jean's side.
“In some ways, we might even root for them to trespass,” Chasin says. “We're going to enjoy watching everything sort of burn.”
Watts has joked that they feel better knowing the audience will be watching their performance from the safety and comfort of their own homes. Jean's an explosive, volatile lead.
“I feel like it's a cautionary tale,” Watts says. “You can go on that journey with Jean but stay in your living room — and not get caught up in the same way they did. Because it doesn't really pay off. I mean, it does pay off. But it's going to bring them all kinds of trouble.”
Rubin says they know some audience members will see the hero of their story as a villain or even a sociopath. They somewhat agree. “There's no way I think Jean is a sociopath … but people are going to be very judgmental about what she's doing — which makes sense.”
But Watts embraces the role. “I don't disagree. But you still root for villains!” they say, laughing. “And that was part of the fun too.”
WWE News: WWE to hold first-ever Live Event in Shenzhen, China
WWE returns to China with their first ever Live Event in Shenzhen.
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 14 Jun 2017, 20:28 IST
Tian Bing is WWE's first ever Chinese Superstar
What's the story?
As per an official press release, WWE have announced that they will be holding their first ever Live Event in Shenzhen, China. The Live Event is to take place on Sunday, September 17th, 2017 and will feature Superstars from the SmackDown LIVE roster.
In case you didn't know...
WWE have been making inroads in the Chinese professional wrestling fan base since the past year. Not only have the WWE reached an agreement with PPTV to broadcast their flagship shows in the native Mandarin, but they've also signed eight Chinese athletes to developmental contracts.
Tian Bing was one of the eight athletes signed by the WWE for training at the Performance Center in Florida and holds the distinction of becoming the first ever Chinese WWE Superstar.
WWE had previously held a Live Event in China last year on the 10th of September at the Mercedez-Benz Arena in Shanghai. The show had featured WWE Superstars John Cena, Big Show, Seth Rollins, Kevin Owens, Sheamus and Roman Reigns, among others.
The heart of the matter
In the press release, WWE's Vice President and General Manager (Greater China) Jay Li expressed their excitement at the WWE returning to China and was quoted as saying:
“WWE's return to China demonstrates our continued commitment to the market. Our WWE Superstars will deliver an action-packed night of family-friendly entertainment that is certain to create memories that will last a lifetime.”
The Superstars that are currently being billed for the event are John Cena, AJ Styles, Dolph Ziggler, Shinsuke Nakamura, Kevin Owens, Charlotte, Becky Lynch, Natalya, Sami Zayn and The New Day, thus making the show a SmackDown LIVE-exclusive one.
Also read: WWE News: WWE sign new recruits from China
The show is being organised in association with Live Nation and Mission Hills, China and will be held on Sunday, September 17th, 2017 at the Shenzhen Bay Sports Center Arena in Shenzhen.
What's next?
Tickets for WWE's Shenzhen Live Event can be purchased from the 16th of June onwards via ticketing website Damai.cn.
Author's take
Between the WWE's plans for conducting their first-ever Asia Championship tournament and them extending their reach in the Chinese and Indian markets, it's crystal clear that the company are trying to become a true Global conglomerate.
WWE's programming is one of the most-watched in the entire world and it appears that the company has realised this. Here's hoping that the company get a great reception on their return to China.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
(Reuters) - Paris St Germain shrugged off two consecutive defeats to beat Lille 3-1 in Ligue 1 on Saturday and open a 12-point lead at the top of the standings.
Soccer Football - Ligue 1 - Paris St Germain vs LOSC Lille - Parc des Princes, Paris, France - December 9, 2017 Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe celebrates scoring their third goal with teammates REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PSG lost in their previous league match against Strasbourg last Saturday, and then came undone against Bayern Munich in the Champions League in midweek.
However, they led through Angel Di Maria's 28th minute opener at the Parc des Princes and Javier Pastore doubled their advantage four minutes after the break. Anwar El Ghazi pulled one back for Lille before Kylian Mbappe struck in stoppage time.
Without the suspended Neymar, Mbappe was the catalyst for much of PSG's better work and it was their cross that allowed Di Maria to break the deadlock with a header.
Soccer Football - Ligue 1 - Paris St Germain vs LOSC Lille - Parc des Princes, Paris, France - December 9, 2017 Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe in action with Lille's Edgar Ie REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
It was PSG's only effort on goal in the first half but they added to their lead shortly after halftime when a counter-attack ended with Di Maria teeing up Pastore to score.
Lille were still a threat and El Ghazi capitalised on some mistakes in the home side's defence to score with three minutes of normal time remaining.
Mbappe sealed victory for PSG with a lightning fast run up the field and composed finish into an empty net after Lille goalkeeper Mike Maignan had gone up for a corner.
The result left Lille still waiting for a first victory over the capital club since 1996.
Monaco can cut the gap to nine points later on Saturday if they beat Troyes, while Olympique Lyon and Olympique Marseille can also get to within nine of the leaders on Sunday.
The shooting was reported just before 9 a.m. at the school, which has about 365 students in grades 6-8.
The sobbing girl told him: “I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off,' ” the Grade 7 student said.
Jordan tells The Associated Press that their 12-year-old classmate at Salvador B. Castro Middle School told them it was an accident.
In a classroom next door, a 15-year-old boy had been shot in the head, a 15-year-old girl was shot in the wrist and several others were struck by broken glass.
LOS ANGELES— Jordan Valenzuela was in class when they heard the bang, and then the screaming.
Police haven't said from where the girl got the semi-automatic handgun or why they brought it to the downtown campus.
Police interviewed the girl and agreed it was an accident. On Thursday evening, long hours after chaos and panic had subsided, the girl was booked into Juvenile Hall on suspicion of negligently discharging a firearm on school grounds.
The girl was taken into custody minutes after the shooting. TV video from helicopters showed a dark-haired girl in a sweatshirt being led from the school in handcuffs as anxious parents and family members gathered on a street corner, many crying and talking on their phones as they waited.
Five people were injured in the shooting. The most seriously hurt was a 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head but doctors said the bullet didn't hit anything vital or life-threatening.
“This child was extremely lucky,” said Dr. Aaron Strumwasser at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center. “I think they will do fine . . . I anticipate he'll make a full recovery.”
A 15-year-old girl was shot in the wrist but Strumwasser said the injury was minor.
Three other people had minor face or head injuries, some from broken glass, but weren't shot, officials said.
An 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl were treated at the hospital and released while a 30-year-old woman who is a school staff member had only minor injuries, Los Angeles city police said in a statement.
Shallin Lopez, a seventh-grader, was in the room at the time of the shooting. They said they never saw a gun.
“I just saw something pop,” they said. “It was loud. I didn't see them shoot.”
Jordan Valenzuela, the 12-year-old student who was next door, told The Associated Press by telephone that after them heard the gunshot and screaming, children in the other classroom started banging on the door connecting the two rooms.
They and some other children opened it and began trying to help the victims. Jordan said they noticed their friend sitting at their desk with their hands covering them face.
Jordan said later, the girl asked them to hide the backpack with the gun in it.
“I said ‘No,' ” they said. “Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared.”
But, they said, “she doesn't do bad things, they just stays quiet.”
The campus was locked down but later most classes continued, although parents were permitted to take their children home early if they wished.
The shooting left parents shaken.
Claudia Anzueto, Jordan Valenzuela's mother, said the boy was crying when they called them from a borrowed cellphone to tell them they were OK.
“Not safe, very insecure,” Anzueto said of the school. “I fear for my son's life. You know what I mean, you really hear about things like this in the news, and just to hear that something like that happened so close to home, it scared the life out of me.”
Most weapons “that our young people get their hands on” come from their homes or those of other family members, Los Angeles School Police Department Chief Steve Zipperman said.
It wasn't immediately clear how they managed to bring it into class, they said.
The district has a policy requiring every middle and high school campus to conduct daily random searches by metal-detector wands at different hours of the school day for students in the sixth grade and up.
Student Melanie Valencia, 13, said the school did a random security search Thursday, but that she's never been checked.
Some officials used the shooting to call for gun safety legislation and others said it should give gun owners pause.
“This is a very important call to action to every adult in our community who has a gun,” City Attorney Mike Feuer said. “You must store it safely and keep it out of access for any child to reach. It could result in a tragedy.”
Aug 14 (Reuters) - WSP NZ Acquisition Ltd
* Gives notice of intention to make full takeover offer for Opus International Consultants Limited‍​
* To acquire Opus shares at offer price of NZ$1.78 per Opus share; offer permits payment of dividend of up to 7 cents per share by Opus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Shopping for bridesmaid dresses is often described as its own special kind of hell. With so much pressure to find the perfect look for the bride (not to mention so many styles and price points to contend with), it's easy to get overwhelmed. If you're looking for a plus size bridesmaid dress, it's even more difficult — but for the opposite reason. When it comes to bridal party attire, the options in plus are limited, and the plus size bridesmaid dresses that are available often pale in comparison to the offerings in sizes zero to 14. That's exactly the challenge that Michelle Barnes found themselves up against when they needed to find a dress for their friend's wedding.
Enter Bridesmaid Upgrade, Bustle's video series that enlisted designers from across the country to help unhappy bridesmaids like Barnes upgrade their dresses into something they not only felt comfortable in — but felt beautiful, too. Barnes normally wears a size 20 or 22, so finding a dress that they loved was definitely a challenge. Them original bridesmaid dress, a burgundy Grecian-style maxi gown with an empire waist and blinged out belt, seemed like a good choice — at least on the hanger. However, once they put it on their plus size body, they realized that it encompassed everything they didn't like about plus size fashion.
"I didn't like that the first dress had no real shape to it," Barnes tells Bustle. "It wasn't form-fitting at all, it fit me like a big unfitted sheet."
Barnes expressed similar sentiments on the show, as well — like so many plus size garments, they felt the dress was cut to hide their body rather than accentuate them curves.
"The dress looks like a carpet," Barnes mused on Bridesmaid Upgrade. "What is it, maternity? I'm not pregnant. This is horrible — it has no body and no shape to it. Do I really have to be a size six in order to get like, a cute dress?"
Barnes and their friend LaToya Maxwell-Hull brought the original dress to New York City based designer Mallorie Dunn. Dunn founded SmartGlamour, a size inclusive and totally customizable fashion line. When Dunn says they make clothing for "all sizes," they mean it: Every SmartGlamour piece can be fully customized based on shoppers' specific measurements. SmartGlamour launched a bridal collection in 2016, making Dunn the perfect person to consult for Barnes' bridesmaid dress upgrade.
"Being a designer that makes clothing for folks of all shapes and sizes, I know that plus size folks have way less options when it comes to fashion compared to straight size folks," Dunn tells Bustle. "So it's no surprise to me that this crosses over to wedding parties. Accessibility is always a number one concern in my mind. People of all shapes, sizes, heights, weights, ages, ethnicity, ability, and gender should have the same options to look and feel wonderful — and that includes the most important and special days of our lives."
Was Dunn able to create a dress for Barnes that they felt more comfortable in? Is it possible to find a dress that both accentuates Barnes' plus size body, and fell in line with what their bride wanted? You'll have to check out Bridesmaid Upgrade to find out. For now, Barnes has one word of advice for all bridesmaid dress designers out there.
"I think that bridal designers should extend their size ranges," Barnes says. "And should also add more versatility. [They should start making] bridal sexy or bridal chic (as I'd like to refer to those styles), [the kind] more closely found in straight size bridal gowns."
Watch Bustle's new show, Bridesmaid Upgrade, to find out. Episode 1 is available now on Facebook, with new episodes airing every Tuesday!
© Joshua Lott / AFP
© Joe Penney / Reuters
© Joe Penney / Reuters
© Scott Olson / Getty Images / AFP
© Joshua Lott / AFP
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
Demonstrators have gathered across the United States to decry racism and hatred following a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, which led to violent clashes and the death of a 32-year-old woman.Protesters turned out from coast to deliver many different messages.While some came out to support groups which are condemned by white supremacists, others rallied for the removal of Confederate monuments - the issue that prompted the Charlottesville rally on Saturday.Others gathered to denounce fascism and the Trump administration, which many feels have empowered white supremacists.Hundreds of counter-protesters turned up to a right-wing rally in Seattle, prompting riot police to separate the two groups with a barricade.Footage posted online appears to show members of the two sides facing off in the street. Someone out of the camera frame can be heard shouting "F**k off fascists!"Police used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers, according to a statement issued by the city of Seattle.Authorities said they observed some people infiltrating peaceful counter-protesters while carrying ax handles, two-by-four pieces of wood, and balloons containing an "unknown liquid substance."Three men were arrested and several weapons were confiscated.Several hundred protesters also turned up in Denver, gathering beneath a statue of Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marching two miles to the state capitol.Protesters in Fort Collins, Colorado, also turned out to march, with demonstrators shouting "Everyone is welcome here. No hate, no fear." One banner said "Make racists ashamed again," AP reported.In Manhattan, protesters marched from several locations to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white supremacist groups involved in the Saturday violence in Charlottesville.The New York City protesters could be heard shouting "No Trump! No KKK! No fascist USA!"Others marched through downtown Los Angeles, including 62-year-old Helen Rubenstein, whose parents were Holocaust survivors. They said they fear extremist views are becoming the new normal under the Trump administration."I blame Donald Trump 100 percent because they emboldened all these people to incite hate, and they are now promoting violence and killing," Rubenstein told AP.In Chicago, protesters could be seen holding giant replicas of Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence. The Trump mock-up displayed a sign that said "fascist," while Pence's sign said "Christian theocrat."Protesters also gathered outside the White House in Washington DC, holding signs which read "Trump = Hate" and "Wake up and smell the Nazis."The mood was more solemn in Charlottesville on Sunday, with mourners gathering for a candlelight vigil to pay respect to 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was killed when James Alex Fields allegedly plowed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters at the 'Unite the Right' rally. Nineteen others were injured.Additional rallies took place in other locations across the US on Sunday, from western Michigan to South Carolina. Activist group Indivisible Guide wrote on Facebook that 500 events had been organized."People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done," Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group which organized demonstrations in New York, San Francisco, and other cities, told AP."This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed."Trump has been criticized for failing to explicitly denounce the white supremacists involved in the Saturday violence in Charlottesville, instead opting to condemn "hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides."
Republicans represent 23 congressional districts that Democrat Hillary Clinton won in 2016. Thirteen of those Republicans are banding together to push their own plan to force action on immigration.
It's probably going nowhere, meaning the plan's purpose is to help protect these vulnerable GOP lawmakers politically as Republicans and Democrats remain stuck over how to tackle immigration issues.
Darrell West, vice president of governance studies at the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan think tank, said Republicans are simply giving themselves political cover.
“They can say they made an effort, then blame Congress as a whole for not taking action,” West said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The vulnerable Republicans' plan, introduced by Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., with 38 other Republicans Monday, would have the House consider a series of immigration bills.
Two of the bills – the DREAM Act and the USA Act – have been backed by both Democrats and Republicans.
The USA Act provides a path to legal citizenship for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients while also providing more for immigration enforcement policies. The DREAM Act provides a path to legal citizenship without increased immigration enforcement.
DACA is an Obama-era program that allows people who entered the country illegally as minors to remain, work and study in the country legally. President Donald Trump announced plans to phase out the program in September.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 931 Gov. Scott stops in Bradenton, signs bill to fund fight against opioids Pause 94 Lamb declares victory in Pennsylvania House race 123 Trump calls Tillerson 'good man' after firing him; says they shares 'very similar thought process' with Pompeo 450 Mike Pompeo makes first public address in Wichita as CIA director 67 Rex Tillerson insists he's committed to role, President Trump despite media report 133 Trump talks new slogan for 2020, border wall at Pennsylvania rally 46 Trump says they would have run into school during Florida shooting 76 Gov. Jay Inslee confronts Trump: ‘We need a little less tweeting…more listening' 86 Trump talks guns, school safety and DACA at CPAC 99 NRAs LaPierre at CPAC: We must harden 'wide open target' schools Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
President Trump outlined their immigration plan during their first State of the Union. Congress is set to take up immigration and DACA legislation before the next government shutdown deadline on Feb. 8. The White House
They gave Congress a March 5 deadline to pass legislation aimed at resolving the issue, but court rulings have continued the young immigrants' protected status for now.
The Securing America's Future Act has no Democratic cosponsors and includes border wall funding, significant cuts to paths to legal immigration and no pathway to permanent citizenship for DACA recipients.
Under House rules, whichever bill wins a majority and receives the highest number of votes in the package would be considered passed and move on to the Senate.
“We have several viable solutions stuck in committee, unable to advance for debate and amendment,” Denham said. “The gridlock simply cannot continue.”
Sponsors in Clinton-won districts include Denham, Reps. David Valadao, R-Calif., Will Hurd, R-Texas, Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., Dana Rohrabacher, R-Calif., and Stephen Knight, R-Calif. Reps. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., also signed on but are retiring in 2018.
Many also have large Latino populations. Denham's district is 40 percent Latino, Valadao's is 71 percent and Curbelo's is 74 percent.
The White House and Democrats have been trying, unsuccessfully, to find common ground. The effort by the vulnerable Republicans to use little-known actions to force their own leadership to consider immigration legislation is yet another indicator of the ongoing deadlock.
“Quite frankly, we now are in a situation where leadership is going to have to show leadership and do that which has not been happening on immigration,” Issa said. “And my guess is leadership likes what's not happening. I hope I'm wrong.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office did not return a request for comment.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, R-Calif., said there “might be an opportunity” with that proposal, but still didn't see reasons for Democrats to cooperate.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 931 Gov. Scott stops in Bradenton, signs bill to fund fight against opioids Pause 94 Lamb declares victory in Pennsylvania House race 123 Trump calls Tillerson 'good man' after firing him; says they shares 'very similar thought process' with Pompeo 450 Mike Pompeo makes first public address in Wichita as CIA director 67 Rex Tillerson insists he's committed to role, President Trump despite media report 133 Trump talks new slogan for 2020, border wall at Pennsylvania rally 46 Trump says they would have run into school during Florida shooting 76 Gov. Jay Inslee confronts Trump: ‘We need a little less tweeting…more listening' 86 Trump talks guns, school safety and DACA at CPAC 99 NRAs LaPierre at CPAC: We must harden 'wide open target' schools Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi set the record for the longest House floor speech Wednesday. They spoke for more than six hours to oppose the budget deal because the plan doesn't include a permanent solution for undocumented immigrants affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. AP
“There's not a whole lot of reasons to negotiate, to do anything that is not already covered by the court decision,” Pelosi said, referencing a ruling by the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that allow new DACA applications to be accepted indefinitely.
“I mean, should we give a border wall for nothing? No, I don't think so,” they added.
Rep. John Yarmuth, D-Ky., the top Democrat on the House Budget Committee, said Republicans did not have the votes needed without Democrats, and Democrats were unlikely to make a push right now.
They cited past failures, including the government shutdown stemming from a Democratic push for DACA action in January and an unwillingness to act when the courts had given “some breathing room, probably nine to 12 months.”
McClatchy Washington Bureau reporter Lesley Clark contributed to this report.
An 82-year-old female was robbed in their home yesterday by two knife-wielding masked suspects, Campbell River RCMP said.
The suspects entered the home on the 1900 block of Holmstrom Road on Thursday (Oct. 5) around 4 p.m. and stole an undisclosed number of items.
The victim pulled the mask off one male and managed to escape from the suspects during the robbery. They were understandably shaken but was not seriously injured during the incident, RCMP said.
The suspects are not known to the victim.
The Campbell River RCMP have a number of investigators actively working on this incident but to date, no arrests have been made.
One suspect is described as early 20's, clean shaven, approximately six feet tall, brownish hair, white skin, blue eyes and thin to medium build.
Police are asking for the public's assistance in identifying those responsible. Anyone with information about this event or any suspicious activity in this area in or around the time of the event is asked to call police.
If you wish to remain anonymous, please call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
The upbeat results spurred Honda to raise its profit forecast for a third time this fiscal year. The Japanese automaker now expects full-year net income to climb 62 percent instead of decline.
In the company's fiscal third quarter ended Dec. 31, net income surged to 570.2 billion yen ($5.06 billion), from 168.8 billion yen ($1.5 billion) a year earlier. Honda credited U.S. tax cuts for a 346.1 billion yen ($3.07 billion) windfall that bolstered the bottom line.
Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill spent so much time hanging out on “Star Wars” sets over the years, things got a little weird. In a new essay at The Hollywood Reporter, Hamill remembers the late actor and the goofy things he'd do to make them happy. “Making their laugh was always a badge of honor,” Hamill wrote in the essay, published Monday. The actor remembered one particular stunt Fisher requested they pull off, involving the white jumpsuit from 1980's “The Empire Strikes Back.” I remember during Empire we were split up storywise; it was a difficult film to shoot and there was a lot of tension on the set. I was off in the swampland with the puppets and robots, but at least Carrie and Harrison got to work with human beings. Once at lunchtime they said, “You should try on my jumpsuit.” I said, “The one-piece white jumpsuit? You're what, 5'2”? I'll never get in!” They said, “Just try.” I put on that Princess Leia zipper jumpsuit and it was so tight I looked like a Vegas lounge singer. If that wasn't ridiculous enough, they had me put on one of those bald cap masks with the Bozo hair and glasses and nose and then they walked me around the back lot. Fisher, who died last week at age 60, often surprised the actor with their candor and quick wit. “She just sucked you into their world,” they wrote. Sometimes the pair were best friends, but sometimes ― like members of the same family, or a “garage band” that “somehow hit it huge” ― they “hated each other's guts” and wouldn't speak to one another for weeks at a time. Although they admitted Fisher could be “a handful,” Hamill is ultimately glad to have known them “[M]y life would have been so much drabber and less interesting if they hadn't been the friend that they are,” they wrote. To read the whole essay, head to The Hollywood Reporter.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The Bethel High School girls basketball team lost to host Vanden 69-25 on Tuesday in a battle for first place in the Solano County Athletic Conference.
With the win, the Vikings (22-5, 10-0) won the league outright and the Jaguars (20-7, 8-2) grabbed second place. Vanden is ranked No. 9 in the Sac-Joaquin Section and No. 2 in its division.
Talia Williams-Davis had seven points while Sarah Martinez and Trinity Kilson each had four points for Bethel.
Bethel now awaits the brackets for the Sac-Joaquin Section playoffs.
This early season 2-10 nightmare is, finally, not good news for Rogers, which may have to return to worrying about attendance numbers and TV ratings again. The Jays, as much as anything, have done wonderful things for the company's public image and reputation, something a non-successful club cannot do in quite the same way.
Certainly not good for the fans who, after a quarter-century of pretty much nothing, quickly got used to pennant races and October baseball again. The last two seasons, while ultimately unsuccessful in terms of capturing the World Series, have nonetheless been joyous in these parts, with fans enthusiastically returning to the club, either in person at the ballpark or on television where Rogers has reaped the benefits of boffo TV numbers.
You could never say the early part of this Toronto Blue Jays season has been a “good” thing. Not for the players or the management. Certainly not for John Gibbons, although a contract extension insulates them to some degree against the buffeting winds of their team's win-loss record.
At the same time, baseball history is telling us in rather strong terms that if this season was only about winning the World Series, which it was, than it is already lost. No team has bounced back from this type of start in baseball history to win it all. Sure, it could still happen. Sure, these could be the Miracle Jays.
So now you have the oldest (and slowest?) ball club in the majors being tested for its depth. You can't replace Donaldson, and while the Jays still have three very good starters in Marcus Stroman, Marco Estrada and Francisco Liriano, they're now facing question marks for the short term at least for starters No. 4 and 5.
The awful early season record is now compounded by having star third baseman Josh Donaldson on the disabled list and two of their very best pitchers, J.A. Happ and Aaron Sanchez, facing physical challenges . That the staff has been hit by injuries should be of no surprise to anyone. Last year, the Jays were blessed with unusually good health in their starting rotation, and the reality of rotator cuffs, elbow soreness, blisters and the like mitigated right from the start of the season against the possibility that the same could happen again.
But probably not.
The reality that was staring Jays management in the face at the beginning of spring training, meanwhile, was that this was also a franchise in serious need of finding youth and talent to fill its minor league system again. Much was traded away, mostly by former GM Alex Anthopoulos, to help fuel those exciting runs of the past two years, and now the bill has come due.
Fortuitously for Anthopoulos, he's not around to have to figure how to pay that bill. That falls to Mark Shapiro and Ross Atkins, who have yet to even approach the popularity that AA enjoyed, and were slammed in some corners for not re-signing Edwin Encarnacion and not doing enough during the off-season to prevent what's happening now from happening.
Shapiro has made it clear the only way for the Jays to rebuild the system, and ultimately produce the kind of homegrown, talented team that Shapiro helped develop in Cleveland before departing just before that team became a winner again, is through trades (established talent for futures) and baseball's amateur draft.
For the most part, the draft is a very slow, gradual process. In hockey, you can draft Connor McDavid, Auston Matthews and Patrik Laine in June, and within five months they're starring for your NHL team. The Raps can draft Pascal Siakam and start them the following fall.
That's very, very rare in baseball, and sometimes the players you draft are difficult to sign. The only common ground is that like other sports, the least successful MLB teams draft higher. The Jays drafted players like Kendall Graveman and Jeff Hoffman, and both would be helpful to the club now had they not been traded to fuel short-term ambitions that nobody regrets. We won't even bring up Noah Syndergaard. Too painful.
They've drafted Bo Bichette and signed Vladimir Guerrero Jr., but they'll take time. Buffalo first baseman Rowdy Tellez seems close, but he's the only player on the verge of jumping to the big leagues and possibly making an impact that anybody seems to be talking about.
Shapiro says the system has to develop to the point where significant numbers of Double-A players are pushing for Triple-A roster spots at the same time Triple-A players are demanding time in the majors. The Jays aren't anywhere close to that situation right now.
There is an urgent need for the Jays to get on with this process, and to some degree they have. But the playoffs of 2015 and '16 made doing so in a more aggressive way over the off-season impossible. The demands of the fans were for more winning and more playoffs, not a rebuilding process. Nobody was suggesting trading Donaldson for top prospects.
Now, with the situation being as bleak in April as it could possibly be, the avenue may soon be open to switching more aggressively to the rebuilding process. People aren't going to like it, there will be lots more complaining about not signing Edwin and about how the suits at Rogers don't care, but none of that will change what needs to be done.
Sure, you could trade Tellez, Bichette, Guerrero or others to get some help now, but that would be self-destructive. The current management team just isn't going to do that.
This season, of course, still has to play out. If the Jays start winning, say, two out of every three games, by the end of May they could be back above .500. No big decisions have to be made now, and if the ball club responds in the coming weeks, the landscape could change dramatically.
There's still lots of time before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline for the Jays season to turn much more positive and make the summer competitively interesting. What will not change, however, is the need to stop being the oldest team in baseball sometime very soon and start being a team that churns out significant amounts of major-league talent from its minor-league system.
So no, what's happening now isn't good. No sir. But it's not necessarily bad.
In fact, it may be necessary.
ROSWELL, Ga. -- An accidental shooting in the parking lot of a Motorsports store in Roswell left a teen with special needs dead early Tuesday afternoon, and now those teens' caretaker is charged.
Authorities said 35-year-old Gerard K. Brister now faces involuntary manslaughter and reckless conduct charges.
Roswell Police said a group of teens and who also have special needs, stopped at Mountain Motorsports on their way to a camping trip.
Police said six teens were left inside the vehicle in the parking lot of the store in the 1200 block of Upper Hembree Road at about 12:45 p.m., while the adult chaperone, Brister, went inside.
“It appears the gun was in the vehicle," Sgt. Zachary Frommer. "It was a vehicle that I believe belongs to the chaperone or at least was being driven by the chaperone. The chaperone went in the store and left the kids in the car.”
According to police, one of the teens, a 21-year-old with "significantly diminished capabilities" allegedly picked up the gun from under the seat and shot and killed 17-year-old Zachary Chambless of Dunwoody with the gun.
Police said witnesses told them they heard the gunshots.
“I heard two gun shots go off," said Rhiannon Lindsay, a witness. "They were right after each other, just two, quick pops.”
A bystander in the parking lot, a 63-year-old man not connected to the group, was grazed in the hand. Authorities said they drove themselves to the hospital.
PHOTOS: Teen with special needs killed in Roswell shooting 01 / 12 01 / 12
While officials have charged Brister, they say the Fulton County District Attorney's Office could charge them with more counts of reckless conduct because of the number of victims and the nature of the situation.
Brister was taken to the Fulton County Jail.
Sign up for The Speed Feed newsletter below to get the latest headlines in your inbox each weekday! (App users click here)
Email* Subscribe
© 2018 WXIA
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A tougher test is needed when deciding if clearing of euro denominated assets conducted outside the European Union should be relocated to the bloc, a senior EU lawmaker said on Friday.
The draft law is seen by Britain as an attack on the City of London financial district where an arm of the London Stock Exchange clears the bulk of euro denominated assets.
Britain, which is due to leave the bloc in March next year, is likely to welcome the softer stance in the report after euro clearing became a Brexit battleground with Brussels.
LCH and its regulator, the Bank of England, have warned that forced relocation would mean fragmenting markets in Europe, bumping up costs and potentially seeing the activity shift to New York.
The draft law proposes that the bloc could bar a significantly “systemic” foreign clearing house from serving banks and asset managers in the EU unless European regulators had full access to its operations to check on safety.
Such a bar would force the clearer to move operations to the bloc or lose the business.
The draft is being scrutinised by EU states and the European Parliament. Danuta Hubner, who is steering it through parliament, said in a report on Friday that it needed amending, but they stopped short of ditching outright the controversial forced relocation element.
The ability to deny recognition to a foreign clearing house is a last resort tool that should remain in place as an insurance mechanism to protect the financial stability of the EU, the report said.
“However, the process of denying recognition should be made more fact-based and evidence-based and offer more certainty to market actors,” the report said.
A decision to deny recognition should be based on “a prior impact analysis and consider clear criteria”.
Such reports help lawmakers reach an agreed position before thrashing out a final version with EU states, with many changes likely along the way.
The report said the definition of what would constitute a “systemic” foreign clearing house should be made far more granular by including its network of direct and indirect clients.
How easy or difficult it would be for a customer to find an alternative clearing house should also be taken into account, the report said.
EU regulators would have to study the “potential consequences, in terms of costs and benefits” of forcing a foreign clearing house to seek authorisation to operate in the bloc, it added.
Where a decision is taken to require relocation of clearing, there should be an “appropriate adaptation period” during which temporary recognition could continue, the report said.
Foreign clearing houses should also get 10 working days to respond to a request from EU regulators for information rather than the 72 hours proposed in the European Commission's draft law. (Reporting by Huw Jones, editing by David Evans)
Red Bull boss Christian Horner has labelled the way Mercedes dealt with its strategy error at the Austrian Grand Prix as "bizarre" and says they would not expect one of their strategists to make an apology on team radio in the same circumstances.
Editor's Picks Mercedes: Vowles' radio call required 'broad shoulders' Mercedes technical director James Allison believes the way their team dealt with its strategy mistake at the Austrian Grand Prix shows a healthy attitude towards failure.
Mercedes failed to score points at last weekend's grand prix after both cars retired with reliability issues, but prior to Lewis Hamilton's retirement the pit wall threw away the lead of the race by failing to pit Hamilton under a Virtual Safety Car. In trying to explain how they had lost the lead of the race, Mercedes head strategist James Vowles apologised twice to Hamilton over team radio, which was broadcast publically across television channels.
Horner said they found it strange that Mercedes felt the need to apologise to Hamilton in order to motivate the four-time world champion and would not expect the same from their team.
"Every driver is different, and I've never worked with Lewis so I don't know what makes them tick, but it seems a fairly bizarre thing for someone to need to do -- to throw themselves under the bus to motivate a driver to go from fourth back into the lead," Horner said. "I think that obviously Mercedes has got so used to being at the front, qualifying on the front row, and any at race that they are not on the podium it is disastrous."
Christian Horner has questioned the way Mercedes dealt with it's strategy mistake at the Red Bull Ring. Mark Thompson/Getty Images
They added: "It's quite difficult without knowing the intricacies of other teams, but the one thing you have to do as a team is win as a team and lose as a team, and that's why we don't often -- or hardly at all -- talk about individuals in success or failure, because that puts an unfair amount of scrutiny and pressure on that individual.
"So certainly our philosophy is that, as a team, it's collective responsibility rather than an individual's. Of course there has to be accountability, but that's something that's dealt with in the right environment behind closed doors, not in a public forum."
Horner believes Mercedes showed signs of vulnerability in Austria and hopes their team can up the pressure and force more errors in the future.
"I think that if you look at Mercedes' history, the team is basically what Ross [Brawn] put in place several years ago. Of course it's been added to and they've had a great advantage over the last few years, and their only main competition has been internal between their own drivers.
"So they have never been in a position -- or the management of the team has never been in a position -- where they have had to go head to head through an entire season, and of course the closer you get towards the end of the year the more the pressure builds. It's a new experience for them. They are obviously very capable people there, but our role if we get close enough will be to put pressure on, because we've seen that when you do put pressure on Mercedes mistakes do happen."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers has a five year plan to turn Celtic into one of European football's elites, according to centre back Erik Sviatchenko .
The Hoops qualified for the Champions League group stage for the first time in the three seasons this year.
But Rodgers' side bowed out of the competition without winning a game in a group containing Barcelona and Manchester City.
(Photo: Getty)
The Glaswegian outfit is currently on a 19 game winning streak in the Scottish Premiership clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership - and could be crowned champions for the 48th time with NINE games to spare.
They are a whopping 27 points clear of second and third placed sides Aberdeen and Rangers and have won an average of just over 2.9 points per game.
And Denmark international Sviatchenko has backed former Liverpool boss Rodgers to bring back continental glory to Celtic Park - having won the European Cup in 1967.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Ian MacNicol)
They said: “Our preparations for next season's challenges began virtually the day when we were knocked out of this season. It is a clear and natural part of being a top club.
“With great respect for our environment we are working to be better in the long run and it is a project that may run the next four to five years.
“Not just now or next year. It must be sustainable in the long term. There has been an amazing structure put into things.”
Kop flop Rodgers has previous promised to splash the cash. They said: “We will always push to make a signing if it is right for the club and right for the team. I have never been given a ceiling."
Laser Radial Youth World Championships – Day 2
Day 2 – Laser Radial Youth World Championships Eric Faust Day 2 – Laser Radial Youth World Championships Eric Faust
by Eric Faust - ILCA today at 6:10 pmOn Alpha Course, the yellow fleet got off their start under a U Flag and Ireland's Ewan Mcmahon led the way around the course with Josh Armit of New Zealand and Australian Caelin Winchcombe close on their tail. The following blue and red fleets had multiple general recalls before finally starting race one.
Japan's Yoshihiro Suzuki sailed to an easy win in the blue fleet while Norway's Uffe Tomasgaard found their form to take a bullet in the boy's red fleet. Slightly lighter winds caused the fleets to spread out in race two. Gregoire Peverelli of Switzerland managed a win in the blue fleet, which paired nicely with their second place from race one today. Local Dutch sailor, Juan Camacho Soares, rounded out the day with their best race of the series; winning the final race on Alpha Course in the red fleet.
Clean starts were equally tricky on Bravo Course as sailors pushed the pin end looking to take advantage of the day's left shift. Italian Guido Gallinaro dominated the boys' green fleet with a pair of bullets and, after discarding their fourteenth place from yesterday, now leads the 273-boat boys' division with a perfect three-point score line followed by a tie between Argentina's Matias Dietrich and Winchcombe each with seven points.
In the girls' division, first place is tied between German Julia Buesselberg and Lin Pletikos of Slovenia with four points apiece. Buesselberg found their place at the top of the white fleet today, claiming a first and second for the day. Pletikos won their first race in the purple fleet and followed by sailing their discard sixth place in race two to claim second place overall on a tiebreaker with Buesselberg. Great Britain's Matilda Nicholls had a consistent day with a two and a four to remain in third place overall in the 106-boat girls' division.
Racing continues tomorrow with two more races scheduled.
Boys preliminary results after four races:
1. Guido Gallinaro ITA 3pts
2. Matias Dietrich ARG 7pts
3. Caelin Winchcombe AUS 7pts
4. Gregoire Peverelli SUI 8pts
5. Maor Ben Harosh ISR 8pts
6. Anastasios Panagiotidis GRE 9pts
7. Josh Armit NZL 11pts
8. Dimitris Papadimitriou GRE 12pts
9. Lorenzo Masetti ITA 14pts
10. Daniil Krutskikh RUS 14pts
Girls preliminary results after four races:
1. Julia Buesselberg GER 4pts
2. Lin Pletikos SLO 4pts
3. Matilda Nicholls GBR 7pts
4. Hannah Anderssohn 10pts
5. Dolores Moreira Fraschini URU 11pts
6. Laura Schewe GER 17pts
7. Justine Van Tongel BEL 17pts
8. Emma Savelon NED 19pts
9. Valeria Lomatchenko RUS 19pts
10. Laila Van Der Meer NED 20pts
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156423
Through one-third of their first NHL season, the Vegas Golden Knights are tied for fifth in NHL team scoring with 101 goals. That number is plus-11 versus their opponents, and VGK's per-game average of 3.48 goals is third only to the New York Islanders and Tampa Bay Lightning.
To help compile this list of the top five percent of Vegas tallies, I recruited a roundtable of my fellow Golden Knights columnists from The Hockey Writers. Eduardo Razo, Dalton Tinklenberg, Eric Hall, and Thomas Conroy added this assessment of VGK's early competitiveness.
Early season success gained by the Vegas Golden Knights has been fueled by a blend of youth and age. The talent put on the ice each night has been quite impressive as the future of the NHL in Las Vegas is bright.
#5 We Are Vegas Strong
Eduardo Razo – As the Vegas Golden Knights continue their Cinderella-like season, the best goal I've seen came in their home opener versus the Arizona Coyotes on Oct. 10. After a mass shooting nine days earlier, which rocked the city of Las Vegas and the entire country to its core, this brand-new hockey team attempted to help take minds off the tragedy, even if it was for just one night. Following the pre-game ceremony honoring first responders, Derek Engelland, former Las Vegas Wranglers player, and off-season Valley resident, gave a heartfelt speech of support to the sold-out crowd.
Then, as fate would have it, the defenseman would also score the second of five VGK goals that night. Only four minutes into the first period, Brendan Leipsic created a turnover at the Arizona high-slot and curled to find Engelland for a one-timer through a double screen at the top right circle. The crowd erupted. This goal won't make many highlight reels, but it will surely have a place in Vegas' top goals in their inaugural season.
#4 Undefeated in Overtime
Dalton Tinklenberg – The biggest goal for the first third of this NHL season has to be Jonathan Marchessault's overtime goal against the San Jose Sharks on Nov. 24. Shortly after the start of overtime, the winger blasted a goal past Sharks' netminder Aaron Dell for the win on home ice. After receiving the puck from Shea Theodore in the left faceoff circle, Marchessault used a few shifty moves before lasering the puck, deflecting first off the goalie's left skate and then off Joe Thornton's right boot blade into the net.
The extra-frame goal sealed the Golden Knights' eighth-straight victory at home. More importantly, it helped keep their first-place momentum in the Pacific division. This particular game was VGK's fourth of five overtime wins this year in as many tries. The goal saved the Golden Knights from what could have been a massive collapse after they led by three goals at one point, similar to their Oct. 17 game against the Sabres.
#3 The Frenchy Dangle
Eric Hall – Pierre-Édouard Bellemare's second-ever Vegas goal on Nov. 7 was incredible. Down 2-0 for most of the first period at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Bellemare found themselves practically alone in the offensive zone with three minutes to play. After corralling the dumped-in puck, No. 41 used their stick-handles to swerve their way through two defenders and put the puck in the net. After making former Bolts winger Jonathan Drouin miss, they five-holed defenseman Jeff Petry and followed that with another five-hole of Canadiens' goalie Charlie Lindgren.
The goal was important for the team as it shifted momentum going into the first intermission. Scoring late in the first period shrunk the Canadiens lead and gave Vegas hope for a comeback effort. Ultimately, the team lost to Montreal 3-2, but Bellemare's dangle goal put the team in a better position on enemy ice during a tough East Coast road trip.
#2 Wild Bill is a Top Line Center
Jonathan West – Oct. 21 was T-Mobile Arena's first-ever Saturday night hockey game for the Golden Knights, and the first draw this year against the league-leading St. Louis Blues. After finishing regulation in a 2-2 tie, VGK entered overtime with their third-string goalie Oscar Dansk after Malcolm Subban was injured in the third period.
With 30 seconds left until a shootout, Blues winger Vladimir Sobotka passed to Alex Steen who mishandled the puck on a Vegas double team. Steen and Sobotka's tangling with Knights defenseman Brad Hunt created a two-on-one for the home team. Reilly Smith's pass underneath the stick of a diving Alex Pietrangelo found William Karlsson for an off-wing one-timer to win it.
Drafted out of the Swedish Hockey League by the Anaheim Ducks in 2011 and traded to Columbus Blue Jackets in 2015, it looked as if “Wild Bill” (who got that nickname from the Ducks staff early on) was shaping up to be another NHL journeyman. But now it seems like No. 71 has hit the reset button and is disproving even the harshest critics. Their 15 goals and 26 points lead the expansion team.
#1 James Neal and Vegas' First Win
Thomas Conroy – If Hollywood was casting the role of a classic hockey goal-scorer, then James Neal fits the bill. They have netted over 20 goals in each of their 10 NHL seasons, but none was more important than their opening night game-winning goal against the Dallas Stars earlier this season.
In the days prior to the season-opener, there wasn't a guarantee that Neal would play against the Stars, and not only did they play, but Neal scored both Knights goals in a hard fought 2-1 win. Neal's first goal was their patent wrist shot from the top of the face-off circle, but the second goal will forever be etched in Golden Knights history.
The go-ahead goal came on a beautiful lead pass by Cody Eakin on a 2-on-1 breakaway as Neal lost their edge while lifting the puck over Stars goaltender Kari Lehtonen from their knees with 2:44 remaining in the game.
Neal's effort on the goal set the tone for the season. From that moment, the Golden Knights were going to be quite different than past NHL expansion franchises. This isn't a group of misfits that are lucky to have a job in the NHL. No, this is a roster dedicated to winning each night they lace up their skates.
Tough news for Rick Santorum, Joan Walsh, Jack Kingston and the dozens of CNN analysts and contributors who often hold forth during the network's primetime “panel” discussions: Chris Cuomo wants little to do with you.
When Cuomo launches a new CNN show in primetime next week, they intend to rely largely on one-on-one interviews with newsmakers, and less on the large and often unruly roundtables that have become a staple on the Time Warner-owned network's air since before the 2016 election. Doing so, they say, was one of the conditions they sought in exchange for taking the new gig.
They got it. “I don't need to sit there and listen to all of these outsized voices with competing banter,” Cuomo says during a recent interview. “I think there's enough of it.”
And so, CNN will make a new bid in what is perhaps cable news' most heated fray. When CNN debuts “Cuomo Prime Time” at 9 p.m. on Monday, it will mark the network's first major change to its primetime schedule since it swapped out Piers Morgan in 2014 for Don Lemon and a new line of documentary series. It will also represent a new effort to take on two of the most watched anchors in the field. Cuomo's new show will air directly against Fox News Channel's “Hannity” and MSNBC's “The Rachel Maddow Show.” The panel discussions will thrive elsewhere, says Jeff Zucker, president of CNN Worldwide., but “we don't want this show to be like every other show or any other show.”
Related CNN Woos Tiffany, Volvo to Royal Wedding Coverage MSNBC, CNN Have Been Pitched Show Featuring Avenatti, Scaramucci
Cuomo is taking on a more difficult task by eschewing the talking heads. The panels “have become predictable and tiresome, but there's a safety in numbers with them,” says Mark Feldstein, chair of broadcast journalism at the University of Maryland. But “live, one-on-one interviews are a high wire balancing act: more interesting than panels if the guest and interviewer are good but deadly if they're not.”
The anchor wouldn't have it any other way. The panels, they say, often serve as a sort of echo chamber and let viewers pick out the speakers who say things that confirm their own beliefs. One-on-one conversation does not. “I like being uncomfortable. I like making other people uncomfortable,” Cuomo explains. “How do you know that? Why do we think that? It's not coming from a bad place.” CNN hopes to make Cuomo's interviews with people on any side of a debate a new primetime highlight, says Melanie Buck, the executive producer of the new program. “We are going to be able to give these interviews more time than I think other shows are able to do,” they say. “That will be our strength.”
As the son of one New York governor, Mario Cuomo, and the brother of another, Andrew Cuomo, the CNN anchor is well-versed in how to talk to people at the top. “He saw politics from the inside. They can't take the B.S.. They will sit there and they will know someone is B.S.-ing, because they saw it from the day they were born,” says Chris Vlasto, senior executive producer of investigations at ABC News, and a former Cuomo colleague. “He won't let them get away with it, and that's what is driving him.”
The real question, however, is whether Cuomo can gain traction against Hannity and Maddow. Can they make inroads at 9 p.m.? Their answer is simple: “Yes.”
They feel he's entering a situation similar to the one he's leaving at CNN. When they started “New Day” at CNN in 2013, the network had seemingly exhausted its efforts to spark a following in the morning, despite programs like “Starting Point,” “American Morning” and “Early Start.” After a rocky debut, however, Cuomo and co-anchor Alisyn Camerota gained traction with an A.M. program that wasn't afraid to to showcase knock-down interviews with newsmakers despite the early hour. Producers at “New Day” would often go commercial free to accommodate the anchors' 25-minute-plus discussions. Cuomo recently made news with an interview with Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani that lasted more than 42. In the first quarter, “New Day” made a 6% gain among adults between 25 and 54 – the demographic most favored by advertisers – and notched a 4% hike in overall viewership. That said, the show is still, like Cuomo, duking things out. In April, rivals at Fox News and MSNBC won more viewers in both categories.
Cuomo will face more of the same in primetime. The Hannity and Maddow shows have each trumped CNN in recent weeks. In April, Sean Hannity won an average of 678,000 viewers between 25 and 54 . Maddow captured an average of 637,000. Anderson Cooper's two-hour program, which currently fills the 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. hours, lured an average of 361,000. Trends have been similar in May.
“They are prohibitive favorites. I'm certainly an underdog. It would be silly to think otherwise,” says Cuomo. “But if you do the job for the right reasons, you will do well.” They stick to a philosophy: If they just keeps doing what he's passionate about, audiences will find him. “You grind and you grow. I believe in that very much. You can't do the job if you don't think you can have success.” They also intend to take their program on the road, to scenes of natural disasters or moments of crisis, which they feel will also distinguish them from rivals.
Cuomo's launch could give CNN a new opportunity to tout a brand that has been transformed in recent years. Once derided for being too vanilla and down-the-middle in its presentation of news events, the network has pushed a sort of “aggressive neutral” since late 2016, sometimes through Cuomo's morning work. A new promo for “Cuomo Prime Time” tells viewers that “When They Face Power….No One Gets A Pass,” and shows the anchor dueling with everyone from Bernie Sanders to Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
“We fully acknowledge that it's the hardest hour in all news, and you have two really talented broadcasters in that hour,” says Zucker, who adds: “One of them has already convicted Donald Trump and one of them has already exonerated Donald Trump. We are looking for the truth, and that's how we want to set ourselves apart.” Hannity regularly tells people he's not a journalist, though it's not always clear their viewers make that distinction. Maddow is known for their meticulous research and preparation before launching into an hour on MSNBC.
Cuomo says they will “test” visitors with “debate with decency” that asks guests to explain themselves to CNN's viewers.
CNN's ad-sales team has pitched the program to Madison Avenue as being a place where visitors understand what they are facing. “Regardless of how aggressive they will get in terms of talking or interviewing, the viewers like them and the people he's interviewing enjoy talking to him,” says Katrina Cukaj, executive vice president of ad sales strategy and network partnerships for Turner Ad Sales.
People in political life “know the difference between a hard punch and a cheap shot,” says Cuomo. “I don't do cheap shots.”
Cuomo has long leaned in to the news job. A former lawyer, they got their start by making an appearance on Geraldo Rivera's syndicated program. Rivera was impressed enough with their performance that they helped Cuomo make a connection with an agent. Cuomo says they remained skeptical of the idea. Roger Ailes showed interest in him, Cuomo recalls, telling him, “I'll teach you the skills. You'll either do it or you'll flame out, and you don't care anyway.”
But Cuomo did care, and they were noticed by both Victor Neufeld, the former producer of ABC's “20/20” and Diane Sawyer. Cuomo would go on to work “20/20” as well as “Good Morning America,”and stood out for their willingness to get out in the field and cover distressing scenes or moments of crisis, says Vlasto.
Cuomo and their team aren't stacking the show's opening nights with surprise guests and they don't expect outsize ratings success in the program's early days. But they will show up every night, they say, and try to help viewers gain insight into what's happening out in the world. They think it can work. “Only a fool thinks you're going to do anything quickly in a business that‘s about habit,” they say. “And only a fool does something this ambitious without thinking they can do it well.”
Fox News hopes to shake up some TV viewers' morning routines.
The 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network is trying to draw viewers to its “Fox & Friends” and mid-morning “America's Newsroom” with a new ad and promo campaign – as some rival broadcast morning programs deal with issues of their own.
In a series of print ads and video promos that kicked off Monday, Fox News Channel tells viewers that “We Own Mornings,” and touts both A.M. entries. The cable-news network is running TV ads on some local stations owned by ABC, NBC and CBS, as well as on its own air and print ads in the New York Post (owned by its sister corporation, News Corp.) “Only one network owns the mornings,” says an announcer in the video ads, followed by “Fox & Friends” co-host Brian Kilmeade saying to Ainsley Earhardt and Steve Doocy, “This is something all America should see.”
The effort comes as two broadcast networks, CBS and NBC, are working their way through the aftermath of surprising departures by two of the daypart's best-known anchors. Charlie Rose and Matt Lauer were fired by CBS and NBC, respectively, in recent weeks owing to allegations of inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. Neither network has announced a replacement for either and both are believed to be considering various internal candidates at present. The Fox News ads do not mention any of the rivals to their programs.
Related 'Today' Ratings Soar During Matt Lauer Chaos With Anchors Ousted, TV's Morning Shows Gear Up for New A.M. Battle
“Fox & Friends” is having a record-setting year in terms of ratings. President Donald Trump has given several interviews to the program since being elected and often cites it on Twitter. Year to date through December 6, “Fox & Friends” has captured an average of 367,000 people between 25 and 54 – the demographic most favored by news-program advertisers – a 32% jump over the year-earlier period. The show has attracted an average of 1.6 million viewers, a 25% gain over the year-earlier period, according to Nielsen. More people in both categories watch the show than its two main cable rivals, MSNBC's “Morning Joe” and CNN's “New Day.” “America's Newsroom” has seen similar surges in the two categories and also beats its two cable rivals.
And yet, the broadcast shows get bigger audiences to tune in. ABC, NBC and CBS continue to command the biggest audiences at wake-up time. “GMA” and “Today” each woo more than 4 million people on average, while “CBS This Morning” gets more than 3.5 million. Fox no doubt senses an opportunity to shake loose some viewers who may be undecided while two broadcast programs are in transition.
All three main A.M. cable programs have seen surges among viewers between 25 and 54, owing in part to their deeper dive into political news. The three broadcast programs tend top cast a wider net among general audiences.
As a soft, bald, late middle-age, goofball who still hasn't figured out exactly what I want to do with my life, I can say this with complete confidence: I hope for smooth sailing.
It's what I shoot for. Of all the people you'll meet in life, I am not the one who has a penchant for launching off into the maelstrom just to prove I can do it. No, that's not me at all. I'm at the other end of the spectrum, entirely.
When the water is calm, the air is still, and the sky is blue, every aspect of life is more inviting. A sense of peacefulness comes over us. The world opens up. We believe we can do whatever it is we want to do. We see possibilities. We dream big.That calm may be only surface deep, however. There may be turbulence under the surface, above the trees, or in our hearts and minds. Even in the moments when great serenity is apparent, the potential for trouble exists.
Very recently, I awoke to such a chain of events. Winds were light, out of the northwest. The sky was as blue as can be, unblemished by even a single wisp of water vapor. Visibility was excellent, and as I completed my Sunday morning chores, the idea of throwing a little adventure into my day blossomed and grew in my mind.
By noontime I'd made a decision. It's a perfect day to pull the Cub out of the hangar, circulate some oil, and head for a grass strip not far from my home airport. There, I would find a cluster of welcoming friends who live alongside that velvety green runway.
I grabbed my flight bag and headed for the airport.
The weather held beautifully and was forecast to remain unchanged for the remainder of the day. It was just past 12:30 when my wheels lifted off the ground. The Cub and I began to climb.
The takeoff was magnificent in the way they so often are when experienced from the pilot's seat of an airplane built three quarters of a century ago. A moment of introspection and an appreciation for the wonders of lift might have captured my imagination had it not been for a sudden dip of the left wing. An entirely unexpected yawing of the aircraft required a kick of rudder as I rolled the wings level again.
The day was not as peaceful as it appeared, and my flight was not to be the casual adventure I'd hoped it might be. My destination was barely 20 minutes from home and in the general direction of my runway heading, so as I climbed, bumped, twisted, and rolled my way to pattern altitude, I disregarded any misgivings about the discomfort I might suffer and set a course for Flanders Field.
I'm glad I did.
The flight was never unsafe, but it was far from the serene sightseeing experience I'd imagined it would be. The little Cub bounced along like a cork on the surface of a wind-whipped lake. At 1,000 feet above the surface, brisk winds mixed with rising thermals to create an invisible obstacle course that tossed us about at will. Buzzards rode the rising columns of air all along my path, forcing me to navigate my way through them like a downhill slalom racer at the Winter Games.
At my destination the wind sock told me I had a light, but direct crosswind on the runway. Aloft, I continued to bump and lurch my way through the ether. On final I held a significant crab correction to hold my line to the runway.
Descending through the clear-cut of trees on short final, my wings stretched out toward sturdy, straight pines on either side. Normally, I don't give our proximity to these tree trunks a second thought. On this flight, I gripped the stick a bit tighter than usual, even as I reminded myself to relax my clenched fingers.
Then, as suddenly as the turbulence had begun, it disappeared. The Cub broke out into the clear, the sound of soft wind in the cockpit replaced the clattering of the engine, and rubber touched grass as smoothly as it ever would.
I was down and safe.
In flight, as in life, the unexpected will happen. Our wishes will override our intellect at times, deluding us into believing all is well, when it is not. Or just as often, pushing us to the conclusion that all is lost, when we are in fact merely experiencing a few bumps and bruises along a path toward ultimate success.
Aviation and sailing both lend themselves to being analogous to life in general, because in each case, you're all in. Whether you want to be a player at the moment or not, you are.
Your choices are remarkably simple, even in the most challenging of circumstances. Do you want to think your way through the rocky shoals or turbulent air, or do you want to throw it in and let the winds take you where they will?
My visit to Flanders was simply wonderful, even if the flight to and from was not.
We enjoy the calm of the smooth air, but we learn from the challenges of the turbulence.
I wish you well on your journey, in good times and bad.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Interior, Ahsan Iqbal on Monday directed Inspector General of Police (IGP) Islamabad to expedite crackdown against menace of narcotics in Capital.
They were talking to IGP Islamabad, Sultan Azam Taimoori, who called on them here and briefed the Minister on different initiatives.
Ahsan Iqbal said Islamabad police should be made exemplary for the provinces while honest and professionally capable officers be posted in Islamabad.
The Minister further directed the IGP to accelerate implementation of Model Police Station project while recruitment of anti-riot police should also be done immediately.
They said Islamabad traffic police should ensure implementation of helmets and seat belts rules and police officers should show politeness with public, while leadership training of Station Head Officers (SHOs) should also be conducted.
Female SHO should be appointed and police officers be encouraged.
(Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is considering changes to a California desert plan that had set aside areas for renewable energy development, a move it says would promote more wind and solar projects on federal lands.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management, in a statement on Thursday, said it would consider amending the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan as part of a broader federal effort to unwind regulations that impede energy development.
The process is also aimed at making more land available for wireless broadband infrastructure, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Katharine MacGregor said in the statement.
“We need to reduce burdens on all domestic energy development, including solar, wind and other renewables,” they said.
The news drew praise from the wind and solar industries but criticism from California officials and environmental groups.
Reconsidering the plan would reopen conflicts over renewable energy development, conservation and other uses of the desert while “creating a cloud of uncertainty,” Karen Douglas, a commissioner with the California Energy Commission, said in an emailed statement.
The Bureau of Land Management is part of the Interior Department, which has made similar moves to open up more federal land and waters to oil and gas exploration.
The plan was jointly hatched by California and the federal government in an eight-year process finalized in September 2016.
Solar and wind developers had criticized the designation of just 388,000 acres of the 10.8 million acres covered by the plan for renewable energy development.
The California Wind Energy Association's executive director, Nancy Rader, said on Friday it was “ironic” that the Trump administration had moved to expand areas for renewable energy while the Obama administration had closed them off.
“We are happy for the BLM to take another look,” Rader said in an interview.
The Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement it looked forward to working with the Department of the Interior.
Environmental groups panned the move.
“There is no new data to support changing the plan,” said Mike Sweeney, executive director of The Nature Conservancy in California, in a statement, noting that it was “exhaustively developed” with eight years of data collection, scientific analyses and significant public and private input.
British independent producer Number 9 Films has set Claudia Yusef as its new head of development, the company announced Tuesday. Yusef will oversee development of all upcoming projects as well as focusing on discovering and nurturing emerging talent.
Yusef (pictured) joins Number 9 from Scottish Film Talent Network, where they were a talent development executive and ran the Scottish arm of the BFI's emerging talent initiative BFI Network. They will report to Number 9 co-founders and producers Stephen Woolley and Elizabeth Karlsen.
“As a European-based production company embracing both film and television drama, we are reliant upon high quality scripts and original source material,” said Woolley and Karlsen in a statement. “Claudia's enthusiasm and impressive credentials ensure that they can help take our company to a new level and enable us to continue pursuing our ambitious and challenging goals.”
Current feature projects in development at Number 9 include “So Much Love,” alongside Studio Canal, a biopic of British soul singer Dusty Springfield written by “Carol” screenwriter Phyllis Nagy; and “Mothering Sunday,” alongside Film4, which is being adapted by “Lady Macbeth” writer Alice Birch from the novel by Graham Swift. Television projects in development include an adaptation of Iris Murdoch's “The Sea,” alongside Archery Pictures, for the BBC; and an adaptation of Henry James' “The Portrait of a Lady,” developed alongside Red Production Company.
Related 'Carol' Producer Number 9, Red Plan TV Adaptation of ‘Portrait of a Lady' Saoirse Ronan to Star in 'On Chesil Beach'
Recent productions include Dominic Cooke's “On Chesil Beach,” starring Saoirse Ronan, which debuted at the Toronto Film Festival last September; and Wash Westmoreland's “Colette,” starring Keira Knightley, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January.
Yusef commented: “Stephen and Elizabeth's track record speaks for itself, and I've enjoyed and admired their work for years, but what I've found truly inspiring since meeting them is their infectious passion for the films yet to come. I'm thrilled to be joining Number 9, to work on its fantastic – and fantastically varied – slate.”
Allama Iqbal Open University (AIOU) on Monday announced that it has reinforced its multi-media system to provide academic support to its 1.3 students across the country. Through the Web-Tv, the students will be able to know more about the contents and programs of their academic courses, a news release said.
This is in addition to audio and video support, the students are already receiving through educational programs of Pakistan Television, Radio Pakistan and the University's FM radio. Such media's support is also available on demand. Now, the students could also get access to their respective courses by visiting the University's Web-Tv. This is the part of the University's consistent efforts to further improve its distance learning system, catering the students' academic needs.—APP
Related
FILE - In this Jan. 27, 2018, file photo, former Arizona state Sen. Debbie Lesko speaks with a constituent during the meeting of the state committee of the Arizona Republican Party in Phoenix. Lesko is running against Hiral Tipirneni in a special election, Tuesday, April 24, to fill the U.S. House seat vacated by Republican Rep. Trent Franks. Matt York, File AP Photo
NEW DELHI: In a move which may have wider political ramifications, Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu called up Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday and discussed BJP's ties with its NDA allies, said Sena sources.While TDP is unhappy with the "raw deal" Andhra received in the Union Budget , Sena has been railing against BJP for quite some time now.Naidu told Thackeray that the mood in TDP was that it should sever ties with BJP and go alone in 2019, Sena sources claimed, adding that West Bengal CM Mamata Bannerjee was also in touch with Thackeray.
CULLOWHEE, N.C. — Mike Amius had their second career double-double and Devin Peterson made five 3-pointers and finished with 25 points, both career highs, on Saturday night to help Western Carolina beat Samford 88-71.
Amius had career highs with 28 points, on 12-of-14 shooting, and 13 rebounds. Peterson made 10 of 16 from the field.
Demetrius Denzel-Dyson's 3-pointer gave Samford (8-17, 4-8 Southern Conference) an 8-0 lead and Alex Thompson's layup made 15-11 with 11 minutes left in the first half. The Bulldogs missed their next nine field-goal attempts and committed four turnovers as Western Carolina scored 17 of the next 19 points to take an 11-point lead six minutes later. Peterson scored 11 points, including three 3s, during that stretch and the Catamounts, who took a 38-27 lead into the break, led the rest of the way.
Eric Adams tied their career high, set in Thursday's loss to East Tennessee State, with 21 points and grabbed a career-best 11 rebounds for Samford.
Heavy rain and a waterlogged course forced the second round of the Ladies Open de France to be suspended.
Overnight leader on eight under Cristie Kerr had not started their round before the decision was made to bring all the players back on Saturday morning to finish, but their lead was cut to just one after Finland's Ursula Wikstrom completed nine holes in two under before being called off the course.
Wales' Lydia Hall was four shots back in joint eighth after recording one birdie in the three holes they managed to complete.
"There was a large amount of rainfall in the area last week and over the weekend, which had already saturated the golf course," said tournament director Davide Lantos. "Although the course was playable in the morning, the additional rain flooded several greens and fairways and the course became unplayable."
Organisers said the intention remains to complete 72 holes by Sunday. Officials were criticised for reducing last month's Evian Championship, the year's final major and also held in France, to 54 holes after torrential rain.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
The United Nations has decided to provide North Korea with $5.9 million to help the country's recovery efforts from severe droughts, according to a news report Tuesday.The UN Central Emergency Response Fund has decided to channel the fund to five UN agencies in the North, Voice of America reported, citing a press release from the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.Of the total, $2.8 million and $2.5 million will be given to UNICEF and WFP, respectively, to address health concerns for drought victims and prevent drought-related diseases.North Korea's main regions of grain production, including the Hwanghae provinces, have suffered great damage due to a drought that began in April.A UN investigation team reported in July that 16 percent of all farmland in South Hwanghae Province was heavily affected by drought, with 40 percent of the farmland in the Kangryong and Jangyon counties having dried up.In particular, 59 percent of the farmland in Jangpung County and North Hwanghae was ruined by drought, the team said, adding that rice paddies suffered more damage than corn fields. (Yonhap)
DESPITE adequate power supply, some or the other parts of Goa keep facing interruptions for one reason or another. Goans were used to seasonal interruptions, especially during the monsoon, when high winds would uproot trees whose branches would fall on the overhead distribution cables disrupting the supply. However, the outages can be for several other factors, factors that have not been tackled, either for lack of funds or too much corruption in choice of equipment and materials used in power distribution. Frequent power failures affect the economy. Goa is a tourist state. Power outages are bad for the tourism industry. Businesses of hotels, lodges, restaurants, shacks and pubs are affected adversely with power interruptions. Big establishments manage with generators, but that adds to pollution with diesel consumption. Above all, power interruptions affect homes. They rob people of sleep and rest and become an added factor to stress which is already there in the average person's life in considerable amount anyway. Food in the fridge gets spoilt. Earlier, the blame for power interruptions was put on snapping of overhead cables. But why are there interruptions in areas such as Panaji where underground power cables have been laid? Although power outages are not so terrible in the capital city Panaji, it is so in some or the other parts of the state. The state has not been able to replace the crumbling network of old poles, cables and insulators. Old power lines and equipment get knocked out at the slightest hit, be it lightning or heavy downpour. Unless they are replaced, the situation is unlikely to change.
Every government made a promise to provide people uninterrupted power supply. However, no government kept the promise. The chief electrical engineer accepts that interruptions would continue for another fortnight. However, their timeline might be upset with the onset of monsoon, because cables are overhead in several parts, and uprooting of trees and falling of branches would continue to plague the power supply. Though government has banned digging of roads, labourers working on road widening at Porvorim damaged the power cables. Why can't digging be supervised by officials of departments concerned so as to prevent such damage? Every government claimed to have made plans for underground cabling, saying that would be the end of the power interruptions. However, the plans seem to be going on very sluggishly, and no government has been able to set a timeline for completing it.
People often express their anger over power interruptions against power department engineers and employees but it is not fair to blame them for all the ills. Where there is dereliction of duty or delay in response, consumers have a right to complain. However, it is becoming common for irate consumers to gather outside the local engineer's office and even indulge in violent acts. People have to appreciate that the engineers and workers cannot deal with the problems that only the power department and the government can. The state government is now expected to receive Rs 1,700 crore for improvement of power supply and distribution system from the central government, half as grant, half as loan. Power Minister Pandurang Madkaikar has promised to rid the power distribution in the state of all its problems with that fund. The power department, they say, is going to upgrade the infrastructure, complete the underground cabling and replace the old equipment in the next three years. However, Madkaikar must explain in a transparent manner how the grant-cum-loan of merely Rs 1,700 crore would solve all the problems of power distribution in the state. Their predecessor Milind Naik had said underground cabling throughout the state alone might cost Rs 12,000 crore. This was the estimated cost for digging the ground, laying the cables and covering them with soil. If the underground cabling were to be done in concrete trenches, they said, the cost would be around Rs 25,000 crore. They even claimed they had got the Chief Minister's assurance to get central funds for the project. Obviously, Madkaikar cannot do statewide underground cabling with the money they are hoping to get. Perhaps with that kind of money they can end the festering problems of certain parts. The coastal belt in North Goa gets bad power owing to overloading. The Saligao and Candolim sub-stations cannot cope with the power demand in the two areas. The two sub-stations require new high voltage transformers for which a proposal has been pending. The government should also set up a separate sub-station at Calangute to cope with the load.
President Donald Trump, first lady Melania Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron pose for a photo in front of Mount Vernon, the home of President George Washington, in Mount Vernon, Va., Monday, April 23, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
JACKSON, Miss. (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump flew to Mississippi on Saturday to attend the opening of a civil rights museum, but their visit was marred by the absence of top African-American leaders who stayed away in protest of their policies and record on race relations.
Trump toured the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum and delivered brief remarks, paying tribute to African-Americans who fought institutionalized racism, including Medgar Evers, the civil rights activist who was murdered outside their home in Jackson in 1963.
“We want our country to be a place where every child from every background can grow up free from fear, innocent of hatred and surrounded by love, opportunity and hope,” Trump said in prepared remarks.
Referring to Evers and other civil rights leaders showcased in the museum, Trump said: “Today we strive to be worthy of their sacrifice. We pray for inspiration from their example.”
Trump acknowledged Evers' wife Myrlie and brother Charles in the audience.
U.S. Representative John Lewis of Georgia, a Democrat who marched with Martin Luther King Jr. in the 1960s, said on Thursday that they would not go to the museum opening because of Trump's presence.
“President Trump's attendance and their hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum,” Lewis said in a statement with Mississippi Democratic U.S. Representative Bennie Thompson, who also declined to attend.
U.S. President Donald Trump visits the Civil Rights Museum in Jackson, Mississippi, U.S., December 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The two men also cited Trump's “disparaging comments about women, the disabled, immigrants and National Football League players” and said the president had shown disrespect to those who fought for civil rights in Mississippi.
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People also took issue with Trump's attendance.
However, U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson, who is black and ran against Trump in the early 2016 Republican presidential primaries before dropping out, accompanied the president on their tour of the museum.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Trump, a Republican, has had a complicated record on race relations. They were a leading proponent of the false theory that Democratic President Barack Obama, the first black U.S. president, was not born in the United States. Obama was born in Hawaii, a U.S. state.
In August, Trump unleashed a firestorm of criticism, including from Republicans and a top adviser in their administration, for saying that both left- and right-wing protesters were at fault for violence at a white supremacist-led rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where one woman died.
White House spokesperson Raj Shah said on Friday ahead of the visit that the civil rights movement was about fighting intolerance, hatred and bigotry and that Trump intended to honor the leaders of that struggle.
The White House called the decision by Lewis and Thompson not to attend “unfortunate.”
Trump concluded their remarks by saying: “Today we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past and dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality justice and peace.”
SEATTLE (Reuters) - Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla Inc, has said little about how they plan to turn their prototype electric truck into reality.
But Reuters has learned that Tesla is collaborating with Anheuser-Busch, PepsiCo and United Parcel Service Inc to build on-site charging terminals at their facilities as part of the automaker's efforts to roll out the vehicle next year.
Details of the partnerships, which have not been disclosed previously, are still being hammered out, but include design and engineering from Tesla, the companies said. They declined to disclose what portion of the building costs, if any, Tesla would pay, or whether Tesla would be compensated for its work.
The firms are among nine major corporations that have placed pre-orders for Tesla's truck, dubbed the Semi.
With questions swirling over whether Tesla can make good on its aggressive timetable, news of the collaboration is a sign that corporate customers are taking the effort seriously, and that Tesla is working to solve one of the biggest impediments: keeping the big-rigs powered.
Companies that spoke with Reuters said the first step is to install charging equipment on their own premises. The Semis would be limited to routes that would get them back to home base before the batteries are spent, the firms said.
PepsiCo, which has reserved 100 Tesla trucks, said it may eventually explore sharing facilities and costs with other companies. The food conglomerate has held multiple meetings with Tesla to discuss the recharging effort, said PepsiCo executive Mike O‘Connell.
“We have a lot of in-house capability around energy and engineering ... and certainly Tesla brings their expertise to the table on energy and charging,” said O‘Connell, senior director of supply chain for Frito-Lay North America, PepsiCo's snack-food unit.
Separately, in a high-tech twist on the traditional truck stop, Tesla is moving ahead with plans for its own stations to sell electricity to truckers who pull up for a charge, according to customers and transportation industry executives who have discussed the matter with the Silicon Valley automaker.
Tesla already operates more than 1,100 “supercharger” stations globally for drivers of its passenger cars. Musk has spoken publicly of doing something similar for its heavy-duty trucks by installing a network of solar-powered “megachargers” that could juice up a Semi battery in 30 minutes.
But just how quickly Tesla could build a robust network of electric filling stations for commercial truckers is not clear. The company is already stretched thin and burning cash. Tesla has struggled to ramp up production of its new Model 3 sedan, which has been plagued by delays. Some analysts and trucking executives doubt that Tesla can deliver the Semi in 2019, much less a vast charging infrastructure to support it.
A Tesla spokesperson confirmed that the Fremont, California-based company is working closely with large customers to build Semi charging stations. They declined to comment further on the arrangements or Tesla's plans for its own truck-charging terminals.
Anheuser-Busch is evaluating installing its own charging equipment for its 40 Tesla Semis at large breweries and other key locations, according to James Sembrot, senior director of supply chain for the St. Louis-based beer maker.
“What was important to us was to make a big investment in this cutting-edge technology and secure our place in line,” Sembrot said.
UPS, too, expects to work closely with Tesla on building on-site charging stations, according to Scott Phillippi, global engineering director for the parcel delivery behemoth. The Atlanta-based company pre-ordered 125 Semis in December.
Grocery chain Loblaw Companies Ltd will likely use solar power to juice charging stations for the 25 Semis that it has pre-ordered from Tesla, according to spokesperson Catherine Thomas. They said Loblaw was considering Tesla as well as “a few other companies” for technology and design.
None of the companies would disclose cost estimates for building their own charging infrastructure.
FILE PHOTO: Tesla's new electric semi truck is unveiled during a presentation in Hawthorne, California, U.S., November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandria Sage/File Photo
U.S. transit agencies that operate electric buses provide some clues. A “fast charger” terminal serving six electric buses would cost $249,000, according to a 2016 report from the California Air Resources Board.
But analysts and automotive industry executives said the price tag for commercial truck facilities could easily reach into the millions of dollars, depending on factors such as the number of big-rigs to be recharged, the energy source for the electricity and existing energy infrastructure in a given area.
AUTOMAKER OR ENERGY SUPPLIER?
Tesla in November unveiled its prototype Semi with the aim of upending the trucking industry. At a splashy event in Hawthorne, California, Musk said the sleek, battery-powered cab could achieve up to 500 miles on a single charge, and be faster, cleaner and cheaper to operate than conventional diesels.
Base prices range from $150,000 to $200,000, according to Tesla's website, compared to $120,000 for a typical diesel. Companies including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Sysco Corp plunked down deposits, getting plenty of public relations mileage in the process.
But Tesla's most obvious potential customers - major U.S. trucking firms - have not jumped on board.
FILE PHOTO: Tesla's new electric semi truck is unveiled during a presentation in Hawthorne, California, U.S., November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandria Sage/File Photo
Werner Enterprises Inc, YRC Worldwide Inc, Daseke Inc and Old Dominion Freight Line are among the transport companies holding off pre-orders of the Tesla for now, citing doubts about the Semi's promised recharge time, range, price and payload capabilities.
Derek Leathers, chief executive of Werner, said they are not among the “naysayer crowd” that doubts Tesla's ability to produce a viable electric truck.
“I think it'll happen, I just think their timeline is extremely aggressive,” Leathers said.
Still, a dearth of publicly available charging infrastructure makes electrics impractical for long-haul trucking in the United States and elsewhere.
That is something Tesla's Musk has sought to address with their plans for solar-powered “megacharger” stations. But they have provided few specifics. At the November Semi unveiling, Musk said “we're guaranteeing” 7 cents per-kilowatt-hour price for electricity at the facilities.
That is at the low end of cost figures cited by the U.S. government. Solar power for commercial use costs 9-12 cents per kilowatt hour, or 6-8 cents with a federal subsidy, according to a 2017 report from the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
Customers and industry executives said Tesla intends to buy cheap excess solar power off the U.S. energy grid, store it in enormous battery banks, then profit from selling it to drivers of Semis.
But that strategy carries risks, experts said.
“It's a departure from being a vehicle manufacturer to being an energy supplier,” said Darren Gosbee, vice president of engineering at Navistar International Corp, which is working to launch an electric medium-duty truck by late 2019.
Ian Wright, a Tesla co-founder who now runs their own company making electric powertrains for industrial trucks, is sceptical that truck charging stations can be a big moneymaker for Tesla.
They estimated the capital costs for batteries alone would be $15 million for a single station.
“I am not seeing any profit in the energy brokering for Tesla,” said Wright, whose Wrightspeed powertrain venture is based in Alameda, California.
HONG KONG/SINGAPORE/TOKYO (Reuters) - Western banks are bulking up in Japan, attracted by record investment banking fees and expectations of a rise in dealmaking as cashed-up companies in the world's third-largest economy step up their hunt for overseas targets.
Banks including Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan Chase are among those looking to improve their share of a market dominated by local banks and a handful of entrenched internationals, including Morgan Stanley Goldman Sachs, and Citigroup.
While Tokyo used to be bankers' first stop in Asia, its attractions have paled over the past decade compared with its great rival China, which accounts for the biggest share of the Asia Pacific investment banking fee pool.
But interest is picking up again in the wake of blockbuster deals including Toshiba's $18 billion sale of its chip business to Bain Capital last year, SoftBank's mooted $18 billion float of its telecoms business, and Fujifilm Holdings' planned $6.1 billion takeover of Xerox Corp.
Bankers and headhunters estimate foreign investment banking headcount will rise as much as 15 percent this year in Japan.
“People have been somewhat caught by surprise by the level of strategic activity from Japanese companies over the past couple of years,” said Richard Gibb, Deutsche Bank's head of corporate finance in Asia Pacific.
Last year, Japanese investment banking fees - covering M&A, equity and debt markets deals, and loans - rose 51 percent to a record $5.5 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data.
“There will continue to be a restructuring of corporate Japan, and on the back of this there will likely be both substantial acquisitions and divestitures,” said Gibb.
Fees from Japanese work constitute the second-largest pool of investment banking revenues in Asia. While the $2.5 billion earned from M&A and equity deals last year may look small compared with $5.3 billion paid by Chinese companies, bankers say Japan is still one of the most lucrative markets.
“Compared to domestic deals, fee levels for outbound deals have been relatively high and will likely expand along with deal size,” said Koichiro Doi, head of Japan M&A at JPMorgan.
Fees for Japanese IPOs can reach 4 percent of the total raised versus at best an average of about 2 percent in Hong Kong. Japanese M&A deals can also offer fees of 2 percent - much higher than in China and Southeast Asia, according to bankers.
“A shrinking domestic market stemming from a declining population has created a sense of urgency to pursue outbound acquisitions to capture new markets, new products as well as access to innovation,” Doi said.
TEA CEREMONIES
FILE PHOTO: A man walks near a logo of Deutsche Bank AG in Tokyo July 16, 2014. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
Japan's investment banking fee ranking is dominated by local houses such as Mizuho, Nomura and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), but they have been losing market share to foreign rivals.
MUFG operates a joint venture with Morgan Stanley, allowing it to combine its sizeable domestic lending book with the Wall Street bank's global reach.
MUFG's share of investment banking fee pool dropped from 13.5 percent in 2008 to 8 percent last year, while Nomura saw a decline of five percentage points to 11 percent last year, the Thomson Reuters data showed.
The share of top five foreign banks in the total investment banking fee league table, meanwhile, has rise from 17 percent in 2008 to 19 percent last year, led by Morgan Stanley, Goldman and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
International banks are focusing on the rising number of cross-border deals and private equity transactions, both of which tend to offer more opportunity for foreign involvement.
“PE funds, particularly large global funds, have been quite active in the Japan market in recent years,” said Koichi Ito, Credit Suisse's head of Japan investment banking and capital markets. “They are now increasingly focused on not only buying companies but also on exiting their investments through a sale or IPO.”
Deutsche Bank recently hired a head of financial sponsors coverage in Japan and is looking to bring on board a new head for covering financial institutions - Japanese banks and insurers are particularly active overseas.
Tim Eustace, a headhunter at Next Step in Tokyo, said more senior hiring was going on.
“Some European banks are very interested in rebuilding their financial sponsor coverage area, and they would be looking to hire at the senior associate to junior director level.”
Banks are also encouraged by signs that traditional Japanese companies are now more willing to break with “keiretsu” networks - where groups of businesses share close ties including banks and advisers.
In a rare move, Takeda Pharmaceutical's $5.2 billion acquisition of U.S.-based Ariad Pharmaceuticals did not involve any Japanese bank on the advisory side. The work instead went to Evercore Partners, JPMorgan, Goldman, and Lazard.
Foreign banks also prize the ability to build relationships with Japanese clients.
“It's not easy to break into a Japanese company if you are a foreign entity, but once you have done that - after attending quite a few tea ceremonies - they are very loyal and they reward quality advice, which is not common in this region,” said the head of regional investment banking at an European bank.
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth, citing “widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns” at the bank. The Federal Reserve Board said in a statement that it “would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls. Concurrently with the Board's action, Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year. ”
The bank is barred from growing beyond its size at the end of 2017 until it has satisfied the Fed that it has improved its compliance and governance polices, the Fed said. The bank's board must submit a plan within 60 days outlining how it plans to address the Fed's concerns.
The Fed action follows sustained compliance issues at Wells Fargo, which has already paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines to various regulators for abusing retail customers.
Shares of Wells Fargo fell about 2 percent in light post-market trading. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder)
Louisville placed two assistant coaches on leave Friday, leaving the program with only acting head coach David Padgett to lead the Cardinals as practice for the 2017-18 season begins.
Associate head men's basketball coach Kenny Johnson and assistant coach Jordan Fair are on paid administrative leave as the university continues its investigation into NCAA violations involving paying a recruit.
Editor's Picks Report: Pitino took bulk of cash in Adidas deal Louisville coach Rick Pitino received 98 percent of the cash that Louisville took in from Adidas in the school's previous deal with the shoe company, the Courier-Journal reported Thursday.
The investigation has led to the suspensions and potential firings of head coach Rick Pitino and athletic director Tom Jurich.
"We are in the process of executing our due diligence as it relates to an ongoing investigation and feel that this [is] an appropriate step at this time," Louisville acting athletic director Vince Tyra said in a statement about the suspensions of Johnson and Fair. "Our university will continue to fully cooperate with federal authorities in their investigation."
Louisville and Pitino were linked nearly a week ago to an alleged scheme to pay $100,000 to the family of five-star recruit Brian Bowen Jr. in a deal arranged by Adidas executive Jim Gatto.
The Louisville Athletic Association voted unanimously approved a resolution Monday to begin the process to terminate Pitino with cause, and Louisville interim president Greg Postel said they are planning to learn more about the school's $160 million sponsorship extension with Adidas.
Roger Goodell entered the Hope Hose, New York, firehouse on a Sunday morning with a mini football and an NFL-logoed red shirt for Bill Duggan's 5-month-old grandson, Michael. Goodell's wife, Jane, brought chocolate chip cookies. The couple stayed for 45 minutes after surprising Duggan with four Super Bowl tickets.
That's how you deflate tension with a lifelong New England Patriots fan.
"He does take a lot of flak, but to me they can do no wrong," Duggan said of Goodell, whose appearance sparked multiple "holy s---" reactions from the longtime firefighter. "For what they did for me and my family in the firehouse on a Sunday morning, you can't expect anything more than that. In my book, he'll always be a great guy."
A league saddled with complex business decisions faces one of its easiest calls this time of year: play Santa Claus for dedicated fans and community pillars with surprise Super Bowl tickets.
The NFL recently transitioned from a 500-ticket lottery at $500 a piece to a stealth, viral-friendly giveaway. The league works with its 32 teams to identify the most compelling stories.
"It's surpassed our expectations. You see the power of our game to bring people together," said Peter O'Reilly, the NFL's senior vice president of events.
"Fire Chief Bill" Duggan is a 41-year firefighter with brain cancer whose story reached the league office after family and friends created a GoFundMe account.
Four LAPD officers coaching youth football in a high-crime community packed for Minnesota this week. The entire Phelps Falcons youth squad out of Minnesota got tickets from Goodell, with an assist from Vikings receiver Stefon Diggs.
All expenses paid, with two stipulations: pick up tickets at the stadium the day of the game, and no reselling.
Roger Goodell (@nflcommish) gave four Super Bowl tickets to Fire Chief Bill Duggan, a volunteer firefighter for over 40 years who was recently diagnosed with stage 4 brain cancer. It's always been Bill's dream to see the big game 🙌 pic.twitter.com/GVhXKzILhS — The Checkdown (@thecheckdown) December 11, 2017
Duggan is down to about 150 pounds, and though the Super Bowl falls between treatments, the freezing temperatures in Minneapolis pose issues.
Local fire departments extended transportation help to shorten Duggan's stadium walk. But friend Michael Chillemi isn't worried about the chief.
"He's been running into burning buildings their entire life," Chillemi said.
Chillemi and Rob Racanelli launched the GoFundMe "to give Bill a sense of meaning, something to look forward to" during a difficult time, Chillemi said.
The account quickly raised $12,000 -- and caught the attention of the NFL, which set up a surprise visit at the station.
Duggan, a Mount Kisco, New York, native, has seen the Patriots in person twice. They have spent decades working two jobs as a volunteer firefighter and a Verizon field technician, navigating poles and wires through harsh winters.
The work stops for what Duggan expects to be "the time of my life" in Minnesota.
"I'm shocked. I'm overwhelmed. I don't deserve it. I'm just a regular guy," said Duggan, 59. "After 41 years in the fire department doing it for others, they are doing it for me now. They've blown the doors open."
Duggan is expecting their Patriots to prevail, and then he'll wait for their grandson to fill out that shirt.
"I'm going to go fishing with him," Duggan said. "I'm going to play baseball, basketball, do everything with him. Take them to McDonald's. I'm going to win."
LAPD officers (from left to right) Grant Goosby, James Holliman, Zarren Thompson and Otis Swift, who also coach youth football in a high-crime community, were rewarded with Super Bowl tickets. Courtesy photo/James Holliman
The Watts Bears youth football program has expanded to 80-plus players. For many, simply getting to practice can be challenging.
"Basically every street you cross is entering into a gang area," LAPD officer James Holliman said.
Holliman and fellow officers involved with the program have spent significant hours guiding 8-to-13-year-old kids from South Central Los Angeles. The aim: keep them busy and safe with free football, which now includes track and field, summer tutors and incentives for improved grades.
Getting noticed by the NFL was validation.
Officers Holliman, Grant Goosby, Zarren Thompson and Otis Swift took a group of Bears to the Rams-Falcons playoff game. An official brought them down to the field and had someone for them to meet.
Roger Goodell (@nflcommish) gave away Super Bowl tickets to these LAPD officers, who are also youth football coaches who started the Watts Bears, a football program serving kids in one of the most gang affiliated neighborhoods in LA. 👏 pic.twitter.com/s0uXVqKvFw — The Checkdown (@thecheckdown) January 7, 2018
They had figured something was up when the liaison for the trip triple-checked they would show. Goodell awaited with four tickets.
"It shows we're doing something right," Holliman said. "It's blossomed into something much bigger than where we started, and to be recognized by the NFL shows people around the country know about our program. It's eye-opening."
The Californians weren't sure how they'd get around in Minnesota as of this week, but attending a Super Bowl might never happen again, Holliman said, so they plan to go everywhere.
What the tickets represent -- helping kids through sometimes difficult times -- weighs heavier than the game's outcome.
"You don't have to be rich or well-connected, you just have to want to help," Holliman said.
Charged with making Super Bowl LII run smoothly, O'Reilly has spent much of the past three weeks in Minnesota handling a sea of emails, calls and tasks.
The best part of their day might be replying to an email chain shared with communications vice president Natalie Ravitz and others about last-minute ticket giveaways for deserving fans.
One of the league's simplest ideas has become most rewarding for O'Reilly.
"It's the human moments that make it so special," O'Reilly said. "We've made a lot of people cry."
The NFL sought to bless community-minded fans who might never see a Super Bowl because of price challenges. It puts on free festivities around the game, but there's no replacement for a hard ticket, which goes for at least $3,000 on secondary markets.
The giveaway provides compelling human interest stories for the league. O'Reilly says Goodell is most comfortable in a casual setting talking football with fans.
"That's who they really are," O'Reilly said. "He embraced the program from the very beginning. They were very hands-on in identifying the right people."
Teams also have embraced the giveaway, O'Reilly said, in most cases covering all expenses for recipients they picked.
At least 500 more will get tickets next year.
"It's not a sweepstake," O'Reilly said. "It's about identifying incredible fans and those who are doing great things in their community."
GPU-accelerated analytics company SQream has won $26.4m in B-round funding with lead investor Chinese multinational Alibaba tossing in cash following its cloud collaboration deal earlier this year.
SQream provides a data warehouse DBMS that has repetitive low-level code running on Nvidia GPUs to speed up analytics.
The February deal it inked with Chinese giant Alibaba meant its customers can access SQream to set up, access and analyse data in Alibaba's cloud.
Data comes into SQream from primary databases, such as Oracle and SQL Server, using existing ETL tools. Newer stream tools can be used as well.
Supported hardware includes any servers with Nvidia Tesla, V100, P100 and K80 GPUs. Dell, HPE and IBM Power servers running Linux are in use by SQream customers. They use storage systems from DDN, Dell EMC, IBM, NetApp and X-IO, as well as software-defined storage.
How about E8 and Excelero and their NVMe-oF storage? CEO and co-founder Ami Gal wasn't able to comment on either. Twinning their fast access arrays with SQream's database would seem a natural fit.
SQream has direct sales in North America and is looking for partnerships elsewhere. It already has deals with ACL Mobile in India and AIS in Thailand. Gal said: "We didn't think we would have so many successes in Asia.
"We definitely wanted to hit China... We'll move to other markets as Alibaba is aggressive and wants to expand."
Other data warehousers and analytics database suppliers may be asking their engineers and tech architects to look at getting some brute force GPU grunt too. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Illinois State graduate transfer MiKyle McIntosh confirmed via Twitter on Wednesday that they will play at Oregon.
The 6-foot-7, 235-pound Canadian native averaged 12.5 points and 5.6 rebounds per game this past season for the Redbirds.
"I chose Oregon because I felt they were the best option for what I was looking for," McIntosh told ESPN. "They play a free-flowing offense where versatility is showcased. Also, their track record speaks for itself in their success the last few years."
The Ducks went to the Final Four last season, but coach Dana Altman lost the majority of their core players to the NBA draft. Dillon Brooks, Tyler Dorsey and Jordan Bell all left early, while Chris Boucher graduated.
McIntosh, who earned second-team All-Missouri Valley Conference honors last season and also considered Oklahoma, will be able to play immediately.
MADRID — Andres Iniesta has become the first player to sign a lifetime contract with Barcelona, a deal which will keep them playing for the club for as long as they remain fit.
The club said Friday that Iniesta's contract was extended "for life," securing the Spain midfielder through the "remainder of their career" but not putting a timetable on their retirement.
The club also did not say what will be Iniesta's role after they stop playing.
"I'll be here while my body and my mind can keep performing," the 33-year-old Iniesta said. "And I hope that it will be for a long time. At the end of the season we will evaluate everything together and see what is best for everyone."
Iniesta signed the new contract at the team's Camp Nou Stadium and was given a team shirt with the words "Iniesta forever."
Their current contract was valid until the end of this season. In the last couple of seasons they did not play as much as in past years, often being rested for the most important matches.
"I'll be the first to say something if I feel that I don't have the same strength and the same importance as I had before," they said. "Then we can change things, and it will be fine."
There had been widespread speculation about Iniesta's future, with the player saying they wanted to stay with Barcelona but had also been evaluating other possibilities. Spanish media had reported that Iniesta was not pleased that the team took too long to start negotiations for their new deal.
"I need to thank the club for having the confidence to give me this type of contract," Iniesta said. "It shows that they have confidence in me as a person as well, that's very important. There couldn't be a better place for me. This is my home."
Iniesta has played 639 matches for the club since making their debut with the first team in October 2002. They have scored 55 goals since then.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States for the first time in years is sending its diplomat responsible for foreign military sales to the Singapore Airshow to promote U.S.-made weapons, a U.S. official said on Thursday, as the State Department prepares for an overseas arms sales push.
The attendance of Ambassador Tina Kaidanow at the Feb. 6-10 air show, the most important in the Asia Pacific region, is aimed at boosting sales for U.S. arms manufacturers such as F-35 jets made by Lockheed Martin Corp and missile manufactured by Raytheon Co.
President Donald Trump's administration is nearing completion of a new “Buy American” initiative that calls for U.S. military attaches and diplomats to play a much bigger role in the sale of billions of dollars more in business overseas.
“We will be working at strengthening our advocacy at every level of the embassy, from your commercial officer, up through your ambassador,” the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity told reporters on Thursday.
Singapore could be seen as the test case for the Trump administration's new strategy of having the Pentagon and the U.S. State Department take a more active role in securing foreign arms deals, which require State Department approval.
For the first time since at least 2009, the U.S. delegation at the air show will include the top State Department official overseeing arms sales. Kaidanow holds that role with the title principal deputy assistant secretary in the Bureau of Political-Military Affairs.
The U.S. exported $49.5 billion of aerospace and defence products to Asia-Pacific in 2016, compared to European demand of $49.8 billion, according to U.S. Department of Commerce data.
The official said of the “Buy America” initiative, “I would expect with all of the energy the U.S. government is putting behind this, as well as all of the energy the companies are putting behind this, that I would hope to see very good numbers” for foreign military sales.
The State Department said in a statement that Kaidanow “will hold consultations on defence trade issues and promote more than 150 U.S. companies and trade organizations exhibiting the latest aerospace technologies.”
Demand for U.S.-made arms is high and foreign military sales in fiscal 2017, comprising the final months of Obama's term and much of Trump's first year in office, climbed to $42 billion, compared to $31 billion in the prior year, according to the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency.
Remy Nathan, vice president for international affairs at the Aerospace Industries Association aid, “The Asia-Pacific region was our industry's largest regional export destination for several years before Europe overtook it in 2016.”
An ex Niger Delta militant leader, Pastor Reuben Wilson, popularly known in the creeks as General Reuben has denied link with the travails and prosecution of Edmund Ebiware, a suspected bomber of October 1, 2012 Independence Day bombing.
Reuben described as a "wicked blackmail and misplaced fact the claims by some sympathisers and relations of the detained suspected bomber that they were involved in their travails and detention by the Federal Government.
The ex militant leader, who broke their silence on the matter in a statement issued in Yenagoa on Friday, said they had read many frivolous and false and claims against them on the social media by the detained Ebiware and their followers to deliberately shift blame on their (suspect 's ) travails.
Wilson, who is also a peace advocate working with the Federal Government through the Presidential Amnesty Office, said the decision to speak out and warn those behind their character assassination was for them to prevail on Ebiware to tell them the truth about what led to their arrest and not shift blame.
They stated,“I decided to keep silent on the matter because the case of their arrest is in court. Their followers, who are blinded to facts, should understand that the case is in court and if they are innocent, God will ensure they regain their freedom.
"It is wicked that they should hold another person responsible for what happened. If I was arrested and I know that am innocent, what stops me from gathering the legal proofs to gain my freedom? I was not involved in their arrest and the blackmail against me cannot ensure their freedom"
It will be recalled that the detained Ebiware, also known as Don Capelo was arrested under the administration of former President Goodluck Jonathan for their alleged involvement in the October 1, 2012 car bombing alongside the Okah brothers .
Ebiware was convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment by a Federal High Court sitting in Abuja and presided over by Justice Gabriel Kolawole with effect from October 3, 2010.
The trial judge, Justice Gabriel Kolawole sentenced Ebiware after they were found guilty on the entire three counts preferred against them by the Federal Government .
Many of their supporters and those advocating their release from prison have described their trial and conviction as “politically motivated.
They accused some Bayelsa's politicians and former Niger Delta militant leaders, including Wilson of being behind their travails.
1st Period
1st Period 20:00 -1 End of 1st period
1st Period 19:45 -1 Takeaway by Matt Niskanen in neutral zone
1st Period 19:33 -1 Evgeny Kuznetsov won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 19:33 -1 Stoppage - Offside
1st Period 19:22 -1 Brooks Orpik credited with hit on Zach Hyman in defensive zone
1st Period 18:56 -1 Lars Eller credited with hit on Tyler Bozak in defensive zone
1st Period 18:51 -1 Shot missed by Mitch Marner
1st Period 18:41 -1 Tyler Bozak won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 18:41 -1 Stoppage - Icing
1st Period 18:31 -1 Lars Eller won faceoff in offensive zone
1st Period 18:31 -1 Stoppage - Puck in Netting
1st Period 18:31 -1 Dmitry Orlov shot blocked by Connor Brown
1st Period 18:17 -1 Nikita Zaitsev credited with hit on Matt Niskanen in defensive zone
1st Period 18:14 -1 Shot on goal by Nicklas Backstrom saved by Frederik Andersen
1st Period 18:09 -1 Nazem Kadri credited with hit on Matt Niskanen in defensive zone
1st Period 18:05 -1 Shot on goal by Matt Niskanen saved by Frederik Andersen
1st Period 18:02 -1 Takeaway by T.J. Oshie in offensive zone
1st Period 17:54 -1 Shot missed by Nicklas Backstrom
1st Period 17:29 -1 Tyler Bozak won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 17:29 -1 Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
1st Period 17:29 -1 Shot on goal by Dmitry Orlov saved by Frederik Andersen
1st Period 16:58 -1 Matt Martin credited with hit on Kevin Shattenkirk in offensive zone
1st Period 16:43 -1 Giveaway by Brian Boyle in offensive zone
1st Period 16:16 -1 Jay Beagle won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 16:16 -1 Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
1st Period 16:07 -1 Alex Ovechkin credited with hit on Nazem Kadri in neutral zone
1st Period 15:57 -1 Nazem Kadri won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 15:57 -1 Stoppage - Offside
1st Period 15:49 -1 Nicklas Backstrom won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 15:48 -1 Stoppage - Offside
1st Period 15:39 -1 Zach Hyman credited with hit on Matt Niskanen in offensive zone
1st Period 15:27 -1 Auston Matthews won faceoff in offensive zone
1st Period 15:27 -1 Stoppage - Icing
1st Period 15:22 -1 Shot on goal by Tyler Bozak saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 15:21 -1 Shot on goal by Tyler Bozak saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 15:10 -1 Giveaway by Frederik Andersen in defensive zone
1st Period 14:54 -1 Giveaway by Matt Niskanen in defensive zone
1st Period 14:47 -1 Lars Eller won faceoff in offensive zone
1st Period 14:47 -1 Stoppage - Puck in Netting - TV timeout
1st Period 14:47 -1 John Carlson shot blocked by Martin Marincin
1st Period 14:25 -1 Takeaway by Nate Schmidt in defensive zone
1st Period 14:07 -1 Shot on goal by Auston Matthews saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 14:08 -1 Evgeny Kuznetsov won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 14:08 -1 Goal scored by Auston Matthews assisted by Morgan Rielly
1st Period 14:07 -1 Auston Matthews shot blocked by John Carlson
1st Period 13:59 -1 Nazem Kadri credited with hit on Kevin Shattenkirk in neutral zone
1st Period 13:52 -1 Giveaway by T.J. Oshie in offensive zone
1st Period 13:45 -1 Shot on goal by Connor Brown saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 13:39 -1 Alex Ovechkin credited with hit on Leo Komarov in offensive zone
1st Period 13:30 -1 Nazem Kadri credited with hit on Brooks Orpik in offensive zone
1st Period 12:50 -1 Mitch Marner credited with hit on Dmitry Orlov in offensive zone
1st Period 12:27 -1 Tyler Bozak won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 12:27 -1 Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
1st Period 12:24 -1 Giveaway by Kasperi Kapanen in neutral zone
1st Period 12:12 -1 Connor Carrick credited with hit on Daniel Winnik in defensive zone
1st Period 11:55 -1 Jay Beagle won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 11:55 -1 Stoppage - Offside - TV timeout
1st Period 11:48 -1 Shot on goal by Tom Wilson saved by Frederik Andersen
1st Period 11:47 -1 Giveaway by Frederik Andersen in defensive zone
1st Period 11:24 -1 Evgeny Kuznetsov won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 11:24 -1 Stoppage - Icing
1st Period 11:03 -1 William Nylander shot blocked by Kevin Shattenkirk
1st Period 10:40 -1 T.J. Oshie credited with hit on Nazem Kadri in defensive zone
1st Period 10:33 -1 Leo Komarov credited with hit on Nicklas Backstrom in offensive zone
1st Period 10:26 -1 Brooks Orpik credited with hit on Nazem Kadri in defensive zone
1st Period 10:10 -1 Shot on goal by T.J. Oshie saved by Frederik Andersen
1st Period 9:56 -1 Lars Eller credited with hit on Connor Brown in neutral zone
1st Period 9:39 -1 Shot missed by Nate Schmidt
1st Period 9:30 -1 Lars Eller credited with hit on Kasperi Kapanen in neutral zone
1st Period 9:06 -1 Brett Connolly credited with hit on Connor Carrick in offensive zone
1st Period 8:50 -1 Matt Niskanen shot blocked by Martin Marincin
1st Period 8:37 -1 Takeaway by Tom Wilson in offensive zone
1st Period 8:34 -1 Dmitry Orlov shot blocked by Connor Carrick
1st Period 8:12 -1 Tyler Bozak won faceoff in offensive zone
1st Period 8:12 -1 Shot on goal by Morgan Rielly saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 8:12 -1 Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
1st Period 8:04 -1 Auston Matthews won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 8:04 -1 Stoppage - Icing
1st Period 7:58 -1 Auston Matthews won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 7:58 -1 Stoppage - Puck in Crowd - TV timeout
1st Period 7:30 -1 Leo Komarov shot blocked by Kevin Shattenkirk
1st Period 7:18 -1 Morgan Rielly shot blocked by Alex Ovechkin
1st Period 6:49 -1 Matt Martin credited with hit on Tom Wilson in offensive zone
1st Period 6:20 -1 Tom Wilson credited with hit on Matt Martin in defensive zone
1st Period 5:55 -1 William Nylander shot blocked by Nate Schmidt
1st Period 5:53 -1 Takeaway by William Nylander in neutral zone
1st Period 5:35 -1 James van Riemsdyk credited with hit on Brett Connolly in offensive zone
1st Period 5:27 -1 Brooks Orpik credited with hit on James van Riemsdyk in defensive zone
1st Period 5:16 -1 Kevin Shattenkirk shot blocked by Morgan Rielly
1st Period 4:49 -1 Evgeny Kuznetsov won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 4:49 -1 Goal scored by Alex Ovechkin assisted by Nicklas Backstrom and T.J. Oshie
1st Period 4:41 -1 Alex Ovechkin credited with hit on Jake Gardiner in offensive zone
1st Period 4:08 -1 Shot on goal by Matt Martin saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 4:07 -1 Giveaway by Braden Holtby in defensive zone
1st Period 3:51 -1 Brian Boyle won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 3:51 -1 Stoppage - Offside
1st Period 3:49 -1 Morgan Rielly credited with hit on Daniel Winnik in neutral zone
1st Period 3:41 -1 Connor Carrick shot blocked by Daniel Winnik
1st Period 3:35 -1 Brian Boyle won faceoff in offensive zone
1st Period 3:35 -1 Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
1st Period 3:35 -1 Shot on goal by Connor Carrick saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 3:08 -1 Shot on goal by Matt Hunwick saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 3:03 -1 Shot missed by Nazem Kadri
1st Period 2:56 -1 Giveaway by Kevin Shattenkirk in defensive zone
1st Period 2:43 -1 Nazem Kadri won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 2:43 -1 Goal scored by Nicklas Backstrom assisted by Nate Schmidt and T.J. Oshie
1st Period 2:26 -1 Takeaway by Jake Gardiner in defensive zone
1st Period 2:10 -1 Nicklas Backstrom won faceoff in defensive zone
1st Period 2:10 -1 Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
1st Period 2:09 -1 Shot on goal by Tyler Bozak saved by Braden Holtby
1st Period 1:51 -1 Shot missed by Matt Niskanen
1st Period 1:33 -1 Lars Eller won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 1:33 -1 Penalty to Morgan Rielly 2 minutes for Unsportsmanlike conduct Justin Williams
1st Period 1:33 -1 Penalty to Justin Williams 2 minutes for Holding Morgan Rielly
1st Period 1:16 -1 Zach Hyman shot blocked by Nate Schmidt
1st Period 1:12 -1 Auston Matthews shot blocked by Evgeny Kuznetsov
1st Period 1:04 -1 Nate Schmidt credited with hit on Zach Hyman in defensive zone
1st Period 0:54 -1 Matt Hunwick credited with hit on Evgeny Kuznetsov in defensive zone
1st Period 0:24 -1 Nicklas Backstrom credited with hit on Connor Brown in offensive zone
1st Period 0:15 -1 Nicklas Backstrom won faceoff in neutral zone
1st Period 0:15 -1 Stoppage - Offside
1st Period 0:08 -1 Takeaway by Leo Komarov in neutral zone
1st Period 0:00 -1 Nicklas Backstrom won faceoff in neutral zone
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," they tell NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz. And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, they were our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to their death. Gunned down Friday as they pulled up in front of a supermarket, they became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. They came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years their work became increasingly important. Their home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, they run up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells their audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column they wrote for Colectivo Pericu, they cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. Their bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene they would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for their work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in their home state since 2010. They began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after their predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in their home. One of their best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for their safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," they say. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," they say. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In the last six weeks, four reporters have been murdered in Mexico. The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez. They were gunned down in their car on Friday afternoon in La Paz, near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. As James Fredrick reports, Mexico continues to be one of the world's deadliest places to report the news.
JAMES FREDRICK, BYLINE: At 73 years old, Max Rodriguez wasn't the kind of person you'd expect to be on the police beat. But they couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu, the blog where Max worked. I catch them on their cell as he's driving to a memorial for Max.
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "It was totally by chance," they said. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz. And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, they were our crime reporter." After decades as a reporter and government spokesperson, Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime. They didn't know at the time how important the work would become.
Murders have recently spiked in their state as a feud broke out between drug cartels. January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever. A week before their death, Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: He's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison. A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer. But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "Our outlet promotes freedom of expression," says Morgan. "Our comments sections are open, so it's become routine for us to receive threats there." Last week, Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind. There are five comments on the story. One ominously reads you're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max.
Three days later, Rodriguez were shot to death as they pulled up in front of a supermarket. It was the exact kind of crime they would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before, meaning they were likely targeted for their work. Max's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico. Three others were murdered in March alone.
NOE ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone. Their predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in their home. And a photojournalist they often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "We journalists face real threats," says Zavaleta. "Organized crime, that's obvious. Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices. And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims." Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta's reaction to another death.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "When I hear of another murder, I just think who's next? It sounds crude to say but it's the way I have to think about it now." Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico, the most important stories often can't be covered. Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in their state want to get off the crime beat after Max's murder.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "My wife and I are reflecting on what to do," they say, "but right now, we don't plan to stop reporting this type of news." For NPR News, I'm James Fredrick in Mexico City.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's request for EU countries to join the U.S. in recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital has been rejected by EU foreign ministers on Monday in Brussels. Netanyahu had earlier asked the EU to ask allies to join the U.S. in Jerusalem move, but was met by a firm rebuff from EU foreign ministers who saw the move as a blow against the peace process.
Making their first ever visit to EU headquarters in Brussels, Netanyahu said President Donald Trump's move made peace in the Middle East possible because recognising reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace.”After a breakfast meeting between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers, Sweden's top diplomat said no European at the closed-door meeting had voiced support for Trump's decision, and no country was likely to follow the U.S. in announcing plans to move its embassy.
"I have a hard time seeing that any other country would do that and I don't think any other EU country will do it,” Margot Wallstrom said. Several EU foreign ministers arriving at the meeting reiterated the bloc's position that lands Israel has occupied since the 1967 war, including East Jerusalem as well as the West Bank and Golan Heights, are not within Israel's borders.
A newly developed vaccine for glioblastoma shows 'remarkable' promise, according to preliminary results from a study of the treatment. Patients with the disease typically die within 2 years. Some in the trial have now lived as long as 7 years. Evan Vucci AP
NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) — A pub owner outside of Columbus says they can't understand why someone put racist fliers on vehicles at an apartment complex saying black people aren't welcome at their establishment.
WCMH-TV the fliers placed on windshields concerning Average Joe's Pub in New Albany included a racial slur.
Average Joe's co-owner Paul Rockwell says the fliers have created distress for them and their staff as they answer calls from people who have read Facebook posts about the racist message.
Rockwell says he's sorry it happened and that Average Joe's opens its doors to everyone. They say “we're not going to allow hate to be spread in our name.”
Comments
comments
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dolphin Entertainment Inc:
* DOLPHIN ENTERTAINMENT INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $30 MILLION - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2nxsqEh Further company coverage:
(Reuters) - McDonald's Corp (MCD.N) said on Monday it had agreed to settle a U.S. labour board case on whether the company is accountable for its franchisees' alleged labour law violations.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of a McDonald's Corp restaurant is seen in Los Angeles, California, U.S. October 24, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
The settlement, which must be approved by a National Labor Relations Board judge, would allow McDonald's to avoid a ruling that it is a “joint employer” of workers at McDonald's franchises and can be held liable when franchisees violate federal labour law.
McDonald's, which did not admit to any wrongdoing in the settlement, said in a statement that it was pleased to resolve the claims.
“While the settlement is not yet final, we believe this is a major first step in ending this wasteful multi-year litigation,” the company said.
The exact terms of the settlement were not immediately clear.
Business groups had said that a ruling against McDonald's could upend the franchising model by making franchisers more vulnerable to lawsuits and requiring them to bargain with unions representing franchise workers.
Illinois-based McDonald's and the office of NLRB General Counsel Peter Robb presented the settlement to an administrative judge at a hearing in New York.
Union-backed worker advocacy group Fight for $15 filed dozens of legal claims on behalf of McDonald's workers beginning in 2012. The group said workers across the United States were fired for taking part in protests calling for higher wages.
The judge had agreed in January to pause the trial against McDonald's that began in 2015 so that Robb, an appointee of President Donald Trump, could pursue settlement talks with the company.
Fight for $15 lawyer Micah Wissinger said the group would object to the proposed settlement.
“In a real settlement, McDonald's would take responsibility for illegally firing and harassing workers fighting to get off food stamps and out of poverty,” they said.
The case was seen as an important test of how a 2015 NLRB decision that had rankled business groups by making it easier to prove that a company is a joint employer would apply to franchisees.
In December, a new Republican majority on the board overturned the 2015 decision and said only companies with direct control over workers may be considered joint employers.
Last month, the board said its December ruling was invalid because NLRB member William Emanuel, a Trump appointee, had a conflict of interest. Emanuel's former law firm represented a staffing agency involved in the 2015 NLRB case.
CHICAGO -- The Chicago White Sox have placed outfielder Avisail Garcia on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right hamstring.
Garcia was hurt Monday night while running out a grounder in the second inning of a 10-4 victory over Seattle. They attempted to pull up a few steps short of first base then fell. They were assisted off the field and left the game.
White Sox manager Rick Renteria says the injury is considered "mild to moderate" and will be reassessed in a few days.
Garcia was an All-Star a year ago but is off to a sluggish start, hitting .233 with one homer and four RBIs in 18 games.
To take their roster spot, the White Sox called up outfielder Daniel Palka from Triple-A Charlotte. He's hitting .286 with seven RBIs in 17 games.
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo, Italy, Feb. 13, 2017. The MGB is a deck type, two girder bridge system, providing a 4 meter (13ft 2in) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support. The 173rd Airborne Brigade, based in Vicenza, Italy, is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe, capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European, Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility.
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID: 3166697 VIRIN: 170213-A-KP807-315 Resolution: 2500x1668 Size: 596.99 KB Location: TRECENTA, IT Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Medium Girder Bridge, 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion,Rovigo 2017 [Image 1 of 11], by Graigg Faggionato, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Clorox Co:
* CLOROX REPORTS Q2 FISCAL YEAR 2018 RESULTS; RAISES EPS OUTLOOK FOR TAX REFORM
* SEES FY 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE $6.17 TO $6.37 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.77 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* EPS RESULTS REFLECT A BENEFIT OF 61 CENTS IN Q2 AS A RESULT OF U.S. CORPORATE TAX REFORM
* ON TRACK TO ACHIEVE SALES OUTLOOK FOR YEAR
* QTRLY NET SALES $1,416 MILLION VERSUS $1,406 MILLION LAST YEAR
* CONTINUES TO ANTICIPATE 2018 SALES GROWTH IN THE RANGE OF 1 PERCENT TO 3 PERCENT
* IN Q2, COMPANY RECORDED A PROVISIONAL ESTIMATE OF $81 MILLION IN TAX BENEFITS
* GROSS MARGIN IS NOW EXPECTED TO DECREASE MODESTLY FOR YEAR
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.23, REVENUE VIEW $1.43 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $5.68 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* 2018 EPS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS GUIDANCE INCLUDES BENEFIT ESTIMATED TO BE 70 CENTS TO 75 CENTS FROM TAX REFORM
* CONTINUES TO ANTICIPATE SALES GROWTH IN RANGE OF 1 PERCENT TO 3 PERCENT FOR YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man from Peterborough has been jailed for five years at Peterborough Crown Court after pleading guilty to sexual offences against two teenage girls.
John Christopher Fraser, 47, of Standish Court, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to seven charges against their victims. The abuse took place in Peterborough in the early 2000s.
They pleaded guilty to:
* Two counts of gross indecency with a girl under 16 years of age
* Two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity
* Causing a child to watch or look at an image of sexual activity
* Two counts of taking an indecent photograph of a child.
The offences came to light when one of the victims found the courage to come forward to report them to the police in November 2015. Fraser encouraged their victim to take off their clothes before photographing them
Detective Constable Nat Hebdon said: “It took a great deal of bravery for the victim to come forward and for the second victim to speak out about the abuse. The sentence given by the court reflects the seriousness of the crimes committed by Fraser.
“We take all reports of sexual abuse incredibly seriously and I would urge anyone who has experienced such abuse to come forward so we can help them to get justice.”
An NSPCC spokesperson said: “Fraser is a sexual predator whose catalogue of depraved crimes only came to light thanks to the courage of their victims.
“His vile abuse will have had a lasting effect on two teenage girls, but Fraser must get treatment while locked up to ensure they are not a threat to children ever again.
“It is vital that all survivors of abuse know they will be listened to when they come forward and are given appropriate support no matter how much time has passed.
“The NSPCC's helpline is available for anyone to call on 0808 800 1111. Children can call Childline on 0800 1111.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bayern Munich legend Stefan Effenberg has picked out Real Madrid's key man ahead of their crunch Champions League semi-final clash.
The Bundesliga champions host the European Cup holders in the first leg at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night in a repeat of last year's quarter-final.
Despite scoring five goals in two legs against Munich last season, Effenberg didn't single out Cristiano Ronaldo for praise, and instead claimed Zinedine Zidane's key man is in the heart of the defence.
"Cristiano is an important player, but the key player is Sergio Ramos," the 49-year-old told AS .
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP)
"I did not want to play against him. I do not lie when I say that Madrid would not have won so many titles without Ramos.
"The same applies to (Toni) Kroos. Their commitment has helped Madrid make the final step towards the world elite."
(Image: AFP)
The former Munich hitman was asked about current one Robert Lewandowski who has been linked with a move to Madrid, and they can understand why teams are in for him.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I can understand why some English teams are after them as well," they added. "If Robert says they want to leave, the club will have to open the door for him.
"He absolutely wants to win the Champions League, but they have all the conditions for Bayern."
TOKYO—Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday that Japan's government is drawing up contingency plans in case a crisis on the Korean Peninsula sends an influx of refugees to Japan.
Abe told a parliamentary session that the government is formulating measures including protecting foreigners, landing procedures, building and operating shelters, and screening asylum seekers.
Abe's disclosure came in response to a question that had been occasionally asked in the past, but is now more relevant than ever as North Korea's missile capability advances rapidly and tension with the U.S. rises.
The government has been working on evacuation plans for about 60,000 Japanese from South Korea in case of a crisis.
Abe is set to discuss North Korea on Tuesday with U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence.
NEHM, Yemen/DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have pumped billions of dollars into fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, but the Gulf states' three-year campaign risks being derailed after their local allies turned on each other this week.
It was a serious setback for the Saudi-led coalition whose thousands of air strikes have so far failed to deliver victory over seasoned Houthi fighters aligned with Iran.
Riyadh and its allies see victory in Yemen, where they are backed by U.S. weapons and intelligence, as vital if they are to counter Iran's growing influence in the Middle East, a priority for Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
But coalition prospects have been dimmed by an armed uprising this week by fighters in southern Yemen, who have been backed the United Arab Emirates (UAE), against government forces until now on the same side.
This comes at a time when the coalition war effort has already been running into trouble. Late last year, the coalition moved quickly to support former president Ali Abdullah Saleh when they seemed to be about to end their backing for the Houthis, but they were killed by the Houthis.
Since then, there has been no sign of a new strategy to end the war in Yemen and Saudi efforts to confront Iran in other theatres including Syria appear to be losing momentum.
The Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa appears within the grasp of pro-coalition Yemenis, who retook territory from the Houthis after they suffered their own internal struggles late last year.
But the coalition still faces formidable obstacles. From the Nehm front line 40 km (25 miles) east of Sanaa, the lights of the city are visible at night. The mountains in between are however full of snipers and landmines.
“The geography takes time (to overcome). It is hard to get supplies in and evacuations take too long,” said Major General Nasr Dhibany of the Yemeni army on a recent tour of the area.
The uprising by UAE-backed southern Yemeni separatists against forces loyal to the Saudi-based and internationally recognised government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi could further complicate efforts to dislodge the Houthis from Sanaa.
Experts say Saudi Arabia and the UAE will need to think again if strains persist between their local allies.
“Many key powers had thought it could somehow just shelve the political grievances among its allies, focus on the fight against the Houthis and everything would work itself out,” said Adam Baron of the European Council on Foreign Relations.
“This shows the folly of that thinking. Without a large-scale political solution, Yemen's conflict will always develop new tentacles.”
With U.N.-mediated peace talks stalled for over a year, both the Houthis and the coalition-backed government are still hoping to win by force, even as their local alliances unravel.
OUR NECKS
A southern Yemeni separatist fighter checks cars at a checkpoint in the city of Aden, Yemen February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Fawaz Salman
The southern separatists want to restore the independent state of South Yemen, which united with North Yemen in 1990.
They have fought alongside President Hadi's forces, but rose up this week and seized control of the southern port of Aden after Hadi refused to sack their prime minister, whom the separatists accuse of mismanagement and corruption.
While the UAE says it continues to support the government and the mission of defeating the Houthis, some southern leaders are based in Abu Dhabi and their troops have been armed and funded by the UAE.
The UAE and Saudi Arabia have presented their cultivation of different factions on the anti-Houthi side as a division of labour aimed at the same goal, but the contradictions of the policy have now become clear.
Prime Minister Ahmed bin Daghr remains holed up in a fortified palace in Aden. Though Saudi and UAE troops protect him, armed southerners are posted near the gates in a reminder of the new realities on the ground.
A government source in the palace accused the UAE of backing the uprising to assert its supremacy in the South, saying the southern secessionists were “just a foreign tool like the Houthis”.
“Our necks are in the hands of the UAE,” the source told Reuters by phone, declining to be identified.
UAE officials could not be reached for comment, but Foreign Affairs Minister Anwar Gargash on Twitter described the UAE stance as “clear and principled in its support for the Arab coalition led by Saudi Arabia”, adding: “No solace for those seeking sedition.”
A coalition statement on Thursday said Saudi Arabia and the UAE remained united in seeking a solution that would “preserve the Yemeni state”, and spokesperson Colonel Turki al-Maliki told Reuters the coalition was monitoring the situation.
“The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its Coalition partners have come together to relieve humanitarian suffering in Yemen,” they added in a written statement.
Some pro-government forces withdrew from southern battlefronts, where they had been facing the Houthis, and returned to Aden to help fight the separatists.
“It's obvious that Hadi and Saudi Arabia are trying to reduce the UAE's influence over the South,” a senior southern secessionist official told Reuters.
Houthi fighters meanwhile face discord within their own ranks and have lost some territory to government forces. Yemeni officials said the rebels were forcibly conscripting fighters and recruiting child soldiers.“From interrogations with (Houthi) captives we see that their morale has collapsed,” said General Dhibany.
But it is not clears that the coalition can push the Houthis out of Sanaa. The main front line east of the city has moved only 80 km (50 miles) in about two years and the rocky terrain leaves government troops exposed.
In one day last week, at least 10 Yemeni soldiers were killed at the Nehm area, officials said.
WWE News: Ric Flair's representative asks fans to pray for the health of the WWE Hall of Famer
The WWE Hall of Famer is dealing with some medical issues.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran News 14 Aug 2017, 12:29 IST
Ric Flair is dealing with some health issues
What's the story?
Legacy Talent LLC CEO Melinda Morris Zanoni, who represents WWE legend Ric Flair, has asked fans for prayers as Flair is struggling with their health condition. Melinda tweeted out the same and revealed that the Hall of Famer is dealing with “some tough medical issues”. You can see their tweet below:
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues???????? — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
The management company posted a similar message on Facebook:
In case you did not know...
Earlier, Pro Wrestling Sheet had reported that Ric Flair was admitted to the ICU on Saturday due to heart-related issues. This report, however, was shot down by the Nature Boy's management which released a statement. The statement mentioned that Flair was in the hospital for routine monitoring.
Yes,Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style! — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 13, 2017
Later, Melinda posted on Twitter that there is no reason to panic and published the ‘routine monitoring' statement.
The heart of the matter
The latest tweet from Melinda reveals that Ric Flair is dealing with some tough medical conditions. Though this is conflicting their last tweet about Flair, Melinda has asked for ‘positive energy' and ‘prayers' from the fans.
The fans have already started expressing their support to the legend with some heart-warming tweets.
What's next?
The exact health condition of Flair is likely to remain as a mystery for the time being. The management earlier revealed that they are not willing to answer any personal questions and this is unlikely to change.
The only source of information for the fans right now is Flair's management team and their Facebook and Twitter pages have been putting out updates as well.
Author's Take
Conflicting information regarding the health of Flair had left fans confused earlier. But the latest tweet from Melinda clears the air.
The legendary wrestler needs our support the most right now. And we at Sportskeeda hope that they recover fast and is healthy soon.
Sand and spinach, sea-foam gray, navy and duck-egg blue … we've seen a lot of schemes for WW II Spitfires, but a pink one? We came across this interesting article on io9.com and think it's worth sharing. Author Esther Inglis-Arkell writes, “World War II marked a time of great innovation, which was sometimes practical and sometimes loony. Those two kinds of innovation came together when great military minds decided that to keep an airplane from being spotted, they needed to paint it pink. Find out why a pink aircraft can get lost in the sky.
The Spitfire is a much loved plane, even today. Built in the late 1930s, it has the look of a classic airplane, with an oblong, slightly rounded body, wings that look like a huge oval strapped to the plane, and a ‘blister' of glass over the cockpit. Whenever someone steps out of a Spitfire they should have on leather flying gloves and an aviator's scarf blowing in the wind. That scarf, however, may be very tough to match with the plane. Spitfires went through extensive rounds of camouflage paint, from dark and light brown, to a pale gray, to a baby blue. Perhaps their most unusual color, though, was a light pink.
The pink, slightly too washed-out to be an actual baby pink, still seems bright enough to signal every enemy within five miles. This is certainly true when the Spitfires were seen from above. They stand out brightly against the ground. To make sure they were rarely seen from above, these planes were painted to fly just under cloud cover. Although the planes were ideally meant to fly at sunset and sunrise, when the clouds took on a pinkish hue and made the plane completely invisible against them, they were also useful during the day. Clouds are pinker than we give them credit for. We perceive them as white against the sky because the particles in the sky scatter blue light, sending some of it down towards us and letting us see the sky as blue. Clouds scatter every kind of light, and against the intense blue sky look whitish gray. But their color depends on what kind of light gets to them, and what they are floating next to.
Although we see the sky as a radiant blue, the particles are actually filtering out a lot of the blue light that gets down to the earth's surface. When the blue light is scattered, a good deal of it goes right back up into space, which is why the atmosphere of earth glows blue in some pictures. This filters out a good deal of the blue that gets to the clouds. The clouds scatter what they have, which is a spectrum of light with at least some of the blue filtered out, shifting the overall light ever so slightly towards red. Add to that the fact that the water droplets in clouds can diffract light at different angles, and the clouds are often rife with pastel shades of pink, orange, and green. They look white compared to a glowing blue sky, and a quick glance leaves people with the impression that they are white, but a long look should reveal this shifting, if minor, shades. A light pink plane is safer against them than anyone would expect.
It is much safer against them than even the pilots would expect. One of the troubles with the Spitfire was the fact that the pilot felt garish and exposed. Having to keep an eye on the sky above to check for enemy aircraft, fly with cloud cover, and frequently fly at dawn or at sunset, and these Spitfires were real challenges to their pilots. There's no denying that the camouflage works in the video. About six minutes into the video, when the plane flies, you can see it's very noticeable against the blue sky, but suddenly blends extremely well as it passes in front of small clouds. As early spy planes they allowed the Allies to collect much-needed data, while flying close to the ground. And of course, in the evenings, when the sky was pink with the sunset, they were far more invisible than a white plane shining against a pastel cloud. Pink Spitfires are lovingly maintained today, enjoyed for both their service and their relative novelty value. Let's hear it for pink.”
Plus one article on Google Plus
President Trump's new CEA chair, Kevin Hassett, walked into the lion's den last week with their first official speech. They used the moment to pound the leftist Tax Policy Center (TPC). It was a wonderful sight.
When Hassett wasn't pounding the TPC, they were spanking them. They took them to the woodshed, and disciplined them in public view.
Hassett rightfully accused the TPC for ignoring widely accepted economic literature, for using false assumptions on tax details that have never been published, and for manufacturing income-redistribution (“tax cuts for the rich”) and deficit numbers that don't even exist.
“It's inaccurate,” they said. “It's fiction.”
In perhaps their toughest criticism of all, Hassett called the TPC's findings “scientifically indefensible.” There's no greater insult among academics.
It's a pity that mainstream-media outlets refer to the TPC as “nonpartisan.” They're not. TPC staff is chock-full of former Obama economists.
But Hassett has shown no fear.
Kevin Hassett is the new face at the highest economic level of the Trump administration. But he's no neophyte. They have a PhD in economics from the University of Pennsylvania. They have spent time on the staff of the Federal Reserve Board in Washington. They taught at Columbia Business School. They were a long-time economic-policy director at AEI.
And he's well-liked by everyone who knows him. Plus, he's smart. Very smart.
Not only did they chastise the TPC, they schooled them on a number of important tax policies that have become mainstream thinking inside the Trump White House.
Sighting numerous peer-reviewed papers, Hassett reminded their audience of a plain truth: Taxes matter. They impact the economy.
“Economists who have studied the effects of taxes over time have discovered a consensus,” they said. “Lower marginal tax rates and a broader base increase the rate of economic growth and well-being.” [Italics mine.]
They continue: “For years, TPC analyzed tax bills without providing dynamic scoring, but now provides a dynamic score, but with zero effect.”
For me, Hassett's biggest contribution to the tax debate is the notion that high corporate tax rates depress the wages of workers.
Because companies have stashed profits overseas, and because the U.S. tax cost of investment is so high, middle-income wage earners have suffered mightily. Hassett — and their AEI colleague Aparna Mathur — have argued for over a decade that if you want to raise wages, cut corporate tax rates.
During their TPC speech, Hassett noted that “for the median household in the U.S., the top corporate marginal rate cut from 35 percent to 20 percent would boost wage growth almost four-fold.”
In their past work, Hassett has argued that 70 percent of the benefits of lower business tax rates accrue to middle-income wage earners — in other words, Donald Trump's middle-class base.
Trump's tax cuts are not hand-outs to the rich, as the redistributionist Democratic left argues. Everyone benefits from these lower tax rates. As JFK put it, a rising tide lifts all boats. The growth ignited by lower tax rates solves all problems.
Class warfare has never worked in American politics. But Trump's tax plan will help middle-income wage earners the most. There's nothing wrong with that.
Backing up Hassett's assertions, former CEA chair Glenn Hubbard recently wrote in the Wall Street Journal that too many economists fail to consider the share of the U.S. corporate tax burden borne by labor — 60 percent according to their research. Neither the TPC, the CBO, nor the JTC (Joint Tax Committee) model these results. Instead, they ignore the evidence.
A recent analysis of the House tax plan — which is nearly identical to the Trump plan — by professors Alan Auerbach (Berkeley) and Laurence Kotlikoff (Boston University) concluded that it would boost wages by 8 percent. That's a big number.
It's the difference between a prospering and optimistic middle class and a pessimistic middle class that lives day-to-day, paycheck-to-paycheck.
I look at it this way: Trump's tax-cut and regulatory-rollback policies are aimed directly at ending the war on business, which has dragged down the economy for nearly two decades. Let's reward success rather than punish it.
In just eight months, this growth message has generated a whopping increase in business and consumer confidence. The economy is picking up steam. The stock market has been on a tear. This is not a coincidence.
If Trump continues to link large- and small-business tax cuts to the well-being of the wage-earning middle class, he'll score economic victories across the board. At the same time, America will regain the populist prosperity that's been the backbone of our democracy for nearly 250 years.
That's right. As I sometimes put it, free-market capitalism is the best path to prosperity.
It's comforting to know Kevin Hassett is burning this torch down in the swamp of Washington, D.C.
– Larry Kudlow is CNBC's senior contributor. Their new book is JFK and the Reagan Revolution: A Secret History of American Prosperity, written with Brian Domitrovic.
In this June 8, 2017 file photo, fresh nuts, bolts and fittings are ready to be added to the east leg of the pipeline near St. Ignace, Mich., as Canadian oil transport company Enbridge prepares to test the east and west sides of the Line 5 pipeline under the Straits of Mackinac. A state pipeline safety panel on Monday urged Gov. Rick Snyder to temporarily shut down Enbridge Energy's Line 5 until sections missing protective coating on the pipeline can be repaired, although a majority of the panel's members abstained from voting. (Photo: Dale G. Young / Detroit News)
Lansing — A state pipeline safety panel on Monday urged Gov. Rick Snyder to temporarily shut down Enbridge Energy's Line 5 until sections missing protective coating on the pipeline can be repaired, although a majority of the panel's members abstained from voting.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board voted 5-1, with seven members abstaining, to back a resolution calling for the action. It came after at least four board members expressed discontent with a recent legal agreement between Snyder and Enbridge requiring new safety measures for the twin pipelines that run under the Straits of Mackinac.
The board's bylaws allow the motion to carry because a majority approved the resolution, said board Chairwoman Valerie Brader, director of the Michigan Agency for Energy.
The resolution asks the state to “immediately propose an amendment … requiring Enbridge to temporarily shut down Line 5 operations in the Straits until the rest of the Dual Pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac can be inspected and all of the bare steel and coating issues are fully repaired in order to meet the terms and conditions set forth in (law).”
Before the vote, board member Jennifer McKay, an environmentalist, said the Snyder administration “completely bypassed” the 15-member advisory board during closed-door negotiations with the Canadian energy company. McKay called it “disrespectful” to the public and board that Snyder did not include some panel members in the talks.
Snyder created the advisory board in 2015 through an executive order.
The Snyder agreement requires Enbridge to replace a section of Line 5 that runs underneath the St. Clair River, temporarily shut down the pipeline when adverse weather creates waves higher than 8 feet for at least an hour and conduct a study on building a new pipeline in an underground tunnel underneath the straits.
Line 5 carries about 23 million gallons of oil and some liquid natural gas through the Straits of Mackinac each day.
McKay said she's now concerned that the state is also not being transparent despite Michigan officials criticizing Enbridge for not being transparent enough about coating problems. Some 48 sections of Line 5 are missing protective coating and engineers at the company had known there were problems since at least 2014, although Enbridge didn't disclose that to state officials until 2017.
Michael Shriberg, another board member and the regional director for the National Wildlife Foundation, said it's still an “open question” whether the gaps pose a potential threat to the pipeline integrity, although Enbridge maintains they do not.
An Enbridge spokesperson said they did not immediately have a comment on the resolutions.
Most board members abstained, including the main representatives from state agencies in Snyder's administration.
“None of us had time to read these,” said Matthew Schneider, a representative for Attorney General Bill Schuette's office. Schneider called them “very important” issues but said they haven't “had the adequate time to review” the resolutions.
Another resolution asks Snyder to require “a detailed analysis on the public need for Line 5” and “a more robust study of alternative pipeline capacity” by June 25, 2018.
The state is planning to make a final decision in August 2018 about whether to pursue an alternative to Line 5. That could include permanently shutting down the line, Brader said.
State officials also grilled an Enbridge Energy official about Line 5 coating problems but didn't get many answers about what caused exterior damage along the twin pipelines.
Enbridge is still “assessing the situation” to find out more about what caused 48 spots where enamel coating is missing and bare metal is exposed to Great Lakes water, said Peter Holran, director of U.S. government affairs for the company.
Holran said at least one section was damaged in August after a stray 3-inch metal cable scraped against the pipe when workers were trying to install a new anchor support. Another section of the pipe was damaged during another anchor installation in 2014, according to Enbridge.
The Canadian energy company has been under heavy scrutiny and state officials have expressed declining trust after it disclosed that engineers had known about the 2014 damage but not said anything until this year.
Michigan State Police Captain Chris Kelenske -- who would help oversee an emergency response to an oil spill if one happened -- called it “concerning” that Enbridge doesn't seem to know what is underneath the straits such as stray metal cables that might have the potential to cause more damage.
“I think we need to know what's down there,” Kelenske said.
In another development, Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians is threatening to sue the state of Michigan because the tribe says it wasn't involved in the recent Snyder-Enbridge safety measure deal.
The band's Natural Resources Department Director Desmond Berry said the state is not honoring a 19th-century treaty they said should have required the state to include the tribe in Line 5 negotiations between Michigan and Enbridge. Berry said the straits have been a historically crucial fishing area for the tribe.
The governor is supposed to “have an open dialogue with tribes” and “this goes right in the face of that,” they said.
“The only time our voice is heard is because we insert ourselves into the process,” Berry said.
mgerstein@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2B9pPsf
Fundamentally, M&A transactions take place because the buyer thinks that it can do more with the business or its assets than the owner can. In other words, the buyer values the business at a level that is higher than the value the seller places on it. Accordingly, the buyer will want to have a clear idea about what will happen with the business following the closing. If the future is cloudy, it is difficult for buyers to project what will happen following the closing, thereby adding to the buyer's uncertainty. Added uncertainty means greater risk, which quickly translates into a lower offering price.
Unfortunately for buyers, owners of privately held businesses are unlikely to be sympathetic with a buyer's concern over the future. They often view their businesses not as investments, but rather as lifestyles, jobs and/or measures of their social status. Therefore, reaching a "meeting of the minds" on price will be difficult in uncertain economic times, unless the business needs to be sold for some reason.
The differing perspectives of potential buyers and sellers create what some refer to as the valuation gap. That is, sellers value their companies more highly than potential buyers do. To bridge that gap, potential buyers can resort to several different tools, including seller financing, earn-out provisions and seller participation in ownership following closing.
Each technique has its challenges. Nevertheless, given the current economic landscape, one or more of them are likely to be a part of most M&A transactions for some time to come.
Seller financing
Because the credit crunch has made it difficult for buyers to obtain sufficient leverage to finance their acquisitions, they are increasingly calling upon sellers to finance a portion of the purchase price. This tactic is especially prevalent among smaller transactions involving private sellers. Seller financing decreases the amount of equity that the buyer must provide and reduces the amount of senior debt that the buyer must obtain.
Earn-out provisions
Another way in which buyers and sellers attempt to bridge the valuation gap is by making a portion of the purchase price contingent upon the target company's achievement of certain specified performance targets. As with any such technique, there are pros and cons.
Normally, buyers like earn-out provisions. If a buyer intends to retain some of the company's owners as employees of the target company following the closing, it will also provide an incentive for these employees to work toward reaching the specified performance targets.
The specified performance targets comprise the heart of the earn-out provision. Sellers usually prefer metrics that are high on the income statement, such as revenues or receipts, because they are less prone to manipulation by the buyer. Conversely, buyers prefer metrics that more accurately reflect value, such as earnings per share or EBITDA. The overall duration of an earnout provision is also the subject of considerable negotiation, with buyers typically preferring periods as long as three years.
Seller participation in ownership following closing
Another tool that parties use to bridge the gap on valuation is to have the seller participate in the ownership following the closing. This ownership could be in the company that was sold or it could be in the acquisition entity. The stock that the seller holds is rarely the same as that which the seller held before closing.
If the seller participates in the ownership following the closing, the tax planning is crucial. If the transaction fails to qualify for tax-free reorganization treatment, the sellers would normally be subject to tax on the shares they receive, even though the shares might be illiquid or subject to transfer restrictions.
For more information, contact Thomas Brinsko or John Zapalac at (281) 538-9996 or visit www.IVSInvestmentBanking.com.
View in Digital Edition
WWE Monday Night Raw Preview: January 2nd, 2017
The return of Goldberg, Last man standing match and more.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 15:09 IST
Goldberg is set to return
The first Monday Night Raw of 2017 is just hours away. To be frank, 2016 wasn't the best year for the red brand. The three-hour format and half-baked storylines had been causing problems and the brand split did not help either. The crisp content that SmackDown delivered, proved to be more attractive for fans despite Raw having a stacked roster.
The most recent setback for Raw came this past week when SmackDown Live got the better television ratings. Raw needs to bounce back from this and they do have some good resources that could be put to use this Monday Night. In this preview, we take a look at some of the segments that WWE could pull off.
#5 Goldberg returns but about Brock?
Goldberg returns
The first Raw of 2017 will be boosted by the return of Goldberg. The last time we saw them on television, they announced their intentions to go after the gold and began by entering themselves in the Royal Rumble match. Later, it was announced that Brock Lesnar will also be part of the match too.
Goldberg will probably come out this week to address the inclusion of Lesnar and after what happened when these two met; it wouldn't be a surprise if Lesnar makes a surprise return to jump on Goldberg. Another possibility is Goldberg taking a completely different path that could make headlines.
A lot of questions need to be answered when Goldberg shows up and hopefully, WWE will leave no loopholes this week around.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Willey confessed a tinge of regret despite a day to remember in Canberra, having narrowly failed to flog Nathan Lyon for six sixes in an over.
The Yorkshire all-rounder dominated England's T20 tri-series warm-up against a Prime Minister's XI, taking three wickets with their left-arm seam then smashing 79 in just 36 balls as the tourists sprinted to an eight-wicket victory with more than seven overs remaining.
Willey was on the verge of marking the occasion with something special when they launched Australia's Ashes-winning spinner over the ropes five times in a row in their second over but, with anticipation building even among the home fans, they had to settle for a sweetly-struck four through the covers from the final delivery.
There were ironic boos from the 8,000 spectators who had been hoping to see a rare full house of maximums, and Willey admitted they were unusually deflated to see one of their shots racing to the boundary.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
"Yeah, I probably was disappointed... especially in an England shirt. I can barely get it off the square usually," they said with a broad smile.
"It would have been nicer to get the final one too but if you're hitting 34 off an over you can't complain.
"I got a chance at the top of the order with a couple of niggles and I had nothing to lose. I went out with a bit of a free rein and managed to clear the ropes a few times. No complaints."
Willey made their name as a dashing top-order stroke-maker in county cricket and performed a similar role during their recent Big Bash stint with Perth Scorchers but has never batted higher than seven for England.
They only got their promotion to open the innings after Alex Hales (hand) and Jason Roy (back) withdrew from the game and has no illusions about making a permanent move.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
"I think I'll be sliding back down to nine or 10 for the first game (against Australia), that was my one chance," they said.
"I don't think I can walk in there and say I should be batting higher up the order. I do that job back home and my job did with England is different.
"I'm just honoured to wear the shirt and whatever role I try to do the best I can."
England won the toss at Manuka Oval and restricted a strong-looking home team, boasting seven Australian internationals with a total of 239 caps, to 136 for eight.
(Image: AFP)
Willey took the first two scalps and finished with three for 32, while left-arm spinner Liam Dawson claimed three for 16.
Lyon, captaining in front of premier Malcolm Turnbull, was seen as key to their side's defence and also had the chance to make the national selectors feel awkward about their continued white-ball exile.
Instead, they were a victim of Willey's big day.
"In T20 cricket anything can happen," the Englishman said.
"Sometimes you bowl well and go the distance, other times you bowl poorly and get wickets. There's no doubt he's an unbelievable bowler, their record shows that. I managed to get hold of them today but on another day it could be different."
What's my age again? On the same day all these albums I loved in college are getting nostalgia tours, one of my most beloved bands from my early teenage years just announced a Las Vegas residency. That's right, Blink-182 fans: You are old!
Mall-punk has after all become a form of classic rock, so it makes a certain sort of sense that Mark Hoppus, Travis Barker, and Tom DeLonge Matt Skiba will be going the way of their TRL-era contemporaries Britney, Xtina, and J-Lo. Somehow, the logic behind this reminder of death's inevitability doesn't make it any less chilling.
The plan seems to be to lure wealthy former Warped Tour ticket-holders to Sin City for weekend getaways marked by gambling and musical toilet humor. Blink will play 16 dates in the Pearl Theater at the Palms comprising a series of eight two-night stands in May, June, October, and November. They're calling it Kings Of The Weekend, named for a song on their 2016 album California. IMO they should have called it Built This Pool, but as we've already covered, sometimes cold-hard reason wins out.
Tickets go on sale this Friday, 3/23 at 10AM PT via blink182vegas.com. Below, watch a super-corny trailer and see the dates.
DATES:
05/26 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
05/27 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/08 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/09 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/15 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/16 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/23 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
06/24 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
10/26 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
10/27 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/02 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/03 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/09 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/10 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/16 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
11/17 Las Vegas, NV @ Pearl Theater
Content Disclaimer
The information, advice and answers displayed in this section of KHON2.com are those of individual sponsors and not KHON-TV/Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. KHON2.com presents this content on behalf of each participating sponsor. Sponsored content is copyrighted to its respective sponsor unless otherwise indicated.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan supports the release of a rebuttal memo by Democrats on the House Intelligence committee to go along with a controversial Republican one likely to be released soon, their office said on Friday.
“If it is scrubbed to ensure it does not reveal sources and methods of our intelligence gathering, the speaker supports the release of the Democrats' memo,” Ryan spokesperson AshLee Strong said.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Prime Minister justice (retd) Nasir-ul-Mulk Wednesday said international community must play its role for realization of right to self-determination to Kashmiri people in the Indian occupied Kashmir (IoK) as promised to them through the UNSC relevant resolutions.
They were talking to Azad Jammu and Kashmir Prime Minister Raja Farooq Haider Khan who called on them at PM Office, a press release said.
Nasir-ul-Mulk condemned the reign of state sponsored terrorism as well as grave human rights violations perpetrated by the Indian occupation forces on the unarmed civilians of IoK.
The prime minister reaffirmed moral, political and diplomatic support of the people and the government of Pakistan to the people of IoK in their legitimate struggle for their right to self-determination.
During the meeting, the overall situation in Azad Jammu and Kashmir in general and the plight of the innocent people of IoK in particular came under discussion.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They were one of Bristol's loudest, fiercest and most relentless campaigners and as mourners gathered for the funeral of Steve Norman, it was clear their legacy would live on.
It was a gathering of family, friends, fellow campaigners and people he'd supported or mentored over the years, with everyone swapping anecdotes in the chilly winter sunshine at South Bristol Crematorium of their exploits.
Even the official celebrant Dee Ryding said that, while they had never personally met the man known as the Avon Mouth, they had once stood behind them at a demonstration and wondered why they even needed their loudhailer.
It was a fitting tribute to the man whose gruff Bristolian burr had never been tamed by decades in the Merchant Navy. Among their fellow battlers-in-arms against council cuts and closures were several of the councillors, who had sometimes found themselves on the wrong end of their rapier wit and deafening megaphone.
And, along with the Bristol Post, there were also other reporters paying their respects to the man who had a knack for coming up with eye-catching stunts to protest whichever because they were fighting for at the time.
A remarkably selfless man, it was always someone else's battle they fought – people who struggled to get their voice heard. In the early years they were fighting for disabled people faced with closures of day centres, or the elderly whose nursing homes were being closed. In latter years, it was the homeless or the victims of Bristol's housing crisis who were their focus.
Each time people would come to them and ask them to shout for them, and they would. They never said no, and by doing things like choreographing the wheelchair-bound to block the bottom of Park Street, or occupying empty council houses to prevent them being sold off, they very often won.
Their stunts were always attention-grabbing and often piercing in their satire. Last September, Bristol prepared for a huge protest march called by the mayor against the austerity they themselves was being forced by the Government to impose.
On the eve of the demo, Steve pitched up at City Hall with loaves and fishes and told a bemused security guard he'd come to help Marvin with the catering for those attending the march.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the march itself, they were the loudest of those on the sidelines, protesting at the 'official' protest itself.
Ironically enough, they hit national headlines after the Post revealed they were fighting a cause, for once, for himself. They and their neighbours were outraged when, last year, the council limited the time their communal laundry room could be used.
They took the council to court – and of course won – and ended up the subject of a feature-length Radio 4 documentary which was, poignantly, broadcast last week on what would have been their 60 birthday.
The funeral service revealed the uncompromising fighter for the downtrodden and voiceless, but also a caring man who offered support to others fighting in the metaphorical trenches too.
“Most of us knew the loud, gruff, outspoken, chain-smoking Steve, some of us got to see their kind caring side, to many they were a thorn, a rogue, someone to avoid, an absolute nightmare,” said fellow campaigner Kerry Bailes.
(Image: Jon kent)
“Those people were often the elected. Steve had very little time for those elected that failed to represent the people that elected them.
“Never elected himself, Steve often did the work they were meant to. They fought for the poor, the working class, the homeless and the disabled, relentlessly, never giving up.
“He was a hero, someone to look up to, to aspire too, everything they did, they did for free, often wanting nothing in return other than friendship. I often wondered WHY, why they took people like me under their wing, why they fought for the underdog, the hopeless and the helpless when they had very little himself.
“Steve was never a proud or privileged man. They defied the elected, they defied life on many occasions. I, like many others, turned to Steve in my darkest hour, knowing he'd have a listening ear and an open-minded response, never judging or complaining.
“I feel proud and privileged to have known him.
“He was born working class, they lived a working class life, they died working class. They struggled, they fought, fought for what believed in, from the ground up, a lesson to us all that we can do it: we can change the way things are done, our voices do count, we're working class and we matter,” they added.
The service itself was one of mixed emotions – of celebrating the man and their achievements, mourning their loss at just 59 and, among those attending, a palpable sense that they would be spurred on in their own campaigns, inspired by the man who had supported so many of them.
And if Bristol was well-used to hearing Steve in life, they look certain to get used to seeing them or their name in death. Since their death, ‘RIP Steve Norman' has appeared regularly in locations right across the city.
To mark their funeral, a handy ‘cut-out-and-keep' stencil was produced – so expect to see their distinctively uncompromising face with the word ‘disobey' underneath coming to a wall near you soon.
And as the mourners dispersed, to their native Lawrence Weston and Shirehampton for the wake and around the rest of the city, three miles away, a little bit of Steve lived on.
Quietly, unnoticed by the staff inside the M-Shed museum, there's a new addition to the ‘Avonmouth' section of the exhibits telling the story of Bristol's diverse neighbourhoods.
In this week's edition of Habs Fantasy Hockey Roundup, we will be looking back at how the Canadiens' top five fantasy players performed over a week that included three games on the schedule against the St. Louis Blues, the Calgary Flames, and the Edmonton Oilers, and whether you should be starting them in your lineups.
Shea Weber
Last Week: 3 GP, 2 G, 1 A, 10 SOG, 7 Hits, 4 Blocked Shots
The Canadiens' number-one defenseman has arguably been the team's most valuable fantasy player so far this season. In 24 games, Weber has scored six goals and 16 points, while averaging just under three shots per game.
A top-tier player in any fantasy format, Weber is extremely valuable in leagues that count hits and blocks, as they are currently averaging 2.54, and 2.17 per game, respectively. Thanks to their devastating slap shot, Weber is Montreal's most dangerous player on the man-advantage, so they can also be counted on in leagues that include power play points, too. There is no reason for having Weber anywhere outside of your starting lineup.
Max Pacioretty
Last Week: 3 GP, 2 A, 7 SOG, 1 Special Teams Point, 5 Hits.
It was a relatively quiet fantasy week for the Canadiens' captain. Averaging over 14 shots on goal in the first eight weeks of the season, Pacioretty found themselves way off that mark last week, which would explain their less-than-stellar stat line. Pacioretty has been a disappointment for fantasy owners this year, so far. In 31 games, the left-winger has eight goals and 18 points, leaving them on pace to not score at least 30 goals, and 60 points for the first time since the lockout-shortened season in 2012-13.
With only one goal in their last 13 games, Pacioretty is due for a breakout. Historically, Pacioretty has been a streaky player, scoring goals in bunches. Prior to their cold-streak, Pacioretty scored six goals in 10 games, on top of 36 shots, and 20 hits. Pacioretty will need to play lights out from here on out to reach the marks set in previous seasons. Despite their lack of point production, Pacioretty can always be counted on in fantasy for their shot production, and should remain in your starting lineup.
Jonathan Drouin
Last Week: 1 GP, 2 Hits, 1 Blocked Shot, 3 Faceoff Wins
The first-year Hab was a non-factor in fantasy last week thanks to a combination of a lower-body injury and an illness. Drouin suited up for only one of three games on the week, and was unable to muster up anything more than a few peripheral stats in which many leagues do not play with, like hits and blocked shots. Drouin owners should not panic, however. As the Canadiens' most dynamic offensive player, Drouin is counted on to score more than any other forward not named Max Pacioretty.
Averaging 17:38 minutes of ice time per game, including 3:34 on the power-play, Drouin has ample opportunity to put up fantasy points. What makes Drouin even more valuable is their eligibility to play centre or on either wing, leaving fantasy owners with the option to plug them into any forward position in their lineup. Like Weber and Pacioretty, Drouin should remain a fixture in starting lineups this season.
Brendan Gallagher
Last Week: 3 GP, 11 SOG, 4 Hits, 4 Blocked Shots, 3 Faceoff Wins
It was an all-around quiet fantasy week for Montreal's forwards, and Gallagher, who's been the best of the bunch this season, was no exception. Despite their poor performance last week, Gallagher is still producing at a career-high rate, with 13 goals and 19 points in 31 games so far. Their 0.42 goals per game is the best since their rookie year, and he's averaging 3.16 shots on goal per game.
After two consecutive seasons where Gallagher was forced to miss time with a broken hand, the 24-year-old right-winger is healthy for the first time in forever and is a viable option in fantasy once again. Owned in only 60 percent of Yahoo Sports leagues, Gallagher should be a target on the waiver wire in any league format.
Alex Galchenyuk
Last Week: 3 GP, 1 G, 8 SOG, 1 Special Teams Point
Shuffling through the lineup and consistently playing with different linemates for short periods of time, Alex Galchenyuk has yet to live up to the expectations that came with signing their new three-year, $14.7-million contract in the summer. With only seven goals and 17 points this season, Galchenyuk is averaging 15:05 minutes of ice time per game and has spent time on the Canadiens fourth-line on several occasions.
Deserving or not, Galchenyuk is not getting the opportunities consistently needed to be an impactful fantasy player. Having already scored 30 goals in one season before, Galchenyuk has all the talent in the world to be one, however. For now, it can be questioned whether they should be owned in any league formats other than Dynasty, but it is worth keeping an eye on the 23-year-old as a potential waiver-wire pickup.
OCSO: Woman beaten to death following alleged dispute with boyfriend over drug use
ORANGEBURG, S.C. (WOLO) – An Orangeburg County man is behind bars after deputies say they beat their girlfriend to death with their bare hands.
James Humphries, 48, has been charged with murder in the death of the 34-year-old woman.
The incident occurred at a home on Squeaky Lane in North.
Deputies responded to the home after Humphries called their employer saying that they and the victim were involved in an altercation and they believed they were deceased.
According to the police report, Humphries told investigators they and the victim had argued over their drug use on the day of the fatal assault.
“I can't imagine a domestic homicide more filled with more senselessness than this,” Sheriff Leroy Ravenell said. “To beat your human being until they expire exhibits seems the worst kind of uncontrolled behavior.”
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
AUSTRALIA'S wildly fluctuating weather has been highlighted again in a week which has seen over 160mm dumped on parts of southern Western Australia at the same time as parts of NSW, Queensland, Victoria and South Australia swelter through temperatures close to 50 degrees.
Collyn Garnett, who runs Willemenup Poll Merino Stud at Gnowangeurp in WA's Great Southern region, said there were widespread falls of 160mm in their area.
“The area between Jerramungup and Ravensthorpe, around the Phillips River, has been hard hit, a bridge has been destroyed,” they said.
On a wider WA scale, the area around the Stirling Ranges across to the southern coast received the most rain, while tallies graded lower, but were still significant through the south-west and parts of the wheatbelt.
Mr Garnett said on their property fences had been washed out, while pregnant ewes have also suffered from a lack of feed.
“We had to keep one mob in the shed for five days and we haven't been able to get out to some paddocks, so it is not ideal in the lead-up to lambing.”
However, they said the rain would not be all bad news.
“We now have a full soil moisture profile and that will help the cropping program this year.”
On the other side of the nation, Walgett agronomist Greg Rummery said a wearying spell of heat had peaked with a 47 degree day on Saturday.
“It has been hot up here for a long time and the last week we have seen some really hot conditions.”
Walgett has been virtually the epicentre of a heatwave that has seen close to 60 consecutive days of maximums above 35 degrees.
“Our average January temperature is 36, so we don't mind those high 30s, but when it pushes up into the mid 40s it gets rough,” Mr Rummery said.
They said summer crops had been smashed by the heat but added the heatwave would have little impact on the coming winter crop.
“Cotton is an extremely tough plant, it is still alive where all the sorghum has died with the extreme heat, but it has dropped its fruit,” they said.
“If we get some rain in coming weeks, who knows, but at present it will be well below average yields.”
However, they said the hot and dry spell would not have an influence on winter cropping intentions.
“It was a wet winter and some crops, such as legumes may have not fully used all the moisture in the soil profile.
“Obviously the top layer will be well and truly dried out, but there may be a little moisture at depth in some paddocks which will be useful if we can get some rain to get the moisture bands to join up.”
Mr Garnett said from a livestock feed point of view the rain had mixed blessings.
“We have clover germinated and there is plenty of moisture for it to go through for a while, but we would be pretty lucky to see moisture last right through to a true autumn break.
“If we get a hot spell of weather we could see those early germinating autumn pastures die.”
They also said all dry feed had been ruined.
“We'd already had over 40mm on the stubbles around the end of harvest, so the nutrients will have leached there.”
They said croppers in the area would also have problems with paddock access to control summer weeds.
“We've got some hot weather coming up, but even so it will be over a week until we can get onto paddocks to spray, longer with a fully loaded boom.”
“You just have to be positive about it, there are plenty of good things about getting rain this time of year as well as the downsides.”
The recent arrests of at least 11 prominent women's rights activists in Saudi Arabia should finally dispel popular illusions that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, known as MBS, is a progressive force. For months, commentators in North America and Europe have been fawning over MBS as the shining light of Muslim “reform.” Political leaders and pundits have showered the Saudi prince with hosannas for allowing women to drive and attend sports events, and swooned over their pledge to “return” Saudi Arabia to “moderate Islam” (while also salivating at the prospect of signing lucrative oil and military deals with the kingdom).
U.S. President Donald Trump shows a chart highlighting arms sales to Saudi Arabia during a meeting with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval Office of the White House in March. ( Evan Vucci / AP )
These plaudits display a remarkable wilful blindness to the ruthlessly autocratic nature of Mohammad Bin Salman's role — which has long been evident, even before the current assault on activists campaigning for the very same freedoms they claim to champion. Since last September, dozens of dissenters pressing for progressive reform have been rounded up and arrested by the regime — targeting “the last vestiges of freedom of expression” in the country, in the words of Amnesty International. In November, the state expanded its already draconian national security framework to criminalize criticism of the king or crown prince as a terrorism offence.
Article Continued Below
Saudi's rate of executions — already among the highest in the world — has doubled since Bin Salman's ascent to power, according to international human rights organization Reprieve. “Since Prince Mohammed Bin Salman became crown prince on 21 June [2017], the human rights situation in the country has deteriorated markedly,” Amnesty International reports. MBS has also been responsible for the severe deterioration of human rights in Yemen, where (in their capacity as Saudi's defence minister in 2015) they were the architect of what the UN has called “the worst human-made humanitarian crisis of our time.” Thousands of defenceless civilians have been killed by the Saudi-led bombing campaign, which has hit schools, weddings, funerals, and hospitals, and millions more have been subjected to famine and cholera by Saudi's suffocating blockade. Canada has provided hundreds of millions of dollars in military equipment to the coalition of countries currently pulverizing Yemen: four times more than it has given to Yemen itself in humanitarian aid. MBS says they want to restore “moderate Islam,” but continues to exercise extreme state violence in violation of the Islamic legal tradition — which imposes strict prohibitions on targeting civilians in war, and severe restrictions on the use of capital punishment.
As London School of Economics professor Madawi al-Rasheed observes, “the prince's moderate Islam is a new specific project … that ironically justifies, sanctions, and praises the most radical government practices.” The Saudi crown prince is, in reality, a pauper on human rights. Their valorization continues a long tradition of acclaiming brutal Muslim autocrats friendly to Western interests as salvific reformers of Islam.
Article Continued Below
Egyptian leader General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, for example, was hailed by American media as “Islam's improbable reformer” — even after their regime massacred more than 900 Egyptian civilian protesters in a single day, and imprisoned and tortured thousands more. The 18th-century founder of Saudi Wahhabism — the very strain of Islam now denounced as the source of “extremism” — was similarly celebrated as the “Martin Luther of Islam” by British and French colonial powers, even though Wahhabi interpretations were widely rejected by Muslim scholars at the time. “We [the West] count on dictators who will reform, alter, mutilate, mutate, or reconstruct an Islam that is more consistent with our interests,” writes UCLA Distinguished Professor of Law Khaled Abou El Fadl. “These dictators are relied upon to shove the Islam we want down their citizens' throats, and to silence dissenting voices.” The support for tyrants like Mohammed Bin Salman relies on several myths long debunked as racist Orientalist fallacies: that the problems in Muslim countries are attributable to faulty interpretations of Islam — as opposed to oppressive political, military, and economic forces that Western governments have been complicit in creating; and that despotic leaders are necessary to reformulate Islam and bring Muslims into modernity. The enduring popularity of these canards not only produces flawed analyses, but is an insult to the activists throughout the Middle East bravely struggling against authoritarian regimes for justice, freedom, and human dignity. Azeezah Kanji is a legal analyst.
Read more about:
1:55 Public comment was heard Tuesday night on Holmes Beach speed limit change Pause
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
Serverless applications are all the rage right now — and some companies are even leapfrogging containers to go all-in on services like AWS Lambda and Azure Functions. Unsurprisingly, these services are now spawning their own startup ecosystems. IOpipe, which is coming out of beta today, is an application operations platform (with a current focus on monitoring) for AWS's Lambda service.
The Seattle-based company also today announced that it has raised a $2.5 million seed round from Madrona Venture Group, NEA and Underscore VC, all of which have plenty of experience in the infrastructure space.
IOpipe co-founders Adam Johnson (CEO) and Erica Windisch (CTO), too, are highly experienced in this space, having previously worked at companies like Docker and Midokura (Adam was the first hire at Midokura and Erica founded Docker's security team). They recently graduated from the Techstars NY program.
The idea behind IOpipe is pretty straightforward: provide developers and ops teams better insights into how their applications run on Lambda (with support for other platforms potentially coming in the future) to help them troubleshoot bugs, memory leaks and other issues. All developers have to do to enable the service, which provides them with all the usual performance metrics for their functions in a real-time dashboard, is to wrap their functions into IOpipe's code. The service also measures calls to third-party services, including all the standard AWS services like S3 or DynamoDB.
Johnson tells me that the company's customers span a wide gamut and include startups and enterprises. This is, of course, a function of Lambda's customers, too. “Every week I'm surprised about the companies I run into that are running Lambda,” Johnson said. A year ago, these users were still mostly early adopters, but since then, quite a few enterprises are starting to experiment with Lambda or even running production workloads on the platform.
The company currently has eight employees, though with this new funding round, it'll probably expand quickly. Looking ahead, the team plans to build more features on top of its current solution (which now features a plug-in architecture) to branch out from its current operations focus to better serve developers directly, too. “We spent a lot of time up until now building out the table stakes features for monitoring and making sure they are scalable and stable,” Johnson noted, adding that the service's plug-in architecture now allows the team to provide its users with more functionality.
Featured Image: Alexander W Helin/Getty Images
Cash Spot Cash Tom Tom Next --------------------------------------------------------------- Bid/Ask Bid/Ask Bid/Ask (in IST) 1000 02.00/04.25 01.50/03.00 00.50/01.25 02.85% 02.85% 02.85% (Feb 1) 1000 02.00/04.25 00.50/01.25 01.50/03.00 02.87% 02.87% 02.87% -------------------------------------------------------------- TIME FEB MAR APR MAY --------------------------------------------------------------- 1000 17.25/18.75 40.00/42.00 69.00/71.00 95.50/97.50 1100 17.75/18.75 40.75/42.75 70.00/72.00 96.50/98.50 1200 17.25/19.25 40.25/42.25 69.25/71.25 96.25/98.25 1300 17.50/18.50 40.00/42.00 69.25/71.25 96.00/98.00 1400 17.00/19.00 39.75/41.75 68.75/70.75 95.50/97.50 1500 17.25/19.25 40.25/42.25 69.25/71.25 96.25/98.25 1600 17.50/19.00 40.50/42.50 69.75/71.75 96.50/98.50 1715 17.50/19.00 40.50/42.50 69.75/71.75 96.50/98.50 (Closing Feb 1) 1715 18.25/19.25 40.75/42.75 69.50/71.50 96.00/98.00 ---------------------------------------------------------------- TIME JUN JUL AUG SEP ---------------------------------------------------------------- 1000 118.25/120.25 142.50/144.50 165.75/167.75 187.25/189.25 1100 119.25/121.25 143.50/145.50 167.00/169.00 188.50/190.50 1200 119.25/121.25 143.75/145.75 167.25/169.25 188.75/190.75 1300 118.50/120.50 142.50/144.50 165.75/167.75 187.00/189.00 1400 118.00/120.00 142.25/144.25 165.50/167.50 186.75/188.75 1500 119.00/121.00 143.25/145.25 166.50/168.50 187.75/189.75 1600 119.25/121.25 143.25/145.25 166.50/168.50 187.75/189.75 1715 119.00/121.00 143.00/145.00 166.25/168.25 187.50/189.50 (Closing Feb 1) 1715 118.25/120.25 142.25/144.25 165.50/167.50 186.75/188.75 ---------------------------------------------------------------- TIME OCT NOV DEC JAN ---------------------------------------------------------------- 1000 212.50/214.50 235.50/237.50 259.00/261.00 282.00/284.00 1100 213.75/215.75 236.75/238.75 260.50/262.50 283.50/285.50 1200 214.00/216.00 237.00/239.00 260.50/262.50 283.50/285.50 1300 212.00/214.00 235.00/237.00 258.50/260.50 281.50/283.50 1400 211.75/213.75 234.25/236.25 257.50/259.50 280.50/282.50 1500 213.00/215.00 235.50/237.50 259.00/261.00 282.00/284.00 1600 212.75/214.75 235.50/237.50 259.00/261.00 282.00/284.00 1715 212.75/214.75 235.50/237.50 259.00/261.00 282.00/284.00 (Closing Feb 1) 1715 212.00/214.00 234.75/236.75 258.25/260.25 281.00/283.00 ---------------------------------------------------------------- TIME 1 MTH 2 MTH 3MTH 4 MTH 5 MTH 6 MTH ---------------------------------------------------------------- 1000 4.66% 4.80% 4.92% 4.80% 4.73% 4.66% 1100 4.73% 4.87% 4.98% 4.85% 4.76% 4.69% 1200 4.71% 4.82% 4.95% 4.84% 4.77% 4.70% 1300 4.67% 4.82% 4.95% 4.84% 4.75% 4.67% 1400 4.67% 4.79% 4.93% 4.81% 4.73% 4.66% 1500 4.71% 4.82% 4.95% 4.84% 4.76% 4.68% 1600 4.73% 4.85% 4.98% 4.85% 4.77% 4.68% 1715 4.73% 4.86% 4.98% 4.85% 4.76% 4.67% (Closing Feb 1) 1715 4.65% 4.78% 4.91% 4.79% 4.70% 4.63% --------------------------------------------------------------- TIME 7 MTH 8 MTH 9 MTH 10 MTH 11 MTH 12MTH --------------------------------------------------------------- 1000 4.60% 4.57% 4.55% 4.53% 4.51% 4.48% 1100 4.63% 4.60% 4.57% 4.55% 4.53% 4.50% 1200 4.64% 4.61% 4.58% 4.56% 4.53% 4.51% 1300 4.61% 4.57% 4.55% 4.53% 4.51% 4.48% 1400 4.61% 4.57% 4.55% 4.52% 4.50% 4.47% 1500 4.62% 4.58% 4.56% 4.53% 4.51% 4.48% 1600 4.62% 4.58% 4.56% 4.53% 4.51% 4.48% 1715 4.62% 4.58% 4.56% 4.53% 4.51% 4.48% (Closing Feb 1) 1715 4.58% 4.55% 4.53% 4.51% 4.49% 4.46% --------------------------------------------------------------- (CONVERSION RATE - $1 = 64.0550/64.0650 rupees) Note: Figures in brackets indicate negative values. Premiums have been given in paise and annualised premiums are on a rolling monthly basis . For the purpose of calculating the annualised premiums, the mid-figure between bid and ask is taken. Similarly we use Spot level indicative bid and ask for calculations. These indicative rates are based on contributions from Andhra Bank, Bank Of Baroda,Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, ICICI Bank, Credit Agricole CIB, Standard Chartered, HDFC Bank, Indusind Bank, Bank of India, Union Bank of India, Axis Bank,State Bank Of India, Central Bank. For contributions contact Mumbai Rate Reporting unit +91 22 6180 7222/3317 7222 or E-mail:rru.data@thomsonreuters.com
Sudan's National Day
Washington, DC - Secretary of State John Kerry: "On behalf of President Obama and the American people, I congratulate the people of Sudan on 61 years of independence and send our best wishes for the year ahead.
" I share your hopes for a Sudan at peace with itself and its neighbors. It is my fervent wish that the coming year brings sustainable peace, reconciliation, and development to Sudan."
Ostapenko with their French Open (NurPhoto/Getty Images)
French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko became the seventh player to qualify for this year's WTA Finals. The Latvian joins a stellar field which includes Garbiñe Muguruza, Elina Svitolina, Simona Halep, Karolina Pliskova, Venus Williams, and Caroline Wozniacki.
This is Ostapenko's first qualification for the year-end event. The 20-year-old has had a standout season which has seen them capture their first two titles of their career which includes a French Open title.
First Two Titles
If someone told you that your first career title at the tour-level would be a major title, you would take that all day. For Ostapenko, it was a reality. They opened up their French Open account with a close call against Louisa Chirico but followed that up with two straightforward victories.
The rest of their tournament saw them battle it out in three sets, starting with Sam Stosur. They dropped the opener against the Aussie before taking it in three and did the same against Wozniacki. It wasn't the same against Timea Bacsinszky in the semifinals as the Latvian took the opener this time around.
In the final against Halep, Ostapenko played a steady first set but did not do enough to take it as the Romanian put themselves one set away from the title. Looking down and out, Ostapenko played the next two sets of their life, painting every corner and line they could fine with winners from all over the court to claim their maiden tour-level title, a French Open title.
The Asian swing saw the 20-year-old claim their second title of the year at the Korea Open. Ostapenko cruised in their first couple of matches but saw themselves go the distance in their semifinal and final against Luksika Kumkhum and Beatriz Haddad Maia.
Ostapenko with their Korea Open title (Chung Sung-Jun/Getty Images)
Other Notable Results
Ostapenko's first tournament of the year in Auckland saw them a set away from a final in Auckland, but down 1-4 in the decider to Lauren Davis, the Latvian retired. In their first clay tournament of the year, the 20-year-old made the Charleston final against fellow youngster Daria Kasatkina. The Latvian was outclassed by the Russian who dropped only four games en route to the title.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Prosiebensat 1 Media SE, Dicovery Networks Deutschland:
* SAY THEY NAME ALEXANDAR VASSILEV AS CEO OF JOINT 7TV STREAMING Further company coverage:
New Zealand endurance driving world champion Earl Bamber will race as a co-driver in the 2018 V8 Supercars championship.
Bamber has signed with Red Bull Holden Racing Team for the championship's three endurance rounds.
It caps a year in which Bamber joined compatriot Brendon Hartley and German Timo Bernhard to snare the World Endurance Championship crown for Porsche.
They will race alongside Kiwi Shane van Gisbergen in the rounds at Sandown, Bathurst and Surfers Paradise which fall in September and October.
Bamber, 27, has twice won their class in three starts at the Bathurst 12 Hours at Mount Panorama.
"It has been a goal of mine for many years to participate in the Bathurst 1000 and I'm happy to be joining one of the best teams and drivers in pit lane," they said.
"Shane and the Red Bull Holden Racing Team are the benchmark in Supercars and I look forward to supporting Shane in their 2018 championship bid."
Former series champion Van Gisbergen's previous endurance co-driver, Matt Campbell, won't return due to overseas racing commitments.
This price drop comes right on the heels of Roku announcing entirely new product lineups!
The Roku Premiere+ media streaming device is down to $78.22 on Amazon. This is a device that regularly sells at $85 on Amazon and $90 at other retailers like Walmart. This deal brings it down to the lowest price it has ever been, and Best Buy comes pretty close to matching at $80.
The Roku Premiere+ is the media streaming device you want if you're looking for the most high definition you can possibly get your streaming content. For example, if you bought a brand new 4K Ultra HD TV and need some smart functionality, this would be the device to get to take advantage of those features. While a lot of TVs like that might already come with smart features, I can promise you it won't be nearly as robust or easy-to-use as a Roku.
In addition to HD content, you also get access to the entire Roku lineup, which includes more than 4,500 streaming channels. All of the big names like Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, and Pandora are available. Both devices plug into your TV via HDMI, offer 1080p HD streaming and have an infrared remote control.
If you just want access to all the streaming Roku has to offer and don't need the extra HD content, the Roku Express is only $25 right now.
See at Amazon
More from Thrifter:
For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now!
PANAJI: The Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority (GCZMA) has approved the beach-carrying capacity report and the sand dune mapping for implementation.
The report submitted by the National Centre for Sustainable Coastal Management (NCSCM) has recommended that only 33 per cent of the beach area can be made available for erection of shacks after deducting the ecologically sensitive areas, river mouth, creeks, fishing space and buffer area at entry points.
The expert members of the GCZMA have observed that the report has recommended comprehensive guiding principles for various tourism-related activities that take place on the beach stretches which will be implemented. After due deliberation, the Authority approved the report in its 134th meeting held last month. The Authority has noted that as far as erection of temporary seasonal structures in private properties is concerned, the NCSCM guidelines will be followed while allowing permission for such activities. The NCSCM has proposed criteria for erection of shacks, huts, cottages, tents on private lands. It has stated that the applicant should possess not less than 100 square metres of land and no such structures shall be permitted in properties, which do not have road access.
The Authority has also decided to make its approval a must for water sports operators to erect water sport kiosks and temporary sheds to store water sport equipment on beaches. It has also made it mandatory for the registration of temporary beach shacks and huts put up between September and May in private properties.
The study suggests the state government to not open non-commercial beach stretches for allotment of shacks and states that the government should restrict the number of shacks as provided in the Tourism Policy 2013-16 and adopted for the year 2016-19. The report has further recommended that the beach wedding and other events in ecologically sensitive areas (ESA) should not be allowed. However, such events could be permitted in other areas including private areas based on a case-to-case basis with prior permission of the GCZMA.
The report has recommended geo-coding of all shacks and huts/tents/cottages in private areas which needs to be undertaken by the GCZMA through any expert organisation in order to monitor the area occupied by such structures.
The scientific team of NCSCM has strongly recommended that the state government identify government-owned land, private land or any other land belonging to institutions like communidade for organising events.
However, the conditions on usage of eco-friendly materials for erecting temporary structures, which were enforced on beach shacks, have remained the same for private shacks for the use of bamboos, wooden poles with thatched palm leaves, thatched bamboo mat roofing as far as possible. But in case of paucity of wood, other modern materials like synthetic, steel, nylon fabric could be used but not exceeding 30 per cent of the total material used.
The report has asked the GCZMA to consider setting up of adequately-covered transfer stations for temporary storage of solid waste near vicinity of the beaches for better management of solid waste. It has also suggested initiating an exercise for identification, mapping and evaluation of commercial areas within 200 metres in CRZ areas as well as reviewing the carrying capacity in five years.
Jacob Ingham
2016-17 Team: Mississauga Steelheads (#1)
Date of Birth: June 10, 2000
Place of Birth: Barrie, Ontario
Ht: 6'3” Wt: 181 lbs.
Position: G
NHL Draft Eligibility: 2018 first-year eligible
Rankings
NHL Central Scouting: 13th (among NA Goalies)
Future Considerations: 82nd
ISS: 2nd (among Goalies)
In 2016, the Mississauga Steelheads drafted Jacob Ingham in the second round and 26th overall in the OHL Priority Selection. Ingham, at the time, was playing for the Barrie Colts Minor Midget AAA team and had joined the OJHL's Orangeville Flyers for a couple games during the 2015-16 season.
But in 2016-17, Ingham jumped right into the mix with the Steelheads, playing 31 games for them during the regular season and collecting a 17-6-3 record with a 2.69 goals against average and .907 save percentage. While they used their rookie year to turn heads in Mississauga and around the OHL and amongst NHL scouts, their sophomore year didn't play out quite as well.
RELATED: THW's 2018 Draft Guide
They finished 16-22-2 in 43 regular season games. Their goals against average skyrocketed to 3.65, while their save percentage plummeted to .880. Opponents started finding holes in their game and their positioning just wasn't as sound as it had been in their rookie season.
They have a number of areas that they will need to bounce back in – including their ability to find pucks in front and the quickness of their glove hand, but he's the type of player that can develop in the right situation. While their 2017-18 season may have bumped them down the ranks slightly, don't expect it to hurt their overall chances when it comes to – one day – cracking an NHL roster.
Other THW Draft Profiles:
Jacob Ingham – NHL Draft Projection
With a plethora of options when it comes to positional players in this year's NHL Draft, the goaltenders will likely fall a bit on draft day. For Ingham, that could mean that they might have to wait until the third or fourth round to hear theirs named called. That said, it'll depend on how the dominos fall and how many teams are looking to draft goaltenders.
Quotables
“Ingham entered the season as one of the top draft prospects among goalies and has found a way to maintain their standing despite showing critical technical flaws in their net awareness and glove-hand positioning. The good news is that Ingham's coverage of the lower-half of the net is outstanding, and their flexibility and range of motion allow them to stop second and third chances, specifically if there's a radical directional change. The width of their butterfly flare looks appealing, and Ingham's feet appear to be planted and set when squaring themselves to the shooter. Unfortunately, their glove hand is not quick enough for it to be positioned as low as they keep it, especially when couched low and deep inside the crease.” – Dobber Prospects
“Something happened to the technique we saw a season ago. The opposition was able to exploit differences in their game. Where they had previously played big in their crease, they were being beaten up high. While they are very athletic, their post-to-post movement seemed to have changed and they would get caught “cheating” off the short side post. Ingham's ability to fight through traffic also appeared to take a step back. They had trouble finding the puck in battles out front and that would leave the bottom of the cage exposed as they tried to fight for sight of the puck….Ingham is very athletic. They get out to the top of the paint quickly. Their post-to-post movement is also very quick. They have shown an ability to control their rebounds. Their glove hand could use some improvement. With Ingham, it will come down to coaching. They have an excellent work ethic and there is no doubt they will put in all the work required. It will come down to working on and tweaking their technique.” – Dominic Tiano/OHL Writers
Strengths
Post-to-post movement
Size and athleticism
Under Construction (Improvements to Make)
Glove hand
Visibility in battles
Quickness
NHL Potential
At the beginning of the 2017-18 season, Ingham was considered one of the better goaltending prospects. However, they showed a number of weaknesses over the past year which could make it even harder for them to land a spot in the NHL within the next five years. That said, they are willing to learn and put the work in which could be beneficial in the right hands. If nothing else, they should make for a good glorified backup one day.
Risk-Reward Analysis
Risk – 4/5, Reward – 3/5
Fantasy Hockey Potential
Goaltending – 6.5/10
Awards/Achievements
While they didn't do much to add to their career achievements this past season, Ingham did turn heads in 2016-17 when they were named to the OHL's First All-Rookie Team. They were also a part of the silver-medal-winning Canadian team at the U17 World Hockey Championship that year – playing five games and posting a 2.15 goals against average and .927 save percentage.
Interview/Profile Links
Videos
Damon Grimes (Photo: Courtesy of Fieger Law)
Detroit – A federal judge Friday ordered the Michigan State Police to preserve evidence related to the fatal incident in which a state trooper used a stun gun on a 15-year-old ATV driver.
U.S. District Judge Gershwin Drain issued the order following a request from the teenager's family, which was prompted by a Detroit News story detailing an investigation into a state police sergeant who reportedly discarded one of the Taser wires used in the incident.
The judge, however, did not schedule a hearing that likely would have disclosed evidence gathered during the ongoing investigation.
Damon Grimes died Aug. 26 after an encounter with a two-person Michigan State Police unit. State police officials said Grimes did not obey an order to stop driving their ATV illegally in the street, and that Trooper Mark Bessner used their Taser on him.
Grimes reportedly crashed into a parked flatbed and died from blunt-force head trauma.
Four days later, Grimes family attorney Geoffrey Fieger filed a $50 million lawsuit against Bessner.
State police suspended Bessner because they allegedly deployed their stun gun from inside a moving vehicle. They later resigned. Two other state troopers have been suspended in connection with the incident.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xZJeb0
With recent eurozone headlines, weekly Trump surprises, a rising US rate environment, and March 2019's Brexit deadline, it is clear that financial markets as a whole have a fair amount to deal with.
As we look at bond markets, however, where fixed income securities have seen a 10-year bull-run in credit valuation, the question on everyone's lips is whether the market is sufficiently, structurally prepared for a sell-off.
It...
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India likely retained the position of world's fastest growing major economy in the January-March quarter, surpassing China's growth of 6.8 percent, driven by gains in manufacturing and consumer spending.
FILE PHOTO: Employees work on an assembly line of Hero Motocorp during a media tour to the newly opened plant in Neemrana, in the desert Indian state of Rajasthan, October 20, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee/File Photo
The median in a Reuters poll on the latest quarter's annual growth INGDPQ=ECI was 7.3 percent, the best pace since July-September 2016, the quarter before the government unexpectedly scrapped high-value currency notes.
Forecasts for January-March ranged from 6.9 to 7.7 percent.
The government will release GDP data on Thursday around 1200 GMT. On Monday, Economic Affairs Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg said growth in Asia's third largest economy was expected to grow 7.3-7.5 percent.
The data, combined with April's higher annual inflation pace of 4.58 percent, could put pressure on the Reserve Bank of India to raise interest rates next week after keeping them on hold for a fourth straight meeting last month.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is expected to seek a second term in 2019 general elections, has launched a nation-wide goods and services tax and allowed foreign investment in defence and e-commerce businesses to boost economic growth.
However, a botched implementation of the GST nearly scuttled India's growth prospects in the near term.
Economists said a rise in capital investment growth to near 9 percent in the last quarter of the 2017/18 fiscal year compared with 2.4 percent a year earlier indicated a pick-up in the private investments.
Yet banking credit, a main source for corporate borrowing, remained weak following a surge in bad loans, as banks have been reluctant to extend new loans. The 21 state lenders hold two-thirds of banking assets, and accounted for the bulk of the record $150 billion of soured loans in the banking sector in 2017.
Consumption, which accounts for nearly 70 percent of the $2.5 trillion economy likely remained firm, supporting economic growth as reflected in the higher sales of consumer durables and vehicles.
“Corporate sector results and the industrial production readings have been better than expected. Hence, the industrial sector could pull the GDP growth number up,” said Tushar Arora, senior economist with HDFC Bank.
Growth is likely to get a boost from monsoon rains, which hit the southern state of Kerala a few days earlier than normal, potentially brightening the outlook for agricultural output.
RISING OIL PRICES
The biggest risk India faces is rising crude oil prices LCOc1, which this month hit $80 a barrel, their highest since 2014.
India meets 80 percent of its oil needs from imports.
Prices of diesel and petrol surged to a record high last week, stoking opposition criticism of Modi's administration.
Higher oil prices have already pressured the rupee INR=, near a record low last week and Asia's worst performer.
“Rising oil prices can weigh on the consumer demand and lead to higher borrowing costs for the government,” Arora of HDFC Bank said.
The government's Economic Survey, issued in January, estimated that every $10 per barrel rise in global oil prices cuts growth by 0.2-0.3 percentage points.
Still, some analysts expect India's economy to grow more than 7 percent in 2018/19, helped by a normal monsoon and a pick-up in private investment.
The International Monetary Fund expects economic growth could reach 7.4 percent in 2018/19.
An Indian Finance Ministry official told CNBC on Monday that estimated growth in the last fiscal year, which ended on March 31, was 6.7 percent, below 2016/17's pace of 7.1 percent.
VALPOI: Rajya Sabha member and BJP state president, Vinay Tendulkar on Saturday said that the impending defeat of the Congress Party in the forthcoming bypoll at Valpoi is very clear with a large number of people joining the door-to-door campaign of BJP candidate Vishwajit Rane.
Tendulkar along with state general secretary Sadanand Tanawade and other local BJP leaders including former BJP MLA Narhari Haldankar, Satyavijay Naik, Valpoi Municipal Council, chairperson Parvin Shaikh, sarpanch and panch members from Valpoi constituency addressed a press conference at Rane's office at Valpoi. Turning down rumors that some BJP workers are not supporting Vishwajit Rane, Tendulkar said that the party's old and new cadres are working together to register victory of their candidate in Valpoi. “BJP will get a lead which no other candidate has ever got in this constituency”, they said.
Meanwhile, Sadanand Tanavade came down heavily on the Congress candidate Roy Naik and said that Naik is campaigning by importing people from other constituencies.
“People from Valpoi constituency are campaigning for Vishwajit as they have done a lot of development for Valpoi. Vishwajit's primary aim is to create employment opportunities for youth in Valpoi”, they said.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Five people were wounded, including a student shot in the head, when a gun went off in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday, and a 12-year-old girl was taken into custody, police said.
The girl, whose name was not released, was booked at a juvenile detention facility on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm, said Officer Tony Im of the Los Angeles Police Department.
Im declined to say if investigators believed the girl deliberately opened fire at Sal Castro Middle School near the city's downtown district. Mayor Eric Garcetti told local KABC-TV at the scene that it was unclear if the shooting was accidental.
“We're unclear whether a gun went off or if it was an intentional shooting,” Garcetti said. “Luckily there are no fatalities or serious injuries.”
Two students were hit directly by gunfire and three other victims were hit by shrapnel, police said.
A 15-year-old boy was hit by gunfire in the left temple and was rushed to hospital, where they were alert and talking when they arrived, said Dr. Carl Chudnofsky, head of emergency medicine at Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center.
They had no damage to “vital structures,” doctors said at a news conference, adding they were cautiously optimistic they would survive.
A 15-year-old girl was hit in the wrist and was in stable condition, Los Angeles Police Department spokesperson Wendy Reyes said.
The three people with slight injuries from shrapnel ranged in age from 11 to 30 years old, Los Angeles Fire Department spokesperson Erik Scott said.
Authorities said they were trying to determine how the gun was brought on campus. The incident triggered a lockdown of the campus and a neighboring high school. Parents swarmed the area seeking to be re-united with their children.
“As a parent, this is everyone's worst-case nightmare,” Los Angeles Police Department deputy chief Robert Arcos said at a news conference.
The shooting, which took place in an elective class with children of different ages, was the latest outbreak of gun violence at a U.S. school.
Between 2000 and 2013, nearly 17 percent of so-called 160 active shooter incidents in the United States were in elementary, middle or high schools, according to a Federal Bureau of Investigation report. An active shooter is defined as a person trying shoot to death people in a confined area.
Department spokesperson Tony Im said in a telephone call.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Russia has unveiled its first fleet of supersonic stealth fighter jets which are so advanced that they appear INVISIBLE to enemies.
The Sukhoi-57 is said to rival the American F-22 and Chinese Chengdu J-20 and Shenyang J-31 combat planes.
The country's air force chief Viktor Bondarev told Russian defence TV channel Zvezda Russia's first fifth-generation fighter jet will be known as the Su-57.
The aircraft was dubbed ‘PAK FA' and ‘T-50' during development.
Mr Bondarev told Zvezda: " The decision has been taken, the plane has been christened. Su-57 is what we are going to call it now," the Tass agency reported.
(Image: TACC/Russia Insider)
(Image: TASS)
Following its unveiling, the planes have another year of testing before a planned introduction to military service in 2019, its manufacturers said.
An advanced Su-57 will perform later this year, it has been claimed.
According to Russian military experts, the fighter jets will be cheaper to make compared to the US F-22 with costs thought to be below $156 million (£120m).
However, the US Air Force has previously said each F-22 will cost $143 million (£110m) to make.
Russian media reported in 2015 the planes can cruise at maximum speeds of 2,600km per hour at an altitude of up to 20km.
(Image: TACC/Russia Insider)
(Image: TASS)
The Su-57, which made its maiden flight in 2010, will reportedly fly armed with K-77M missiles which can strike targets up to 200km away.
And while it can be used as a powerful weapon, the stealth jets, although not invisible, will also appear difficult for enemy radars to track.
Mr Bondarev, who described the jets as a "wonderful machine" at an aviation expo last month, said: “Every country probably wants planes such as this, and we have them."
According to reports, Russia's military originally ordered 52 jets but will now receive 12 after being hit by production delays.
Months after a spate of sexual assault and harassment allegations emerged against Harvey Weinstein, the film producer's business, the Weinstein Company, has filed for bankruptcy. Weinstein has previously apologized for behaving in a way that caused their colleagues pain, though has said via a spokesperson that "any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied". According to the BBC, in filing for bankruptcy, the Weinstein Company also said that it would release any survivors of alleged sexual misconduct from any non-disclosure deals that prohibited them from speaking on the issue.
The BBC reported that the once highly successful film company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Monday. The company also struck a deal with a private equity firm, which will purchase its assets if the deal is approved in court.
A statement released by company chairperson Bob Weinstein noted that it was pleased with the outcome:
While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court, the board is pleased to have a plan for maximising the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims ...
The Company also elaborated on its decision to release individuals from non-disclosure agreements, saying that it constitutes, "an important step toward justice for any victims who have been silenced by Harvey Weinstein." The Company also added that it hopes that the removal of the non-disclosure agreements will empower people to speak out about their experiences, if they so choose:
... Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers. Effective immediately, those ‘agreements' end ... No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world.
According to the New York Times, ending the company's non-disclosure agreements has long been advocated by the New York State Attorney General, Eric Schneiderman, who filed a civil rights lawsuit against the company back in February. Upon the company's announcement that it would be ending the non-disclosure agreements, Schneiderman released a statement, saying:
This is a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace. The Weinstein Company's agreement to release victims of and witnesses to sexual misconduct from non-disclosure agreements -- which my office has sought throughout this investigation and litigation -- will finally enable voices that have for too long been muzzled to be heard.
Schneiderman also indicated in their statement that their office will continue to move forward with its civil rights lawsuit against the company. The lawsuit alleges that the Weinstein Company violated New York's "civil rights, human rights and business laws," according to Lorena Blas of USA Today.
Beyond the company's legal issues, Weinstein is also facing a host of individual legal challenges. As the New York Times reported, the producer is facing several civil suits, including one in which they are being sued for alleged sex trafficking. Weinstein has denied these allegations. The Times also reported that the producer is the subject of possible criminal cases in three different cities: New York, Los Angeles and London.
The Los Angeles Times reported that it is unclear how long the entire bankruptcy process will take. However, Jack Tracy, a legal analyst for Debtwire, a bankruptcy information service, noted to the outlet that it would be in the company's best interest to move the process forward as rapidly as possible. "The longer this takes, the more the pressure's going to build from their creditors, the more lawsuits will be filed," Tracy told the paper.
Welcome back, Brandon Marshall, Von Miller, Emmanuel Sanders and Darian Stewart.
Sunday marked the fifth day of the new league year, which is when 2018 guaranteed salaries kicked in for four key Broncos.
Marshall's $5 million salary became fully guaranteed and Miller's $9 million salary became fully guaranteed, according to KUSA-TV's Mike Klis.
Stewart's $4.5 million salary became fully guaranteed and Sanders saw $6.9 million of their $8.25 million salary become guaranteed, also according to Klis. That means those four players are locked in for 2018.
There were rumors earlier this offseason that Denver considered trading Marshall, Sanders and Stewart, but it looks those rumors were merely speculation. There was no question that Miller would return.
The Broncos also picked up the options for cornerback Chris Harris and wide receiver Demaryius Thomas this offseason. So new quarterback Case Keenum will still have the team's 2017 core to work with.
Denver probably wouldn't have been able to bring all of these players back if they had paid Kirk Cousins $28 million per season.
Former Manchester City youth team skipper Ben Mee returns to the Etihad Stadium tomorrow as a "more rounded professional" according to Sean Dyche.
The 27-year-old led City to FA Youth Cup success in 2008, alongside Kieran Trippier, didn't graduate to the first team at their boyhood club, but joined the Clarets in the summer of 2011, and made their 200th appearance on New Year's Eve in the 4-1 win over Sunderland.
Two seasons ago, in their first taste of Premier League football, Mee was predominantly used at left back, bar the 3-3 draw at Newcastle on New Year's Day, after injury to Jason Shackell and Kevin Long.
But after moving inside just over a year ago, Mee has gone on to make the position their own at Burnley, and they have taken the step up in their stride.
Boss Dyche said: "He's going along nicely. He's enjoying playing centre half, deep down I've always known they were a centre half, but they were doing such a solid job at left back, more or less since I got here.
"He had one spell two years ago when they came out and went back in, and finished the Premier League season very strong, at left back.
"We made a decision last year to change it, and he's never looked back.
"He's done a good job.
"I think he's adapted well, and it's tough, you're often marking the best players or one of, and that's a challenger in itself."
Mee stepped in as captain in Tom Heaton's absence recently, including the 2-1 home defeat against City, and Dyche feels their leadership qualities are coming to the fore whether they have the armband or not: "He's a quiet leader, he's not overly forceful with it, its the way they go about their business on a daily basis and their performances, and there's an assured manner about him.
"That's definitely something that he's matured with, right in front of your eyes, he's become a more rounded professional and taken that on to performances as well."
Centre back partner Michael Keane, who came through the ranks across Manchester with United, is also leading by example: "There's been an obvious progression with them as well. Some of that is down to natural maturation, time, mental and physical, and some is down to the players around them and the staff and what we add to their journeys and both are on very good journeys.
"Kevin Long and Tarky just behind them as well, they're very good players, and it's hard for them at the moment because the two lads have done very well.
"But I think they are developing very strong careers for Burnley themselves. You don't see that because you haven't seen that on the pitch."
Tarkowski signed from Brentford 12 months ago for £3m, but has started only two games, and Dyche added: "Tarky was a realist when they got here, we were going very well when they came here and they wanted the bigger picture challenge, not just the immediate challenge - they signed a contract for a number of years, building into a career at Burnley Football Club, and that's how you have to look at it, while not physically playing.
"But they're terrific professionals and we've got a great group here, very strong professionals who understand their challenge and the challenge."
Months after the death of Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhino, scientists said Wednesday they have grown embryos containing DNA of their kind, hoping to save the subspecies from extinction.
With only two northern white rhino (NWR) known to be alive today — both infertile females — the team hopes their breakthrough technique will lead to the re-establishment of a viable NWR breeding population.
“Our goal is to have in three years the first NWR calf born,” Thomas Hildebrandt, head of reproduction management at the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin, told journalists of the work.
“Taking into account 16 months (of) pregnancy, we have a little more than a year to have a successful implantation.”
The team's work, using a recently-patented, two-metre (6.6-foot) egg extraction device, resulted in the first-ever test tube-produced rhino embryos.
Now frozen, these “have a very high chance to establish a pregnancy once implanted into a surrogate mother,” said Hildebrandt.
The hybrid embryos were created with frozen sperm from dead NWR males and the eggs of southern white rhino (SWR) females, of which there are thousands left on Earth.
The eggs were harvested from rhinos in European zoos.
The team now hopes to use the technique to collect eggs from the last two northern white rhinos — Najin and Fatu, the daughter and granddaughter of Sudan. They live in a Kenyan national park.
– Risk and reward –
By fertilising these with northern white rhino sperm and implanting the resulting embryos in surrogate southern white rhino females, the team intends to create a new, fledgling NWR population.
“Our results indicate that ART (assisted reproduction techniques) could be a viable strategy to rescue genes from the iconic, almost extinct, northern white rhinoceros,” the team wrote in the journal Nature Communications.
The researchers have sought permission to harvest eggs from Najin and Fatu in Kenya, hopefully before the end of the year.
But the procedure is not without risk: “we have to do a full anaesthesia, the animal is down for two hours, and it is quite a risky situation” for the last two of their kind, conceded Hildebrandt.
“We are highly afraid something unexpected would happen, that would be a nightmare.”
In the meantime, the team will practice, implanting some of their hybrid embryos into SWR surrogates “to test the system”.
Any hybrids born as a result may play a crucial future role as surrogates, sharing more genes with northern rhinos than purely southern surrogates.
There is, however, a key obstacle to the team's envisaged NWR repopulation.
With only two NWR females left and all the available semen from only four dead males, ART alone would likely lead to a population without the genetic diversity required for a species to thrive.
– Can it work? –
To this end, the researchers hope to use stem cell technology to engineer eggs and sperm from the frozen skin cells of 12 dead northern white rhinos, unrelated to one another.
“This would enlarge the founding diversity of the future NWR population substantially,” the team said in a statement.
There is time pressure, they pointed out, with only two animals still around to socialise the babies in the mysterious ways of northern white rhinos.
“It is a motivating aspect to succeed as soon a possible so the calf that we produce can grow up with Najin and Fatu,” said Hildebrandt.
Terri Roth and William Swanson of the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden, in a comment on the study, said ART alone cannot save a species from extinction.
“Impressive results in a Petri dish don't easily translate into a herd of healthy offspring,” wrote the duo, not involved in the research.
“Achieving the latter requires navigating an untrodden path fraught with obstacles, and it remains unlikely that a viable population of northern white rhinos will be restored.”
For the researchers, however, a combination of ART and stem cell techniques, could “provide a blueprint on how to save highly endangered species that have already dwindled to numbers that make conventional conservation efforts impossible.” DM
From the last Morning Jolt of the week:
Gillespie: “Virginia's top personal income tax rate kicks in at $17,000 a year. Ralph Northam thinks that makes you rich. Maybe that's why he's never voted for a tax cut. My plan cuts taxes for all Virginians increasing take-home pay for the average family by nearly 1300 dollars and creating 53,000 good-paying jobs with a stronger economy. We can invest more in our schools and increase teacher pay. I'm Ed Gillespie, candidate for governor, and I sponsored this ad.”
Northam's comment that $17,000 in income makes you rich stems from this exchange at their debate September 19:
NORTHAM: This plan, ladies and gentlemen, that you just heard is a tax cut for the rich at the expense of the working class and you look to no further than Kansas to see exactly what a plan such as this would do. It almost bankrupts them. They actually had to turn around and raise taxes. It put schools in jeopardy. They went from a five day week to a four day week. Let me tell you what we need to do in Virginia. We need to invest in Virginia. Because when we invest in Virginia we can beat, as I said earlier, any other state….
Northam went on to call for more transportation spending and education spending. Gillespie responded:
GILLESPIE: This is really important. This is very important. First of all, Ralph says these are tax cuts for the rich. These are tax cuts for all Virginians. And the fact is, if you paid $7,000 in taxes under current law under my plan, when fully implemented responsibly phased in over three years, you would have $700 less in tax burden that you could spend as you see fit for your family. Virginians need that tax relief. Tax cut for the rich – The top rate in Virginia, 5.75 percent kicks in at an income level of $17,000 a year. I didn't say $70,000 I said $17,000. And my opponent thinks your rich and that's just flat wrong.
California is trying to avert disaster at the tallest dam in the United States. With the possibility of more rain on the way, engineers are working as quickly as possible while evacuees are uncertain when they will be able to return home.
The second season of The Handmaid's Tale has arrived on television and it is not for the faint-hearted.
The original season was based on Margaret Atwood's celebrated feminist novel of the same name but this new season continues the story beyond the end of the book and after watching the first two episodes viewers are branding it ‘torture porn.'
The first episode sees gagged women urinating on themselves as they are forced to line up in front of nooses and face death. They are brutalised, electrocuted with cattle prods, threatened with dogs, and in one case one handmaid has their hands chained to a stove and their hands burned.
In several reviews, critics talk of the season's continuing violence against women and their bodies and now viewers are catching up to that fact and describing it as ‘torture porn.'
I finished the first season of handmaids tale and it was good, now I'm on s2 and……I didn't sign up for all this torture porn I'm out — Adelisa (@posppana) May 29, 2018
Channel 4 The Handmaid's Tale. Second series is a huge disappointment. Repetition of misogynistic violence to women unnecessary- we got that in the excellent first series. I'm out. #tortureporn — Pat Keegan Poels (@PatKeegan21) May 27, 2018
“Second series is a huge disappointment, repetition of misogynistic violence to women unnecessary,” one viewer tweeted. “I'm out. #tortureporn.”
“The Handmaids Tale is a great show but it's now starting to whiff of a little torture porn,” another viewer wrote.
The Handmaids Tale is a great show but it's now starting to whiff of a little torture porn. @HandmaidsOnHulu — 'Tom Wilson' (@tombasswilson) May 26, 2018
I know that this is incredibly pathetic but I really wish I could watch a slightly edited cert-15 version of Handmaid's Tale with some of the violence omitted. I honestly can't watch it as is anymore. — Rebecca Reid (@RebeccaCNReid) May 29, 2018
Showrunner Bruce Miller excuses the violence but saying it is based on real-life torture of women in the real world, from Taliban oppression to female genital mutilation.
“We don't make up some kind of cruelty, I don't want to do that. I hate that,” they said. “It's hard because these are things that are happening in the real world. We're not making them up. But showing them, you do carry some responsibility. The last thing you want to be making is torture porn.”
Scenes of gratuitous violence against women on screen are obviously vile and unnecessary. So it was all more depressing to see them in a 'feminist' TV show like The Handmaid's Tale last night. First half an hour nigh-on unwatchable. — Jessie Thompson (@jessiecath) May 21, 2018
I lasted 20 minutes into first episode of Handmaid's Tale season 2. After shackled pregnant woman and handmaid burned on stove. So much lingering on women's distress and pain. Beyond credible dystopia into the cruelest misogyny. I think I'm out. — Janice Turner (@VictoriaPeckham) May 28, 2018
Elisabeth Moss, who is also an executive producer on the show, claims they made efforts to stop the violence from being too gratuitous.
“When we've told the story that we needed to tell,” they told USA Today. “There's a very dark scene later on in the season, and it was cut down a little bit because it didn't need to be gratuitous.
“We're not trying to pound anything down anyone's throats.”
It seems a lot of viewers would beg to differ.
READ MORE
Why ‘Solo' is considered ‘Star War's' first failure
Will ‘Solo' effect Jon Favreau's ‘Star Wars' TV show?
Is Billy Dee Williams training for a ‘Star Wars: Episode 9' return?
Mechanisms found to explain atypical femoral fractures
Donnelly Research Lab/Provided
There is no disputing that the use of bisphosphonates – with brand names such as Fosamax, Boniva and Reclast – is proven to combat bone loss and fragility fractures in millions of osteoporosis patients for whom a fracture could be debilitating, even life-threatening.
But there is a caveat: Prolonged use of these drugs can alter the composition of bone, making it more brittle and more susceptible to a rare but serious form of fracture. And a group led by Eve Donnelly, assistant professor and Dale R. Corson Sesquicentennial Faculty Fellow in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE), has put forth a couple of possible explanations for this phenomenon.
Them group – in collaboration with researchers from Weill Cornell Medicine and the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York, among others – detail their findings in “Atypical Fracture with Long-Term Bisphosphonate Therapy is Associated with Altered Cortical Composition and Reduced Fracture Resistance,” published July 31 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Ashley Lloyd, doctoral student in MSE, was lead author.
Modern medicine and attention to healthier lifestyles has contributed to people living into their 80s, 90s and beyond. Some estimates say that by 2050, the number of U.S. residents age 65 and older will be near 84 million, nearly double the 2012 total.
But that has also made more people – especially mail carriersopausal women – vulnerable to conditions such as osteoporosis, a loss of bone tissue due in part to hormonal changes.
“Because of the changing demographics of our country,” Donnelly said, “the Surgeon General's office estimates that by the year 2020, half of our population over age 50 will either have or be at risk for fractures from osteoporosis.”
It's been known for some time that prolonged use of bisphosphonates can put people at risk for atypical femoral fracture (AFF), a break in the shaft of the femur that can occur as a result of little or no trauma. The Donnelly group set out to understand the link between the drugs and AFF.
For this study, the team examined biopsies of cortical bone – the outer layer – from the shaft of the femur obtained from mail carriersopausal women during fracture repair surgery. Analysis of bone samples was conducted at the Cornell Center for Materials Research and with collaborating labs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf.
The participants were placed in five groups, based on fracture type and bisphosphonate use. Some of the women in the study had used bisphosphonates for more than eight years.
The testing pointed to a couple of contributing factors: Bisphosphonate-treated women with AFF had bone that was harder and more mineralized than bisphosphonate-treated women with typical osteoporotic fractures. Donnelly said this is due to bisphosphonates' main function: slowing the resorption (shedding) of old bone, which is typically followed by remodeling, the growth of new bone. In healthy adults, cortical bone is constantly being resurfaced, such that the entire adult skeleton is overhauled every 10 years or so.
But that resurfacing process begins with resorption, and if resorption is slowed by bisphosphonates, the remodeling process is also affected. The result: The existing bone ages and gets brittle over time.
“It's kind of a double-edged sword,” Donnelly said. “It's extremely good to prevent bone loss, but the drugs will also slow this natural process, which allows turnover.”
The other unforeseen side effect to long-term bisphosphonate use involves crack-deflection – the resurfaced bone's ability to stop a microscopic crack from propagating, which can lead to a break. New layers of bone can act as a “firewall” of sorts, stopping a crack from spreading, but mineralized, older bone loses that function.
“Bone usually has natural variability in mineralization within the tissue, which may help to deflect cracks,” Donnelly said. “As you increase the mineralization, you may tend to lose that natural variation.”
The Food and Drug Administration is now recommending patients use bisphosphonates for three to five years, followed by reassessment of their risk. Donnelly makes it clear that their study is not proposing doing away with bisphosphonate treatment. Studies have estimated the risk of AFF among bisphosphonate users at between one and 10 in 10,000, and have shown the benefit of bisphosphonates continues to far outweigh the risk of AFFs.
One study, published in 2011 on pubmed.gov, estimated that for each reduction of 100 typical hip fractures associated with bisphosphonate use, there was an increase of one AFF.
“That's one of the cautions I'd like to impart,” Donnelly said. “What we have observed is really the result of long-term treatment, well beyond what the FDA is recommending for these drugs now. Our work explains some of the underlying mechanisms of AFFs and can inform the refinement of dosing schedules for patients at risk of fragility fractures.”
Among the collaborators were Dr. Joseph M. Lane and Dr. Dean G. Lorich, orthopedic surgeons at Weill Cornell Medicine and at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York.
This work was supported by grants from the National Science Foundation and the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
CAIRO—In defiance of a court ruling, Egypt's parliament voted on Wednesday to ratify a disputed 2016 agreement that would transfer two strategic Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.The vote, in which lawmakers in favour were asked to stand up, came shortly after the 596-seat chamber opened a debate on the pact earlier in the day. The outcome was a foregone conclusion since the legislature is packed with supporters of President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, whose government signed the deal when Saudi King Salman visited last year.The vote and the uncustomary speed with which the house processed the agreement are likely to spark protests by Egyptians opposed to the deal, as well as lead to potentially destabilizing legal battles between the legislative branch of government and the judiciary after a court ruled against the islands transfer in January.Read more:Egypt arrests 12 protesting transfer of Red Sea islands to SaudisLawmakers who back the deal have insisted that only parliament has the right to ratify international agreements.Article Continued Below“The ruling by the highest administrative court annulling the agreement makes parliament's discussion and ratification of the agreement invalid,” said Raafat Fouda, a constitutional law professor at Cairo University.Police and opponents of the deal clashed late Tuesday in downtown Cairo, with police officers kicking, punching and using sticks to beat several dozen protesters outside the national journalists' union. An unspecified number of arrests were made and eight protesters remained in police custody on Wednesday, according to defence lawyers.After the agreement was first announced in 2016, Egypt saw the largest anti-government protests since el-Sissi took office in 2014. Hundreds of demonstrators and activists were arrested, with later released.
NEW YORK, Aug 13 (APP): A leading Muslim civil rights and advocacy
organization has condemned an apparent terror attack on Saturday against anti-racist protesters at a gathering of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), and other racists in the city of Charlottesville in the U.S. State of Virginia.
(Reuters) - Wall Street extended losses on Friday after a round of weak earnings and on the back of robust payrolls data that sent the 10-year Treasury bond yield to its highest level in four years, vexing all three major U.S. stock indexes.
The Dow Jones industrial average was down 554 points or 2.12 percent, on track for its biggest fall since June 27 2016, an hour before the close. The S&P 500 was off 1.8 percent heading for its biggest fall since Sept. 9, 2016. The Nasdaq down almost 1.6 percent.
COMMENTS:
PETER COSTA, PRESIDENT, EMPIRE EXECUTIONS INC, NEW YORK, NEW YORK
“If you look at yields on a minute by minute basis the market does the opposite. It's more a correlation to yields than anything else, that in combination with the strong jobs report. The potential for a rate hike in March is probably around 90 percent. I think they're strongly looking at doing something very soon.”
“I think you're looking at inflation pressure and we're going to start seeing more of it. It has to do with wage inflation.”
MICHAEL O‘ROURKE, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, JONESTRADING, GREENWICH, CONNECTICUT
“The key thing is Treasury yields keep rising, and they hit a new high here this afternoon. They tried to pull back around 12:30 and when that didn't work, they started rallying again,” .
“We had good economic in the jobs report this morning and that's just another reason rates should be going up.”
“One of the key mantras of the bull market has been stocks are inexpensive relative to bonds, and bonds are getting cheaper, especially at these highs. So people are taking profits and they probably should be.”
KEITH LERNER, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST, SUNTRUST ADVISORY SERVICES, ATLANTA
“In the big picture, we had a great January. A huge amount of money came into the market. The sentiment was getting a little frothy, and we were developing some complacency in the market. Now that complacency is coming out of the market. The catalyst is the employment report. Also, right now, the market is recalibrating to a greater Treasury level than it's used to.
“The Treasury yields are becoming more competitive with the stock market. Why yields are higher: it's a better economy, there are good corporate profits, there's more sales growth, more money to spend.”
DENNIS DICK, HEAD OF MARKETS STRUCTURE, BRIGHT TRADING LLC, VEGAS
“There's a little bit of panic here today. It could be the start of something bigger.”
“We've seen a pattern develop in a lot of stocks, companies getting sold off on their earnings reports.”
“Everything is an excuse to take profits right now. Its money managers riding this wave for a long time take chips off the table.”
ART HOGAN, CHIEF MARKET STRATEGIST AT WUNDERLICH SECURITIES IN NEW YORK
“It's Friday, once this heads in a direction nobody is going to get in the way. Unfortunately big numbers look much bigger when we haven't seen them in a year. What is really interesting is down 500 points was the crash of 1987. That was 22 percent, so it's hard to keep that in context.
TRACIE MCMILLION, HEAD OF GLOBAL ASSET ALLOCATION STRATEGY, WELLS FARGO INVESTMENT INSTITUTE, WINSTON-SALEM, NORTH CAROLINA
“We've had a really good year, but you can't continue at this pace. It may sound a little clichéd, but the weakness here is very welcome. I'd be more concerned if we went day after day without any of kind of pullback. It's good to see a little bit of caution come back into the market. But we don't see anything that's going to cause a significant bear market. If it's a 3.5 percent smooth down week, we'd be buyers. I think it's still a ‘buy the dips' kind of market.”
CHUCK CARLSON, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HORIZON INVESTMENT SERVICES, HAMMOND, INDIANA
“You had some bellwether stocks (Apple and Alphabet) that maybe had earnings that were a little disappointing that could have given this a little bit of a negative tone.”
“My sense is people are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks. The 10-year has really escalated here pretty sharply in terms of the yield. You are getting closer to that 3 percent 10-year rate that a lot of people think is going to be a significant development for the market.”
“You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now.”
PETER KENNY, SENIOR MARKET STRATEGIST, GLOBAL MARKETS ADVISORY GROUP, NEW YORK
“That is definitely the touchstone -- the fact that the 10-year yield has really moved so substantially higher in such a short period of time and that it is finally reflecting monetary policy. That there is a real link between the way markets are pricing interest rates and inflation and Fed monetary policy is a big deal because we really haven't seen that in quite some time.
”Frankly it's not a familiar feeling for investors because we haven't had it in a while. The big pop in the yield on the 10-year, coupled with the data that came out of the Atlanta Fed which spoke to the potential of a first quarter GDP number in the 5.4 percent area, which was so far outside the bell curve in terms of investor expectation and our most recent fourth quarter data, it was a bit of a jolt to the markets.
MARKET REACTION:
BONDS: The 2- US2YT=RR Treasury note yield eased to 2.1534 percent, while the 10-year US10YT=RR bond yield rose to 2.8540 percent, the highest since January 23, 2014.
FOREX: The dollar index .DXY was up 0.6 percent
VIX: The Cboe volatility index hit its highest since Nov. 2016, and was last at 17.6
PYEONGCHANG, Korea, Republic Of — The International Olympic Committee says it will review the cases of 15 Russian athletes ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in the light of a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said Saturday: "Those 15 names will be given to the invitation review panel."
Adams said "our decision will come before the games start (on Friday)" and that "we reserve our right to review and appeal the CAS decision."
The CAS ruling on Thursday overturned the doping bans on 28 Russian athletes, citing insufficient evidence. Russia said it wants to send 15 of the 28 to Pyeongchang, including gold medal-winning skeleton slider Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medallist Alexander Legkov.
Negative Nellies never turn down a chance to look on the dark side. Especially a certain segment of fans.
Case in point: Tuesday night.
The last-place Rangers were facing the first-place Astros at Globe Life Park. The Astros won 5-3 after building a five-run lead in the third inning. Nothing out of the ordinary here.
There are positive trends, statistical records and streaks, however, that remain a joy to witness, even if your team stinks.
Positive notations, perhaps shared on Twitter, about Rangers manager Jeff Banister being on the verge of their career 300th win, which will make them the fastest to get there in club history, are often met with an unnecessary reminder from some that the team isn't good this year. Thanks for the newsflash!
Those same people like to make this point whenever Shin-Soo Choo's on-base streak is mentioned. He's at 43 games, by the way, after collecting two walks and two singles. Choo has been on base 96 times in 43 games since their streak began. No matter how many games the Rangers have lost, that's fun to watch.
And finally, even these Debbie Downers are smart enough to bite their tongues when Adrian Beltre's bona fides are reported. Beltre collected career hit No. 3,108, two shy of No. 20 Dave Winfield on the all-time list. Eight more hits and Beltre will pass Alex Rodriguez for No. 19 all-time. Now that is something to be happy about.
Five bits from Tuesday's 5-3 loss:
1. Gallo's long at-bat — It wasn't a 400-foot home run but it was fun to watch just the same. Joey Gallo's 12-pitch walk in the eighth inning was an impressive feat, especially considering the Astros' Hector Rondon was zipping fastball after fastball 99 mph and higher to the plate. Gallo fouled off eight pitches, including five consecutive pitches with two runners on and two outs and Texas trailing 5-3.
"It's obviously tough sitting on the bench all game and then facing 100 [mph]. I was just trying to put together the best at-bat I could," Gallo said. "I just didn't want ot sell out and try to hit one to the moon and swing at a bad pitch and be out. I just wanted to stay in my zone. It might have looked like I was swinging for the fences but I wasn't. I was trying just trying to fight, especially against a guy like that."
It's the most pitches Gallo has seen in a plate appearance, surpassing an 11-pitch walk against the Rays' Jose De Leon on May 29, 2017.
The only Rangers' player to see more pitches this season is Hanser Alberto's 13-pitch walk on May 30 in Seattle.
2. Barnette update — Right-hander Tony Barnette left the game in the eighth with a right shoulder strain. With one out and no one on in the inning, Barnette felt a tug in their right shoulder on the first pitch to Marwin Gonzalez. They tried to ignore the pain but after two more pitches they knew something was wrong. They walked off the mound in the direction of the Rangers' dugout as trainers and manager Jeff Banister quickly rushed to him. He'll be reevaluated on Wednesday and have an MRI.
"I didn't want to believe it," Barnette said. "I threw the third pitch and that's when I went to the dugout. It was a pretty quick pin prick."
They don't believe the right shoulder inflammation that put them on the disabled list earlier in the season is related.
"I've felt fantastic for the last few weeks ever since we treated that issue. I don't believe it is related but I'm not a doctor," said Barnette, whose never felt pain in this particular part of the shoulder.
"Of course it's concerning any time you have to come out of a ballgame. Not only are you concerned with your physical well-being but now you put your guys in the bullpen in a spot," they said. "The last place I want to go is walking off the mound in the middle of an at-bat."
3. Perez rehab update — Martin Perez is scheduled to make their third rehab start for Triple-A Round Rock in Oklahoma City on Thursday. The left-hander hasn't allowed a run in 13 innings for High-A Hickory and Double-A Frisco. He's expected to throw 85 to 90 pitches on Thursday. Perez has been on the disabled list since April 30 with right elbow soreness. It's the same elbow that required surgery when it was broken during the off-season when Perez tried dodging a startled bull.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
4. More signees —The Rangers signed five more draft picks bringing their total to 32 of their 40 selections. Shortstop Jax Biggers, who was taken in the eighth round, completed the club's top 14 picks, and third baseman Shea Patterson, who was taken in the 39th round. Patterson, who played quarterback at Ole Miss before transferring to Michigan, plans on playing in the fall. They agreed to a 2019 contract. Other signed players include left-hander Grant Wolfram (18th round), right-hander Wyatt Sparks (23rd round) and right-hander Renton Poole (28th round). These players (not including Patterson) have been assigned to the Arizona Rangrers. Texas has signed 18 of its top 20 picks.
5. Rotation in Detroit — The Rangers four-game series in Detroit beginning Thursday includes Yovani Gallardo's third start since rejoining the club. A look at the pitching matchups:
Game 1: RHP Yovani Gollardo (2-0, 9.00 ERA) vs. LHP Matthew Boyd (4-6, 4.18), 6:10 p.m. Thursday
Game 2: RHP Bartolo Colon (5-5, 4.76) vs. RHP Jordan Zimmermann (3-0, 3.91), 6:10 p.m. Friday
Game 3: LHP Cole Hamels (4-7, 4.05) vs. RHP Mike Fiers (3-5, 3.79), 3:10 p.m. Saturday
Game 4: RHP Austin Bibens-Dirkx vs. RHP Michael Fulmer (3-7, 4.22), 12:10 p.m. Sunday
British startup Made.com says that “a new tier 1 global institutional investor” has made an important investment commitment in the furniture company. This mysterious investor is willing to lead a new $56 million round (£40 million) with existing investors Partech Ventures, Level Equity and Eight Roads Ventures also participating.
It sounds like the funding round isn't finished just yet, so Made.com could end up raising more than that.
More interestingly, the company has shared some details about its balance sheet. In 2017, the company has been profitable in the U.K., France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. And if you take into account the entire company in all countries where it operates, Made.com is currently cashflow positive.
In 2017, the company has generated a net revenue of $178 million (£127 million), which represents a 40 percent increase compared to 2016. So it sounds like Made.com is on the right path to profitability.
And that's why the company also announced that Adrian Evans is joining the company as CFO. They previously worked at Yoox Net-A-Porter. This release sounds like Made.com is now optimizing the company for a potential IPO.
The company sells quality furniture at an affordable price. Made.com wants to disrupt high-end furniture stores by controlling everything from manufacturing to the e-commerce platform. This way, the company doesn't have to pay as many middle players and can offer cheaper prices.
As e-commerce is also becoming the norm, it fosters competition with furniture giants, such as IKEA. Going to Made.com's website is as easy as going to IKEA's website after all.
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
Copyright 2017 Fresh Air. To see more, visit Fresh Air
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR.
(SOUNDBITE OF THE MENZINGERS SONG, "LIVIN' AIN'T EASY")
GROSS: The Menzingers are a Philadelphia-based quartet that's just released its fifth album titled "After The Party." The collection features numerous songs about getting older, and the band has said that the album is a love letter to our 20s. Rock critic Ken Tucker has this review.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "LIVIN' AIN'T EASY")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) In vibrant hues and subtle brush strokes of memory, the life I've painted I've sold for a quick 20. It's on display now for the privileged and the wealthy. God, I despise their reassuring, lying eyes. Our home...
KEN TUCKER, BYLINE: Boy, the Menzingers are really obsessed about their advancing age. Not for nothing is this collection called "After The Party." The party is a stand-in for youth - youthful joy, young love and being young enough to stay up all night without feeling your bones creak in the morning. I should note here that all four band members are somewhere around the age of 30, so it's not as though the Rolling Stones had suddenly decided to do a concept album on the theme of decrepitude. Or as The Menzigers sing on this song, "Tellin' Lies," where are we going to go now that our 20s are over?
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "TELLIN' LIES")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) Oh, yeah, oh, yeah. Everything's terrible when buying marijuana makes you feel like like a criminal, when your new friends take a joke too literal, making you feel like the bad guy. Oh, oh, where are we going to go - oh, oh - now that our 20s are over? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah - all hope abandoned - I'm not young enough to be a companion. Not old enough to be a guide, what a cliche time to try. Oh, oh, where are we going to go - oh, oh - now that our 20s are over? Where we...
TUCKER: "Tellin' Lies" leads off this album and serves a dual purpose. It states the album's unifying theme of facing down the aging process. It also provides a crisp introduction to the Menzingers' sound, with vocals that are hoarsely yelled over rapidly strum guitar chords and a rhythm section that most often alternates between punk rock and Jamaican derived ska. There are times when chief songwriters Greg Barnett and Tom May actually sound much older than they are. I'm not talking about their music, but rather their vocabularies. When was the last time you heard someone use the word looker to describe an attractive person, as in they or they are a real looker?
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "LOOKERS")
TUCKER: On that song called, sensibly enough, "Lookers," the band tosses in a reference to Jack Kerouac and Dean Moriarty. And the callback to the Beat Generation doesn't feel cheap or unearned. Instead, it reminds you that Kerouac and the Beats cribbed the term from black musicians who used it in the sense of beaten down, exhausted or depressed. The Menzingers make their most despairing music some of their most intense and anthemic. You can hear this on the song "House On Fire," with its recurring line, waiting for your life to start, then you die.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "HOUSE ON FIRE")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) Waiting for your life to start, then you die. Whoa. Was your heart beating in the first place? Waiting for your life to start, then you die. Whoa. Was your heart beating in the first place? Lost myself in the kitchen. There's an old friend falling down the stairs. They said there are cops in the alley way. It's too late for saving us. Let it burn down. Waiting for your...
TUCKER: On a beautiful, medium-tempo song called "Black Mass," the band unfurls a melody that might have been lifted from an old Everly Brothers ballad in the 1950s. Over a drumbeat that nails down the points they want to make, they fill the song with their own sort of casual eloquence. A phrase such as you used to call me darlin', now you prefer more formal, sums up an entire relationship.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "BLACK MASS")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) We used to want to take the back roads. But now we found a distance shorter. You used to call me darlin'. Now you prefer more formal. We used to get high and stare at the moon and wonder how long it would take to walk to. But now that's like the distance between me and you.
TUCKER: What the Menzingers miss most about the youth they idealize, is a sense of innocence that will never be recaptured. Some of the music framing their words is grandiose. But to their credit, their nostalgia is mostly free of damp sentimentality. Indeed, it's a dry-eyed realism that gives "After The Party" it's true vigorousness.
The band is one step away from the realization that in the kind of rock and roll they make, aging can give you a renewed sense of purpose, to make being an adult sound as thrilling as you used to think being a kid was.
GROSS: Ken Tucker is critic at large for Yahoo TV. They reviewed "After The Party" by the Menzingers. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, we'll talk about what it was like to work in the Obama White House and oversee the goings on of the White House campus and coordinate with the First Family, Secret Service, Military and Air Force One. My guest will be President Obama's former White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Alyssa Mastromonaco. We'll also talk about their impressions of the Trump White House. She's written a new memoir. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for online media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "CHARLIE'S ARMY ")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) I guess I should tell them I'm sorry, I never showed up to the party. Yeah, I got into a misunderstanding with their old boyfriend named Charlie. Yeah, I love, I love my Juliet. But their ex-boyfriend wants me dead. But tell your men I ain't afraid to die. When I first met her, I fell in love. They smiled because they knew. We were day drinking in Brooklyn. It was death in the afternoon, yeah. I love, I love my Juliet. But their ex-boyfriend wants me dead. Charlie's army's... Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
NAWABSHAH, Jul 04 (APP):Hundreds of women came out to protest against hours long load shedding of gas in nearby areas of Daulatpur town and occupied the camp set up to welcome rally of Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.
Protesting women were chanting slogans “Bilawal first give gas then take vote”. Later these women and children came on National highway.
Talking to media these women said that long hours load shedding of gas has become a trend since long time and children and male members have to go to school and to their workplaces without breakfast while gas also remains unavailable when they return from schools, shops and offices.
Protesting women said that elected representatives of PPP seems not interested in resolving the issue so they were constrained to stage demonstration in front of rally of PPP Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari.
25 ways WWE could make Raw better in 2018
Everndran FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 3.59K // 04 Jul 2018, 21:37 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
How can WWE pull Raw out of its creative slump?
WWE love calling Monday Night Raw "the flagship show" of the company even though the "B show" Smackdown Live is ironically light years ahead and the "developmental" brand NXT is the hottest show on the network today.
While some would argue that Raw is still the most important brand in the company today, as it was the hottest wrestling show on the planet back in the late 1990s and 2000s, in 2018 Raw has become increasingly embarrassing to watch. As the state of WWE's 'premier' product has degraded to a boring, monotonous snooze fest that has the company's fanbase begging for the return of the attitude era.
While from a fan perspective the creative booking of Raw is terrible, WWE's new TV deal with the USA Network has seen their revenue increase, thus, would this indicate a change in the presentation, booking, and execution of their narratives?
Well, that remains to be seen, but at the moment, Raw is a hit and miss show that delivers matches which makes wrestling fans revel in its glory and at other times creates absolutely terrible segments which force people to change the channel.
For a company as big as the WWE, this has to change as lousy booking is affecting their viewership, live attendance records, and overall fan interest, but small changes in the usual schedule on Monday nights could make Raw a watchable wrestling show once again.
#1 Make the opening segment more impactful
More action, less talking.
How many times have people switched on their televisions expecting to witness an exciting start to Monday Night Raw, but instead received repetitive segments that become hard for even purists to bear? And by now it is quite easy to predict the start of every episode of Raw, as the standard booking tropes include two or more superstars come down to the ring, they argue, they brawl and Kurt Angle makes a match between them later in the night. It is predictable, it is boring, and it has to change.
One of the biggest surprises from Raw earlier this year was the excellent two-hour gauntlet match that took every wrestling fan by surprise, and it made them question if they were watching the same show that usually has more talking than wrestling. Alternatively, the more recent beatdown Alexa Bliss received from an irate Ronda Rousey, a beatdown which set the crowd of fire. WWE need to analyze the success of those segment/matches and book similar ones, as the opening segment sets the tone for an incredibly exhilarating Raw or a skippable one.
The Plateau Government on Tuesday declared N3.09 billion Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in the first quarter of 2018.
Mr Dashe Arlat, the Chairman, Plateau State Internal Revenue Service (PSIRS), made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jos.
Arlat said that revenue collected during the period was the highest ever in the history of the service.
“Looking back at what (N2.5 billion) we generated during the same period under review in 2017, we have an increase of about N600 million this year, '' they said.
Arlat described the collection as very huge and encouraging and attributed the development to the renewed vigour of Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) and staff of PSIRS in the New Year.
According to him, the MDAs and PSRIS have been holding series of workshops and stakeholders meetings toward better and workable means of improving the revenue collection of the state.
They said that the feat was achieved due to tremendous improvements in collection of the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) and levies and charges by the MDAs and the PSIRS.
The chairperson gave the monthly analysis showing January as having the highest collection of N1.27 billion, February N828.65 million and March N997.22 million.
“At the beginning of the year, we set a target of nothing less than a N1 billion as our monthly Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) toward strengthening and improving government's provision of basic social amenities to the citizens of the state.
“As it is now, with what we have so far generated, we have gotten there and we hope to improve on it as we move on in the year,'' Arlat said.
They said that the staff of the ministry of tourism had been going out to ensure that all hotels, events centres, drinking spots and viewing centres, among others, were duly captured and registered for payment of taxes and levies.
Arlat said that all other MDAs would soon follow suit, especially the ministry of lands and physical planning.
They said that the ministry was expected to start collection of ground rents, having almost concluded the numbering of houses within the Jos-Bukuru metropolis.
The PSIRS boss commended members of staff for their dedication to duty and for working under some difficult conditions.
They said that the response from the tax payers in the state had been very encouraging and appealed to them to continue with that display of patriotism.
Arlat said that once tax payers fulfilled their civic responsibilities to the government, the government would equally reciprocate by providing the needed social amenities to the citizens as dividends of democracy. (NAN)
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Devika Krishna Kumar
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Surging shale oil production in Texas and North Dakota is being felt on trading desks in Chicago, Houston and New York, where a brisk business in West Texas Intermediate crude futures is far outpacing contracts for London-based Brent crude.
As the United States approaches a record 10.04 million barrels of daily production, trading volumes of so-called “WTI” futures exceeded volumes of Brent crude in 2017 by the largest margin in at least seven years.
A decade ago, falling domestic production and a U.S. ban on exports meant that WTI served mostly as a proxy for U.S. inventory levels.
“There was a time when the U.S. was disconnected from the global market,” said Greg Sharenow, portfolio manager at PIMCO, who co-manages more than $15 billion in commodity assets.
Two changes drove the resurgence of the U.S. benchmark. One was the boom in shale production, which spawned a multitude of small producers that sought to hedge profits by trading futures contracts. Then two years ago, the United States ended its 40-year ban on crude exports, making WTI more useful to global traders and shippers.
(For an interactive graphic detailing the global impacts of the U.S. shale revolution, see: tmsnrt.rs/2EtJgen)
U.S. exports averaged 1.1 million barrels a day through November 2017, rising to an average 1.6 million bpd in the final three months. That compares to just 590,000 bpd in 2016.
As U.S. production and exports grow, global firms that increasingly buy U.S. oil are offsetting their exposure by trading in U.S. financial markets. That also gives U.S. shale producers more opportunity to lock in profits on their own production.
RIVAL EXCHANGES, SHIFTING PROFITS
The U.S. boom has reignited a competition over oil trading that began in the 1980s between two of the world's biggest exchange operators - Intercontinental Exchange, and the New York Mercantile Exchange, or NYMEX, which was acquired by Chicago-based CME Group in 2008.
For ICE and CME, energy represents the second-biggest source of revenue, trailing only stocks and interest rate trading, respectively. ICE is based in Atlanta, but is known for its European contracts after it bought London's International Petroleum Exchange and its Brent futures contract in 2001.
About 310 million U.S. crude futures contracts - worth about $16 trillion in oil - changed hands on CME's New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) in 2017, far more than the about 242 million contracts in Intercontinental Exchange's Brent crude futures.
Energy products including WTI brought in $790 million in revenue for CME in 2016, the latest annual data available. Brent crude futures and options alone contributed nearly $300 million to ICE's revenues in 2016.
Since 2011, trading volumes in WTI futures have risen by about 135 million contracts, compared to an increase of about 109 million in Brent, according to exchange data.
CME has said there is a “clear trend” that the U.S. benchmark is being used more globally, in part because of growing production there and relatively stagnant output of the North Sea crude grades that underpin Brent trading.
That makes investors more likely to trade in WTI than Brent, said Owain Johnson, managing director of energy research and product development at CME.
“You know more about what WTI will look like in the next five years,” they said.
Jeffrey Sprecher, chief executive at ICE, dismissed the notion that WTI's global influence is rising versus Brent, calling it “a red herring.”
EXPORT SURGE LURES BUYERS
The increasing liquidity in U.S. oil futures stems partly from the surge in hedging by domestic shale producers but also from growing overseas interest, which pushed outstanding contracts to new records in 2017.
Average daily volumes in WTI futures from outside the U.S. jumped nearly 40 percent in 2017 over 2016, according to CME Group data. Foreign participation in WTI now represents about 30 percent of CME's average daily volume.
“The U.S. is reclaiming the title of being arguably the world's most relevant crude oil benchmark” because of rising U.S. exports and production, said Michael Tran, director of energy strategy at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
Purchasers worldwide say the U.S. contract may have to change, however, to reflect the price at export hubs such as Houston. Currently, WTI contracts are tied to oil deliverable at the landlocked storage hub in Cushing, Oklahoma.
More supply is coming to Gulf Coast ports from Texas, where production is now near 4 million barrels a day.
“We need a new benchmark for pricing American crude oil for export to Asia and other areas,” said Chen Bo, president of Chinese state oil trader Unipec, at an industry event in Houston in November.
Unipec is the trading arm of refiner Sinopec and the largest buyer of U.S. oil in Asia; Chinese firms bought an average of 220,000 barrels a day of U.S. crude last year.
Sources with two major trading firms said CME has approached them to gauge demand for a benchmark futures contract that would have Houston as its delivery point.
In December 2017, the NYMEX introduced a new contract aimed at the growing market of Asian buyers importing U.S. crude, such as China, the second biggest importer in 2017. The contract prices the spread between WTI and Middle-East benchmark Dubai.
The contract allows Asian refiners to better evaluate the economics of U.S. crude compared to oil elsewhere, Chen said.
The dominance of Europe's Brent and America's WTI crude futures comes despite Asia's growing share of global oil consumption, up from 27 percent in 2000 to almost 40 percent today. Europe's and North America's share of demand has declined.
A key reason for the Middle East's and Asia's failure to create an oil futures benchmark is that financial commodity trading is not well established in either region.
Middle Eastern producers are largely state-owned, and while the Dubai Mercantile Exchange (DME) was set up in 2007 to establish a new benchmark, it has so far not managed to attract enough liquidity to dominate the region.
In China, a long-delayed futures contract is expected to be launched by Shanghai's INE exchange this year, with the stated goal of becoming Asia's benchmark. But wrangling over details has undermined INE's credibility, analysts say.
That's left the United States, with its established commodity markets, operating as “the Wal-Mart of the oil market,” Tran said.
(Corrects title to chief competitive officer in final paragraph)
PARIS, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Renault boss Carlos Ghosn is likely to be reappointed as chief executive at the French carmaker's next shareholder meeting, Le Figaro reported on Thursday.
Ghosn, 63, had been expected to hand over to a successor in June, when their contract expires, and take a new presiding role at the helm of the Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance.
Instead, Renault plans to name a deputy or chief operating officer to serve under Ghosn, whose renewal as CEO will be proposed at the next board meeting on Feb. 15 with French government backing, Le Figaro said. The French state is Renault's biggest shareholder with a 15 percent stake.
A spokesperson for the company declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
Renault owns 43.4 percent of Japanese alliance partner Nissan, which in turn controls Mitsubishi Motors through a 34 percent holding.
Renault Chief Competitive Officer Thierry Bollore is often cited as favourite to be named as second-in-command. (Reporting by Laurence Frost; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
PEARL HARBOR, Hawaii (Reuters) - The U.S. military on Wednesday renamed its Pacific Command the U.S. Indo-Pacific Command, in a largely symbolic move underscoring the growing importance of India to the Pentagon, U.S. officials said.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis testifies before the Senate Appropriations Defense Subcommittee hearing on funding for the Department of Defense, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 9, 2018. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Pacific Command, which is responsible for all U.S. military activity in the greater Pacific region, has about 375,000 civilian and military personnel assigned to its area of responsibility, which includes India.
“Relationships with our Pacific and Indian Ocean allies and partners have proven critical to maintaining regional stability,” U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said in prepared remarks.
“In recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific Oceans, today we rename the U.S. Pacific Command to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command,” Mattis said.
They were speaking during a change of command ceremony. Admiral Philip Davidson was assuming leadership of the command from Admiral Harry Harris, who is President Donald Trump's nominee to be ambassador to South Korea.
The renaming does not mean additional assets will be sent to the region at this time, but rather recognises India's increasing military relevance for the United States.
In 2016, the United States and India signed an agreement governing the use of each other's land, air and naval bases for repair and resupply, a step toward building defence ties as they seek to counter the growing maritime assertiveness of China.
The United States is also keen to tap into India's large defence market. It has emerged as India's No. 2 weapons supplier, closing $15 billion worth of deals over the last decade.
Mattis has been pushing for a waiver for countries like India, after Trump signed a law last year which said that any country trading with Russia's defence and intelligence sectors would face sanctions.
“I think India and the relationship with the United States is the potentially most historic opportunity we have in the 21st-century and I intend to pursue that quite rigorously,” Davidson, the incoming head of the command, said last month.
However, experts said the name change would mean little unless it was tied to a broader strategy.
“Renaming PACOM is ultimately a symbolic act ... (it) will have a very limited impact unless the U.S. follows through with a significant array of initiatives and investments that reflect a wider aperture,” said Abraham Denmark, a former deputy assistant secretary of defence for East Asia under President Barack Obama.
Boston Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel celebrates with manager Alex Cora after they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game at Fenway Park, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Boston. The Red Sox won 6-4. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Avery Bradley explains their bond with Isaiah Thomas, which involves the two always looking out for each other. (0:48)
WALTHAM, Mass. -- Isaiah Thomas remained with the Boston Celtics on Monday, and coach Brad Stevens said they expect that the All-Star guard will play Tuesday in Game 2 against the Chicago Bulls before traveling to be with their family after the death of their sister.
Thomas scored 33 points in the Celtics' playoff-opening loss Sunday, one day after 22-year-old Chyna Thomas died in a single-car accident on an interstate in their home state of Washington.
Editor's Picks Little guy Isaiah Thomas showed big heart in playoff opener The Celtics marveled at Isaiah Thomas and how they competed Sunday, despite what he's going through. Their only lament was they couldn't get them a win.
"His plan, as of right now -- and, again, subject to them changing if they want -- is that he'll be here [Tuesday] night and then will go to Tacoma after," Stevens said. "So either after the game [Tuesday] night or Wednesday morning."
The Celtics have two days off before Game 3 Friday against the Bulls in Chicago.
Stevens said memorial services for Thomas' sister had not been finalized but suggested the entire team would make an effort to attend.
The Celtics are doing everything they can to help Thomas navigate this difficult phase, especially while he's on the opposite coast from much of their family.
"He's trying their best to compartmentalize when he's here to work on what they need to work on, but I'm sure that's difficult," Stevens said. "But we were together for some film, some walk-through, and we'll be back together [Tuesday]. I think he's as good as they can be."
Added Stevens: "It's really tough when he's sitting there, and some of their family's back in Seattle, and some of them came here to mourn with him. I think the next extension of your family is who you're around every day, your team, and so these guys are really terrific teammates. They care about one another and they support one another. Obviously, that's what you'd hope you have in a team. It's probably not always the case."
Thomas has leaned heavily on teammate Avery Bradley, a fellow Tacoma native, in recent days.
"Me and Isaiah have known each other since we were kids, since we were 11, 12 years old. So we're just family," Bradley said. "And no matter what goes on, we're always going to have each other's back. We're always going to be there for one another. And I think they know that and I know the same about him.
"We're always going to support each other. Not to say our teammates aren't going to support us as well, but we're family so it's different. I'm going to be there for them no matter what."
Bradley found inspiration in the way Thomas performed in Game 1.
"It takes a lot of [guts] for somebody to go through that and still be able to come out and perform at a high level," Bradley said. "Even though they aren't screaming or the usual Isaiah, they still went out there and fought hard. And it made us want to fight harder for him. We just made some mistakes that are fixable and we'll have a chance to do it [in Game 2]."
Imperial Valley News Center
FDA awards six grants for natural history studies in rare diseases
Washington, DC - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today announced it has awarded six new research grants for natural history studies in rare diseases. The aim of the research is to inform medical product development by better understanding how specific rare diseases progress over time. One potential application of these studies is the opportunity to eventually use natural history models to augment the need for placebo arms in studies of drugs that target very rare disease, where trial recruitment can be challenging.
This is the first time the FDA is providing funding through its Orphan Products Grants Program to conduct rare disease natural history studies. The FDA is providing a total of $6.3 million over the next five years to fund four natural history studies. In addition, through a partnership with the National Institutes of Health's (NIH) National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS), the FDA received $3.5 million to be combined with FDA funding to fund an additional two studies. NCATS' support was made possible through its Therapeutics for Rare and Neglected Diseases (TRND) program.
“We believe these important studies will provide key information about how these rare diseases develop and progress and can ultimately help in the development of models of disease behavior that can make the development process more efficient,” said FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, M.D. “We've been working overtime to develop models that can simulate the behavior of placebo arms in the setting of very rare diseases, where recruiting for clinical trials can be especially hard. We're grateful to NCATS for its support of this important program, which enabled us to extend our support to two additional studies.”
The natural history of a disease is the course a disease takes from its onset, through the presymptomatic and clinical stages, to a final outcome in the absence of treatment. Because the natural history of many rare diseases remains relatively unknown, efficiently developing diagnostics and therapeutics for these patients poses big challenges.
“One of the challenges we encounter developing therapies for rare diseases is the lack of natural history data to guide the design of successful clinical trials,” said Nora Yang, Ph.D., director of portfolio management and strategic operations in NCATS' Division of Pre-Clinical Innovation. “We are pleased that we can collaborate with the FDA to fund two natural history studies this year that will help NCATS develop novel treatments for patients who suffer from these devastating diseases.”
The FDA received more than 80 grant applications that were reviewed and evaluated for scientific and technical merit by more than 60 rare disease and natural history experts, which included representatives from academia, patient groups, NIH and the FDA. The six studies awarded cover a broad spectrum of diseases and address unmet needs.
Grants being funded by the FDA:
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, David Lynch, Prospective study in Friedreich's ataxia, approximately $2 million over 5 years
Columbia University Medical Center, Adi Cohen, Prospective study in pregnancy and lactation-associated osteoporosis, approximately $2 million over 5 years
University of Iowa, Alicia Gerke, Retrospective study in sarcoidosis, approximately $300,000 over 2 years
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Kenneth Ataga, Prospective study in sickle cell anemia to determine biomarkers of endothelial function changes in chronic kidney disease, approximately $2 million over 5 years
The two additional grants primarily being funded by NIH/NCATS include:
Children's Hospital Corporation, Wen-Hann Tan, Prospective study in Angelman syndrome, approximately $2 million over 5 years
University of Utah, Nicholas Johnson, Prospective study in Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1 to Determine Biomarkers and Clinical Endpoints, approximately $2 million over 5 years
Congress appropriates funding to the FDA for the study of rare diseases. The FDA is using these funds for the Orphan Products Grants Program to support natural history studies as well as clinical trials.
Rare diseases, as defined by the Orphan Drug Act, are diseases or conditions with a prevalence of less than 200,000 persons in the United States. Though the diseases are individually rare, together, the 7,000 known rare diseases affect approximately 30 million Americans.
The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines, and other biological products for human use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and security of our nation's food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.
LAHORE, Aug 14 (APP): Chief Minister Punjab Muhammad
Shehbaz Sharif on Monday paid a visit to Manawan Hospital
and reviewed arrangements there.
Accompanied by provincial Minister for Primary &
Secondary Health Khawaja Imran Nazir and MS Hospital, they
inquired the patients about the provision of medicines
by the hospital administration.
Speaking on the occasion, the chief minister said the
government was making day and night efforts for improvement
in health sector. They said, huge funds had been allocated
for this vitally important sector.
In Big Mouth, all the terrible, gross thoughts that you probably had while going through puberty come to life — in the form of actual hormone monsters voiced by Nick Kroll and Maya Rudolph.
The Netflix animated series was created by Kroll, Andrew Goldberg, Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett, and TechCrunch's Darrell Etherington and Anthony Ha review it in the latest episode of the Original Content podcast. We discuss how Big Mouth combines increasingly dirty jokes and random gags with genuine thoughtfulness about sex and adolescence.
Kroll provides the voice of Nick, a boy right on the edge of puberty, while their Oh Hello! costar John Mulaney plays their friend Andrew. The show also stars Jessi Klein as their friend Jessi (yes, the character names are very creative) and Jordan Peele as the ghost of Duke Ellington (just go with it).
Also covered: The latest streaming headlines, including new sci-fi adaptations from Amazon, new media players from Roku, a new video startup from Jeffrey Katzenberg, Netflix's latest price increase and the launch of the DisneyNow app.
Plus, Darrell does their best to hear Anthony's thoughts on the latest Blade Runner movie without getting spoiled.
You can listen to the episode in the player above, subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice. Be sure to leave a review and let us know what you think. You can also send feedback directly to us.
Featured Image: Netflix
This past offseason was finally time for the Chicago Bulls to enter full-rebuild mode. Photo: Patrick Gorski-USA TODAY Sports
Four seasons ago, the Chicago Bulls were among the class of the Eastern Conference. They won 50 games, finished as the third seed in the East, and held a 2-1 lead over the Cleveland Cavaliers in their second-round playoff series. It has been all downhill since then. After that series, in which they lost to the Cavs in six games, Gar Forman and John Paxson decided to fire then-head coach Tom Thibodeau and replace them with Fred Hoiberg. Now the Bulls roster barely resembles those perennial playoff teams, as Paxson and Forman decided to blow everything up this past offseason and start from scratch.
Jimmy Butler is gone. Taj Gibson is gone. Rajon Rondo is gone. Dwyane Wade is gone. All the Bulls have left are an abundance of young, unproven players who will likely send one of the most storied franchises to the cellar of the East and to the top of the lottery board.
NBA Draft
Bull fans came away frustrated with the team's decisions during the 2017 NBA Draft last June. In addition to essentially giving away Butler in one of the worst trades in recent league history, they also handed their second-round pick to the Golden State Warriors for cash. I'll detail the specifics of the Butler trade later on, but for now, let's focus who the Bulls selected with the seventh overall pick. Chicago obtained this top ten pick via the Butler deal and used it to take sharpshooting forward Lauri Markkanen out of the University of Arizona. In their lone season with the Wildcats, Markkanen averaged 15.6 points per game and shot 42.3 percent from 3-point range. Markkanen will probably help the Bulls stretch the floor, but they are not much of a rebounder or rim protector despite their seven-foot stature. Additionally, Markkanen's non-existent perimeter defense might make it impractical for them to share the floor with fellow big man Robin Lopez.
On a rebuilding team, Markkanen will receive ample opportunities to put up numbers for the Bulls. However, with so many other high impact rookies expected to get a bevy of playing time for their respective teams (Lonzo Ball, Markelle Fultz, Ben Simmons, Josh Jackson, etc.), they might be at best a darkhorse for Rookie of the Year honors. Barring injury, Markkanen should at least make the All-Rookie second team.
Free Agency Signings/Trade Acquisitions
Can Kris Dunn find their form in Chicago? Photo: Tom Pennington/Getty Images North America
The most notable move the Bulls made was “GarPax” trading Butler to the Minnesota Timberwolves. What they got in return was less than ideal; in addition to the draft rights to Markkanen, the Bulls also brought back guards Kris Dunn and Zach LaVine. Forman and Paxson tried to spin the trade as a positive, but fans of both the Bulls and the NBA saw the move for what it was: a total fleecing at the hands of former Chicago head coach Thibodeau, who now runs the show in Minnesota.
Dunn, the fifth overall pick in the 2016 NBA Draft, appeared destined to take incumbent point guard Ricky Rubio's starting job in Minnesota last year. Unfortunately, Dunn never found their footing, finishing with a lackluster .432 true shooting percentage (.552 was the league average in 2016-17) and -1.2 offensive win shares. Dunn projects to be a net positive on the defensive end (1.3 defensive win shares) but they will struggle with just about every other aspect of their game.
LaVine, the 13th overall selection in the 2014 draft, was putting together a breakout season before they tore their ACL in February. Before the injury, they averaged a career-high 18.9 points with a .459/.387/.836 shooting line. However, they are not much of a playmaker (4.0 assists per game, 2.5 turnovers) and is a turnstile on defense; in three seasons, LaVine has amassed just 1.1 defensive win shares and a -2.4 defensive box plus-minus. At best, LaVine is a capable fourth option on a good team that can stretch the floor. On this Bulls team, they will be expected to carry the scoring load once their knee fully heals.
Regarding free agency, the Bulls the biggest move was re-signing forward Nikola Mirotic to a two-year, $27 million dollar deal. The 26-year-old Mirotic has struggled since coming over from Spain, but projects to be one of the top offensive options for the Bulls this year. Depending on how they play, the team could trade them to a contender.
The only other notable addition was a trade for former New Orleans Pelicans swingman Quincy Pondexter this past August. The 29-year-old has battled injuries over the last couple of seasons, they last played a full season in 2014-15. If they stay healthy, Pondexter can help the Bulls stretch the floor (career 36 percent 3-point shooter) for Fred Hoiberg's pace-and-space offense.
To fill the roster, the Bulls signed guards David Nwaba, Ryan Arcidiacono, Antonio Blakeney, and Bronson Koenig. They also filled out their frontcourt with Jarell Eddie, Jaylen Johnson, and Diamond Stone.
Free Agent/Trade Departures
The Bulls will greatly miss Butler's production. Photo: Maddie Meyer/Getty Images North America
The most seismic departure from the Bulls roster wasn't due to free agency, but rather due to the incompetent dealings of Forman and Paxson. To get the likes of Dunn, LaVine and the rights to Markkanen, the team dealt away one of the top 20 players in the NBA in Butler. In an effort to start a rebuild around a new franchise player, the team gave away a top flight superstar that other clubs would kill to have.
Additionally, the Bulls also said goodbye to the other two members of the “Three Alphas”, guards Rajon Rondo and Dwyane Wade. Chicago waived the cantankerous Rondo in late June, right before the second year of their contract became fully guaranteed. They now take their passing wizardry to New Orleans.
Wade reached a buyout with their hometown team last month to re-join their friend LeBron James in Cleveland. While both players were far from the stars they once were in their primes, they remained productive and were a big reason why the Bulls took the Celtics to six games in the first round of the playoffs last season. With the Bulls set to lose a lot this year, there was no place for either man.
On lesser notes, the team also elected not to re-sign Joffrey Lauvergne, Anthony Morrow, Isaiah Canaan, and former Rookie of the Year Michael Carter-Williams. All of these men were fringe rotation players with the exception of Carter-Williams, who averaged 6.6 points per game in 18.8 minutes with a ghastly .366 field goal percentage.
Depth Chart/Lineup
PG: Kris Dunn/Jerian Grant/Cameron Payne
SG: Zach LaVine (when healthy)/Justin Holliday
SF: Paul Zipser/Denzel Valentine
PF: Nikola Mirotic/Lauri Markkanen/Bobby Portis
C: Robin Lopez/Cristiano Felicio
2018 Draft Status
If nothing else, the Bulls should receive a top lottery pick if they lose as much as many analysts expect them to. Chicago hopes to get the number one overall pick in order to select Michael Porter Jr. or some other player that emerges as the top NBA prospect. Also, the Pondexter trade netted the Bulls a second-round pick to make up for the one they lost to the New York Knicks as a result of the Carmelo Anthony trade. Hopefully, Garpax doesn't trade the pick to a good team for cash.
2017-18 season predictions
Make no mistake, this team is going to be TERRIBLE. Markkanen, Mirotic, or LaVine will probably lead the team in scoring in plenty of double-digit losses. This team is devoid of All-Star talent and will be difficult to watch throughout the year. Even if the Bulls do net a top pick, chances are that the team's “braintrust” will find some way to mess things up. After all, those Chicago fans didn't pay for a “Fire GarPax” billboard to voice their appreciation of the front office's decisions. I predict a 17-65 record for the Bulls and a last-place finish in the Eastern Conference.
A police officer directing traffic outside a school in Nakhon Nayok has impressed pupils – along with their parents and passing motorists – with their creative costumes.
Pol Sen Sgt Maj Tanit Bussabong has become a darling for netizens after pictures of them wearing cartoon costumes while on duty outside Anuban Nakhon Nahok kindergarten in Muang district went viral.
Full story: Bangkok Post
BANGKOK POST ONLINE REPORTERS
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in their team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in their season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of their career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up their second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league's first-ever games -- Joe Malone of the Montreal Canadiens, Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas -- were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
Police are reminding motorists of the consequences of speeding as part of a week-long Europe-wide campaign.
From Monday (April 17) officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit (RPU) have been out in force looking for motorists breaking the law.
The week of action is the latest Tispol (European Traffic Police Network) speed enforcement campaign. The campaign aims to encourage police forces across Europe to enforce speed limits for all vehicles and raise public awareness of the consequences of speeding.
Speeding is one of the fatal four driving offences. Speeding or travelling too fast for the road conditions accounts for 11 per cent of all collisions on Britain's roads and 23 per cent of all fatalities.
Those caught speeding risk a large fine and, in some cases, loss of license.
Casualty reduction officer PC Jon Morris said: “We want all motorists to be aware that the speed limit on a road is just that, a limit not a target, so to drive sensibly for the road conditions they face.
“The consequences of speeding can be deadly so drivers need to take care on the roads all year round.”
Food Lion has introduced a new way for its customers to save money through personalized offers on products and categories they already buy. Through Shop & Earn, an addition to the company's current MVP Customer Rewards Program, Food Lion says shoppers can save more money, in addition to their MVP savings and coupons.
“Shop & Earn is a unique loyalty program that puts our customers in charge of their savings,” said Deborah Sabo, SVP of marketing at Food Lion. “The more our customers shop, the more they will save. Offers are targeted to customers based on their specific purchases, fueling a program with nearly endless savings opportunities.”
Following pilots in the Raleigh and Greensboro, North Carolina, markets last year, the program is now available to customers across Food Lion's 10-state footprint. Shoppers can enroll online at foodlion.com or via the retailer's mobile app.
As they shop, consumers earn rewards that are instantly loaded to their MVP Card and automatically redeemed on their next shopping trip. Customers can begin earning rewards once they visit the Shop & Earn landing page to activate and begin tracking and will have until the last day of the month to earn rewards. These rewards may be redeemed until the end of the following month. New offers will be made available the first of each month.
Shoppers can track their earnings progress on each offer online or via the mobile app.
To celebrate the program's launch, Food Lion Feeds is partnering with Feeding America to donate one meal to local food banks for each Shop & Earn activation, up to one million meals.
Based in Salisbury, North Carolina, since 1957, Food Lion has more than 1,000 stores in 10 Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states and employs more than 63,000 associates. Food Lion is a company of Delhaize America, a U.S. division of Zaandam-based Royal Ahold Delhaize Group.
Keep reading:
In Melfort Provincial Court on Tuesday, April 17 one of the co-accused from a drug bust on January 18, Lawrence Buhay entered not guilty pleas and set trial dates.
Buhay, 38-years-old and of Melfort, pleaded not guilty to Possession of Proceeds of Crime; Trafficking Crystal Methamphetamine; Possession for the Purpose of Trafficking Marihuana; Possession for the Purpose of Trafficking Crystal Methamphetamine; Possession of Cocaine, and Possession of Cannabis Resin, Possession of fentanyl and breach of recognizance.
Buhay is co-accused with 18-year-old Maury Nicholson of Melfort.
Buhay was arrested on the breach of recognizance on Sunday, April 1 and had the fentanyl charge added on April 5.
Buhay elected to be tried in Provincial Court with trial dates set for August 9 and 10.
There will be a pre-trial conference on July 11.
In their prior appearance on Tuesday April 10 Buhay had their bail denied on the new charges of breach of recognizance.
Judge Lloyd Stang denied their bail on the grounds that Buhay was a risk to the public and they did not have confidence that Buhay would comply with bail conditions. Stang also noted the added element of fentanyl was part of their decision. They had their case adjourned to Tuesday, April 17 and will appear by video.
The defense did not meet the onus on the secondary and tertiary grounds.
The primary grounds for release are to determine if the accused will appear in court, the secondary grounds are if the person is seen as a danger to the public and the tertiary grounds is whether detention is necessary to maintain confidence in the administration of justice.
The Crown argued that Buhay would not follow court orders and opposed their release on the secondary and tertiary grounds. They argued that their charges were significant and for the strength of the evidence in the case.
Buhay originally had their case set aside until Tuesday, April 17 on March 27.
The case stems back to January 18 when Melfort RCMP in combination with the Prince Albert Combined Forces Special Enforcement Unit (CFSEU) conducted a Controlled Substances and Drugs Act (CDSA) investigation resulting in the arrest of two individuals.
Varying quantities of drugs (including methamphetamine, cocaine and marijuana) were seized along with a quantity of cash.
Slow hand? Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's government has been tardy in making some key appointments. Also, Trudeau promised to be more collegial in their dealing with the opposition parties, writes Chantal Hébert. Yet no recent government has spent as much energy trying to unilaterally change the rules of the Commons. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
A stalled appointment process; a botched attempt at installing a member of the Liberal family in a post that requires total independence from the government; a unilateral bid to change the rules of the House of Commons . . . if Stephen Harper, and not Justin Trudeau, were running things on Parliament Hill, they would stand accused of institutional malevolence. Exhibit A: Almost halfway through their mandate, Trudeau has yet to fill a single parliamentary watchdog vacancy. Most of the positions of agents of Parliament are currently held by interim appointees or by commissioners whose terms have been extended. Some, such as the ethics and the information commissioners, are on their second or third extensions. A full year after chief electoral officer Marc Mayrand gave their notice, the government has not yet come up with a permanent replacement. Under Harper, a prime minister whose relationship with Elections Canada was far from cordial, the transition took place over a matter of days. The job of running Canada's ever-evolving election system had traditionally been considered a sensitive one that requires a steady hand at the helm. Judicial appointments have been proceeding at a glacial pace. And with every passing week, more crown corporations are operating under skeleton boards. As of next week, for instance, the CBC/Radio-Canada board will be down to half its 12-member roster, leaving it with the bare minimum required to meet a quorum. A spokesperson for heritage minister Mélanie Joly told Le Devoir last week that a selection process would “soon” be in place! Connect all these dots and the result is an across-the-board weakening of federal and parliamentary oversight functions. By necessity day-to-day management is becoming a substitute for strategic planning.
Article Continued Below
Exhibit B: Trudeau justifies the unprecedented delays in the appointment chain by the quest for a merit-based system. But, if the Prime Minister thought the Harper-appointed agents of Parliament, whose terms they have extended, were chosen on a basis other than competence, would they not have been in a hurry to replace them? Trudeau's own first (failed) attempt at appointing a parliamentary watchdog — the nomination of former Ontario Liberal minister Madeleine Meilleur for official languages commissioner — did not pass the non-partisan smell test.
Had Harper proposed a recently retired Tory minister, provincial or federal, for the position, the Liberals in opposition would have been the first to accuse the Conservatives of sabotaging Canada's official languages infrastructure. Exhibit C: Speaking of parliamentary watchdogs, the information commissioner released their annual report earlier this month. Suzanne Legault found that, notwithstanding Trudeau's promise of greater transparency, this had actually declined since the Liberals came to power. Among others, they gave the RCMP, Revenue Canada and Global Affairs Canada an F for their performance and put a red alert on the National Defense and Health departments. Given that Harper was rightly depicted as having set the bar low on transparency, one might have expected the Liberals would find it easy to do better. Exhibit D: Trudeau promised to be more collegial in their dealing with the opposition parties. Yet no recent government has spent as much energy trying to unilaterally change the rules of the Commons. Based on a governing majority acquired with a minority of votes, the Prime Minister would dictate the terms of engagement under which they and the opposition parties are to interact. Liberal insiders argue that the fundamental difference between Harper and Trudeau's approaches is that the latter's heart is in the right place. From their perspective, the big leap forward on gender parity and diversity that they hope to showcase in the next election will make all the waiting for federal appointments worth its while. Meilleur may not have passed the smell test, but, surely, they say, no one would doubt that a prime minister whose last name is Trudeau wishes Canada's official languages system well? And don't the Liberals, they ask, have a mandate to implement unilaterally, if need be, changes to the House of Commons rules they campaigned on in the last election? On the way to power, every prime minister in recent decades has promised to run a more transparent, more collegial government than its predecessor. All of them subsequently moved the line in the other direction. One can only hope the Liberals will remember their self-serving rationale when their party is sitting in opposition, across from a prime minister who sets out to build on some of Trudeau's damaging precedents.
Read more about:
Matuidi would relish Ronaldo link up at Juventus
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 950 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:28 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Cristiano Ronaldo with the Champions League trophy
Blaise Matuidi would relish the chance to work with "one of the best players in the world" if Cristiano Ronaldo were to join Juventus, but is focusing on France's World Cup bid.
Ronaldo's future at Real Madrid has been shrouded in doubt ever since Los Blancos defeated Liverpool 3-1 to win a third straight Champions League in May.
The Portugal superstar spoke about the club in the past tense after that game when they said: "We will talk in the future. It's been really beautiful to play for Real Madrid. I'll give a response in the coming days."
Speculation has mounted this week that Serie A champions Juve are preparing a lucrative €120million bid for Ronaldo, with a salary package of €30m a year.
Matuidi, who was on media duties in Russia on Wednesday ahead of Friday's quarter-final tie with Uruguay, was quizzed on the possibility of playing with the 33-year-old at the Allianz Stadium next season.
"I'm not going to lie it would be just great," they said.
"It would be great to have one of the best players in the world with Juventus in the same club that I am.
"It would be great for the club and for the Juventus players.
"However, today I'm a player of the French national team and we have bigger fish to fry, no?"
Louisiana Shrimp & Petroleum Festival organizers have released the music lineup for this year's event, slated for Sept. 1-4.
The lineup:
Friday
6-8:30 p.m. Kyle Wilson
9-10 p.m. Krossfyre
Saturday
1:30-3:30 p.m. TK Hulin
4-6 p.m. Ross Grisham Band
6:30-8:30 p.m. Travis Thibodaux
9-11 p.m. Category 6
Sunday
1:30-3:30 p.m. Waylon Thibodeaux
4-6 p.m. Snapper and the Fishsticks
6:30-8:45 p.m. Jaryd Lane
9:30-11 p.m. After 8
Monday
12:30-1:30 p.m. KQKI Country Showdown winner
2-3 p.m. Jus Cuz
3:30-4:30 p.m. Cliff Hillebran
4-6 p.m. South 70
6:30-7 p.m. Déjà vu
The Ministry of Energy yesterday (Oct 4) revealed its plan to make “Tuk-Tuk” a product champion for export after Thailand has exported them to three countries in Europe.
It also plans to convert the existing 22,000 LPG-powered Tuk-Tuks in the country to run on electricity within five years.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A disabled woman has claimed they were abandoned in agony and told to make their own way to hospital because the ambulance couldn't take them wheelchair.
Rupy Kaur, from Sale Greater Manchester, has cerebral palsy and relies on their electric wheelchair to get around.
But when they visited A&E after they started suffering from back spasms they were told that they should seek help immediately if they got worse.
Rupy went to their GP because they were in agony and they called for an ambulance.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
But when the crew reached Firsway Health Centre, Rupy says they were shocked to be told the ambulance couldn't take them because of their wheelchair.
They say they told them it was because of "health and safety" reasons.
Scared and upset, Rupy decided they had no choice but to make their own way to Wythenshawe Hospital.
It took them three hours to get there - their accessible car had broken down so they had to call the RAC, before finally getting their carer to drive them
The ambulance service say "some wheelchairs' cannot be secured in ambulances, and so it would be dangerous'to transport them."
They told the Manchester Evening News: “I was stressed out and scared – if the reason for my spasms was what the GP had suspected then all the faffing around would have caused paralysis and incontinence.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
“Thankfully it turned out to be muscular in the end, but it's worrying that we're in 2018 and the ambulance service isn't equipped for a lot of disabled people's needs. Awareness needs to be raised.”
A spokesperson for the North West Ambulance Service said: “We are very sorry to hear that Ms Kaur was unhappy with the care they received from us and glad to hear that they are now feeling better.
“There are some wheelchairs which we are not able to safely secure in our ambulances which would put the patient and our staff at risk if a collision occurred, and therefore we are unable to carry them.
"However, we would be happy to look into this for them and would urge Ms Kaur to get in touch with our patient experience team so that we can properly investigate the incident.”
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Cutlery goods worth US$6.990 million were exported during month of December, 2016 as compared to exports of the corresponding month of last year.
During the month of December, cutlery goods exports grew by 5.68 percent as against the exports of same period last year.
The exports of cutlery goods during December, 2015 were recorded at US$ 6.623 million, according the data of Pakistan Bureau of Statistics.
Meanwhile, during first half of current financial year cutlery goods worth US$ 39.154 million were exported as compared to exports of US$39.564 million of same period last year.
Meanwhile, during the period from July-December, 2016-17, country earned US$ 394.80 million by exporting different chemicals and pharma products, which was recorded at US$ 406.601 million in same period last year.
During first two-quarters of current financial year, exports of plastic material recorded 15.7 percent growth as 63,428 metric tons of plastic materials worth US$ 106.368 million exported as compared to 64,295 metric tons valuing US$ 92.436 million of same period last year.
During the period under review, pharmaceutical products worth US$ 107.245 million exported as compared to exports of US$106.60
a million of same period last year.
About 4,222 metric tons of pharmaceutical products exported in
first two quarter of current financial year as compared to exports
of 6,035 metric tons of same period last year, which was up by 1.12
percent.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has nominated former German chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to the board of its biggest oil producer Rosneft as an independent director, according to a government decree published late on Friday.
Chancellor from 1998 to 2005, Schroeder is currently the chairperson of the shareholders' committee of Nord Stream AG, a Gazprom-led consortium established for construction of pipeline carrying Russian natural gas across the Baltic.
Rosneft, in which Russia has a 50 percent plus one share, is under Western sanctions over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis.
Schroeder, who calls Russian President Vladimir Putin their friend, has criticised moves to impose sanctions on Russia.
Their candidacy was put forward as Rosneft plans to increase the number of board directors to 11 from nine, the government said on its website.
If you happened to drive near Oronoco on Monday, you might have seen some interesting action in the skies: A helicopter, dropping loads of what looked like dirt into Oronoco Park.
That helicopter was hard at work dropping seed and straw around Lake Shady and the Zumbro River, as part of the restoration project.
This project stems from the devastation brought about in the floods of 2010, but now, some good is coming out of catastrophe.
Not all weather-related catastrophes end with gloom and doom.
"Take what had been a beautiful little lake in the heart of the city, and turn it into something that was usable," said Terry Lee, the Olmsted County Water Resources Manager.
For instance, Lake Shady was devastated in the floods of 2010, and now, is coming back to fruition.
"Where the dam was, all of that will be completely replaced with a very nice rock rapids with canoe-able, kayak-able waters," said Lee.
But in order to reach any destination, you must first take a journey.
"The idea is to get it stable, to get the whole site stable, so that it won't have as much erosion," explained Lee.
"The seeding will be the oats, so once that comes up, it will stabilize the soil. And the mulch will help in the meantime," they added.
Lee said the early onset of spring delayed the project, and added more costs.
"It adds a cost. It adds a cost that we hadn't anticipated. We wouldn't have had to do this if we finished the project on time," said Lee.
They told us that the project was on par to cost $4.1 million, but with the delay, another roughly $30,000 got tacked on.
So where does the funding come from? Well, there are a few different sources: the state three cent sales tax, bonding money, the City of Oronoco, and Olmsted County.
“That three cent sales tax is specifically for the lake bed and re-establishing a river up here,” said Lee.
Lee also told us the ideal weather that is needed to complete the project.
"We need to have warm, dry weather to just dry out the lake bed. Because with a drier lake bed, we can start to bring the final equipment on and do the final touches," they explained.
Here's an idea of how large those loads that were being dropped by the helicopter actually were: As the helicopter was dropping a load of straw, Lee said the area being covered with that mulch is roughly 50 to 75 feet in diameter!
They also wanted to let everyone know that once the restoration project is complete, it will be part of the Oronoco City Park.
“It's all inside of the flood plane area, so in a really heavy rain, all of this will flood again, so it's limited in what can be done here. The one thing we decided we can do with it is we can turn it back into a park, that will be available not only for the people of Oronoco, but it will be a regional park serving the people of this area,” said Lee.
Again, the hope is that this project will be complete by the dry period of summer.
Integrace has named Karen Moiles, R.N. the community nurse liaison for the Fairhaven and Copper Ridge communities in Sykesville.
In this role, they will foster relationships and communications with local hospitals and other referral sources to ensure the best possible experience for guests transitioning from a hospital setting to Integrace Fairhaven and Integrace Copper Ridge.
Moiles possesses more than 30 years of clinical experience across multiple health care settings. Most recently, they were the community nurse liaison for the University of Maryland Medical System. They have also held previous positions at Levindale Hebrew Geriatric Center and Hospital, Johns Hopkins Hospital and Genesis HealthCare.
Information in Movers and Shakers is provided by the submitter. To submit a mover and Shakers item, visit http://thedailyrecord.com/movers/.
Making Space Food With Space Poop
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Jackson/Getty Images Chris Jackson/Getty Images
Humans have wanted to go to Mars for a long time. NASA says it wants to send people there by the 2030s, while private companies like SpaceX have proposed building colonies on the Red Planet.
There are, of course, a lot of kinks that have to be worked out for us to get there. One of them is living in an enclosed space with a few other people for months on end.
Another is the human need for food. Packing all the food and water for a Mars mission would take up a lot of room and would use lots of fuel. Trying to grow food would use up a lot of energy.
Now, scientists at Penn State think they've found a way for astronauts to create food with help from their own human waste.
Lisa Steinberg, a former postdoctoral astrobiology researcher at the school who now works as a science lab supervisor at Delaware County Community College, told NPR's Scott Simon about how the multistep process works.
"We collect the solid and liquid waste from the astronaut and we put it into a reactor where we have a mixed group of bacteria that break that waste down," they say. "And from that they produce methane, which is a gas. And then that methane can be fed to a second type of bacteria — that it grows up and then the cells themselves have a lot of protein, have a lot of fat."
Penn State News described the model they built:
"They created an enclosed, cylindrical system, four feet long by four inches in diameter, in which select microbes came into contact with the waste. The microbes broke down waste using anaerobic digestion, a process similar to the way humans digest food."
The process can grow a bacterium called Methylococcus capsulatus. It's already in use today as an animal feed.
In the case of the Penn State researchers, their end product looks like a type of "microbial goo," as Steinberg's co-author Christopher House describes it. They told Penn State News that it's similar to the Vegemite or Marmite spreads that people put on toast. The goo has a lot of protein and a lot of fat in it.
The substance "can serve as a supplement to the diet of the astronauts and the life support system," Steinberg says.
It's not quite operational yet.
"To put it in a life support system you would definitely need to have a lot of safety precautions in place," they say. "Astronaut protection would be first and foremost. You would need to make sure that there's no potential of pathogens from the waste getting into the food source."
The researchers didn't actually taste it, Steinberg says. They say people who have tasted the stuff in the past "described it as somewhat bland."
Steinberg has a solution for the good of the astronauts' taste buds, however.
"I recommended just bringing some Sriracha on board," they say, "and that'll make anything taste good."
Tommy Joe Stamper, age 87 of Ripley, Ohio, died Monday, October 2, 2017 at the Hospice of Hope Care Center at Kenton Pointe in Maysville, Kentucky. They were a United States Navy Korean War Era Veteran. Mr. Stamper studied at Berea College and Morehead State University, where they received their Bachelor's degree, and at Xavier University, where they earned a Master's degree in special education. They taught for many decades in Grahn, Kentucky, and in Bentonville, Higginsport and Felicity, Ohio. Mr. Stamper was an active member of the Ripley Church of Christ in Ripley, Ohio. They were an avid gardener and they dedicated much of their time to building churches, both domestically and internationally, and to serving the Lord. Mr. Stamper was born July 20, 1930 in Gregoryville, Kentucky the son of the late Arthur and Clarice (Littleton) Stamper. They were also preceded in death by their wife – Anleah Stamper; stepson – Paul Dane Scheek and granddaughter – Jodi Fenner. Mr. Stamper is survived by their daughters – Pamela Jo (Dana) Brooks and Teresa Ann (Kevin) Harris; daughter-in-law – Kristie Scheek; caregiver and special friend – Mary Lou Hauke; eleven grandchildren – Shauna (Tim) Pounders, Teri (Brad) Edwards, Eric (Kari) Brooks, Daniel (Dusti) Brooks, Aaron (Noelle) Brooks, Katie Fenner, Tyler Fenner, Kyle Harris, Sam Harris, Lindsey (Ben) Poole and Brandon (Erica) Scheek; sixteen great-grandchildren; one sister – Louetta Murphy of Georgetown, Kentucky. Following cremation, a memorial service will be held at 1:00 P.M. Saturday, October 7, 2017 at the Ripley Church of Christ in Ripley, Ohio. Visitation will be from 11:00 A.M. to 1:00 P.M. Saturday, also at the church. Interment of the cremains will follow the memorial service in Pisgah Ridge Cemetery near Ripley with Military Honors provided by the Courts-Fussnecker American Legion Post 367 of Ripley, Ohio. If desired, memorial donations may be made to: Mustard See Ranch (for foster children) 4725 Kuykendall Rd. Cookeville, TN. 38501/ www.mustardseedranchtn.org, Jack Ballard Church Builder's. Inc. Attn: Dale Sikes 614 Beaver Ruin Rd. NW Lilburn, GA. 30047/ www.jbcb.org or St. Jude Children's Research Hospital 501 St. Jude Place Memphis, TN. 38105/ www.stjude.org. Condolences may be sent to the family at: www.cahallfuneralhomes.com
Author Philip Pullman Announces A Follow-Up Trilogy To 'His Dark Materials'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Max Nash/ASSOCIATED PRESS Max Nash/ASSOCIATED PRESS
The hugely successful fantasy trilogy Their Dark Materials will be getting a "companion" trilogy, author Philip Pullman announced this evening.
The first book of the new series, which will collectively be called The Book of Dust, is set for publication on October 19.
The original Their Dark Materials trilogy consists of three volumes (The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass) published between 1995 and 2000. The series has sold over 17.5 million copies and been translated into 40 languages.
The events of the first trilogy took place across several parallel worlds — including our own — and touched on disparate ideas related to theology, particle physics, and the loss of childhood innocence. Characters included a headstrong and fiercely intelligent young girl named Lyra Belacqua, and an armored, talking polar bear.
The Book of Dust will return to the world(s) and characters of Their Dark Materials, Pullman said, and Lyra will be integral to the new story — but not in the way they were before. The first volume will take place a decade before the events of Their Dark Materials, when Lyra is an infant. The second and third volumes will be set ten years after the original trilogy's conclusion, and will follow Lyra as a young woman.
But that doesn't mean what you might expect, Pullman told NPR editor Glen Weldon. They want readers to consider the new work not as a simple extension of the original trilogy, but as a "companion" to it.
"The [new] story begins before Their Dark Materials and continues after it," they said, "... you don't have to read it before you read [the original trilogy] ... this is another story that comes after it, so it's not a sequel, and it's not a prequel, it's an equal."
The title, The Book of Dust, refers to an invisible substance that figures largely in the earlier books — a fictional elementary particle that harbors a mysterious affinity with human consciousness.
"That's what I really wanted to explore in this new work," they said. "More about the nature of Dust, and consciousness, and what it means to be a human being."
Philip Pullman To Follow-Up 'His Dark Materials' Trilogy Philip Pullman To Follow-Up 'His Dark Materials' Trilogy Listen · 10:43 10:43
Pullman has already followed up the original trilogy with two novellas and an audiobook. They said they were motivated to revisit the world of Lyra and their companions with a full trilogy because "I sensed a big story. I sensed the presence, in the way that you do, of another story that hadn't been told, and I went closer and ... thought about it and lived with it for a while and discovered that yes, it was a big story, and it did deserve to be told, it deserves its own books."
Interview Highlights
On where The Book of Dust will fall in the saga
Well, the first book is set roughly ten years before the action of Their Dark Materials. And the second book and subsequent books ... are set ten years after it. So in the first one, Lyra is only a baby of about six months. So she's not able to do very much, but she's certainly the focus of intense activity on the part of the main protagonists. In the second book they will be twenty years old, she'll be an adult....
It's a sort of companion book, if you like. It doesn't stand before [His Dark Materials], it doesn't stand after it, it stands beside it.
On why he's calling it The Book of Dust
Dust is something which terrifies the religious authorities in Their Dark Materials. It seems to have something to do with human consciousness, it seems to have something to do with experience, or as they call it, "sin." But they don't know what it is, or why it's important, and they're terrified of it. Now, in the course of the story, Lyra and their companions discover something about Dust, something important: that it's not a bad thing, it's a good thing.
On whether the overwhelming worldwide reaction to the original trilogy colors their writing of the new one
When I wrote the first series, starting in 1993, I didn't expect more than a readership of about two or three thousand. That's sort of based on previous experience and thinking what sort of book it was, I didn't think it would have very wide audience but maybe a few people would enjoy it. The fact that it was received with such interest all over the world in 40 different languages really did amaze me.
It didn't change what I was doing, though, because I was already in my late 40s when I was starting that, I wasn't a very young writer bowled over by all the response and attention and so on. I was pretty clear and determined about what I was doing and how I was doing it. The only difference it made was that I had a lot more letters to write back. To answer. Nowadays I communicate by Twitter, but back in those days there were a lot of letters to write back, which I duly did.
On their impatient readership
Well, I have a standard answer. When people say "How's The Book of Dust getting along? When's it going to be finished?" I say, with perfect truth, "It is three pages longer today than it was yesterday."
On the criticism their books have received
I've been greatly criticized for the attention to religion that I give in the books, but I've been criticized, on the whole, by people who haven't read the books. My attitude to religion is that religion is a most interesting and extraordinary human phenomenon. I'm fascinated by it, interested in it, and at some points critical of it. And the points when I become critical are the points when politics come into it, and religion acquires political power — political with a small "p," for example, within the confines of a single family, or Political with a large "P," on a national or international scale.
When religion gets the power to tell people how to dress, who to fall in love with, how to behave, what they must not read, what they must not wear, all those things, then religion goes bad. ... Religion is private thing, and a fine thing and a good thing, as long as it remains private. As soon as it becomes public and political, it's dangerous. That's the position I've taken up in the first series and the position this current one takes up as well.
BEIRUT, Aug 13 (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah said on Sunday the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump had no way to harm it, dismissing U.S. sanctions and threats targeting their Iran-backed group.
Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, speaking in a televised address to mark the 11th anniversary of the end of the 2006 war with Israel, said the U.S. administration had no means "to damage the strength of the resistance".
Trump last month called Hezbollah "a menace" to the Lebanese people and to the entire region.
U.S. lawmakers last month introduced legislation seeking to increase sanctions on Hezbollah by further restricting its ability to raise money and recruit and by increasing pressure on banks that do business with it. (Writing by Tom Perry, editing by Larry King)
iOS 11 promises big changes for the app-making world, which means now is the time to master it if you're hoping to keep pace with the industry. Thankfully, the Complete iOS 11 & Swift Developer Course can keep you on the right track with instruction from some of the web's top coding talent.
Featuring instruction from the famed Rob Percival and Nick Walter, this 34-hour collection will walk you through developing on iOS 11 as you build 20 of your own complete apps. Recognized by Business Insider as an elite instructor, Percival will show you how to use tools like Swift 4 and SpriteKit to create your own games and even build clones of popular apps like Instagram and Snapchat. Plus, this training also comes with $100 of AWS credit and $200 worth of unlimited web hosting for a year!
Now, you can take 90 percent off the Complete iOS 11 & Swift Developer Course and get it on sale for $18AUD [$15 USD].
Please note that all deals in the deal store are in US dollars. Additional shipping costs may apply for physical items.
Get this deal
All deals are carefully vetted to ensure relevance and value to Gizmodo readers. Commerce Content is independent of Allure Media editorial and advertising, and if you buy something through our posts, we may get a small share of the sale. Click here to learn more.
Iran Focus
London, 2 Jan - Turkmenistan stopped gas exports to Iran on Sunday in a long-running dispute over arrears, the Iranian state gas company said, days after Tehran said the issue had been temporarily resolved.
"Türkmengaz suddenly and ... in an illogical manner, contradictory to the agreement, halted gas deliveries to Iran this morning, demanding quick payment of the disputed amount," the National Iranian Gas Company (NIGC) said in a statement carried by the oil ministry news website SHANA.
Turkmengaz had no immediate comment, according to Reuters.
Tehran said in December that Turkmenistan had threatened to stop gas exports because of arrears, which amounted to about $1.8 billion and dated back more than a decade. Iran wanted to refer the issue to arbitration.
But on Friday, Iranian oil minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh was quoted by Mehr news agency as saying that Turkmenistan had reached a temporary agreement with Tehran to continue gas exports.
Iran has major natural gas fields in the south but has imported gas from Turkmenistan since 1997 for distribution in its northern provinces, especially during the winter.
LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that Tehran will stand firm against U.S. threats to cut Iranian oil sales, and warned that Washington had not thought about the consequences of such a decision.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani attends a news conference at the Chancellery in Vienna, Austria July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Lisi Niesner
“The Americans say they want to reduce Iranian oil exports to zero. They have talked without thinking carefully. It shows they have not thought about its consequences,” Rouhani was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA on an official visit to Vienna.
While reading Petra Hammesfahr's 1999 novel “The Sinner,” Derek Simonds responded strongly to the “frank” way the story dealt with issues of sexuality, abuse and religion. Although the novel was written with a German sensibility, Simonds wanted to keep the same tone when adapting it for an American audience. They did want to expand the point of view of the characters and the narrative structure, though. Their result was crafted as a suspense thriller that allowed the central character Cora (Jessica Biel) to have a hero's journey despite being a killer, as well as to work as a two-hander with the newly fleshed out Detective Ambrose (Bill Pullman).
Detailing a Dynamic Duo
The novel unfolds from Cora's point of view, which allows the reader insight into their mind. In the early pages, they are clearly “incredibly depressed” and suicidal, haunted by years-ago trauma, says Simonds.
“You're privy to a lot of information that you don't really get from a visual medium like TV,” they say of the book. “In the adaptation we meet someone who has something brewing under the surface, but for all intents and purposes is holding their life together relatively well and is identifiable and relatable as an average wife and mother.”
Related Sterling K. Brown Compares Second Emmy Win to Childbirth 'The Terror' Team on Importance of Tuunbaq Attack Coming From 'Almost Surreal Vantage Point'
Simonds chose to focus more on the act of murder Cora commits as the inciting incident that launched viewers into the series — and then take them on a journey through their psyche.
The journey includes Cora meeting and connecting with Ambrose. While Simonds acknowledges the male detective in the novel, they consider them more of a “cipher” in the story. For the series, Simonds was interested in creating a “really strong relationship” between the characters.
“I kind of created a new thesis for the story. I wanted to see Ambrose and Cora connect as two people who have survived trauma and find healing in each other because of the intimacy they have established,” they say. “In the book they kind of remains a victim who is mentally unstable and the Ambrose character is the one making significant moves. We wanted to shake up that dynamic.”
Reading Between the Lines
“Petra is a brilliant author, and they have a lot going on in this story,” Simonds says, noting that they dropped a particularly “juicy nugget” during a scene in which the detective was interviewing witnesses to the crime and one claimed the victim “let their butcher him.”
“I read that moment, and I was like, as an investigator, if I heard someone say this — that the victim recognized the attacker in this moment — I'd be like ‘This is huge!' ” they say.
Simonds notes that such a revelation pointed “to an entire potential past narrative between these two characters [where] we had assumed they were strangers.” That is one they were able to run with for the USA limited series version of the tale.
In this case, Simonds took the “great idea that popped into the story” and turned it into a whole detective-driven scene to not only give Ambrose “a moment to demonstrate their skills,” but also to add to the feeling of “creeping dread and disorientation” they wanted viewers to have.
“Frankie recognized her, but Cora didn't seem to recognize Frankie,” they say of the man Cora stabbed to death on the beach in the show's premiere.
“Frankie let their hand go and continue stabbing him, which implied a death wish, ultimately,” they continue. “There were all of these interesting psychological things coming into play all at once that I thought deserved a slow unpacking.”
Drayton Entertainment opened its season in the renamed Hamilton Family Theatre in Cambridge Friday night with a sure hit, "Hairspray."
The light and frothy production is a good choice, setting a tone for the fun to come, as Drayton rolls out comedies and musicals in its seven venues this year.
"Hairspray" was here in 2011, after a successful Broadway run in 2007, which led to a movie version the same year.
Though it's fun and lighthearted, there are some poignant moments and messages.
The action takes place in 1962 Baltimore, when chubby teenager Tracy Turnblad is determined to get a spot on a teen television show, the "Corny Collins Show." Tracy, played with high energy by Stephanie Pitsiladis, has all the hallmarks of a girl who would be the target of teasing and bullying. She's more likely to hide away in their parents' dingy apartment than audition for a dancing role on national television. But that's the thing about Tracy, the girl has spirit and they won't let anyone knock them down.
Pitsiladis was in this role when Drayton featured the production in 2011 and they are dynamite. It's hard to imagine a more capable actor for this role, as she's very, very funny. Larry Mannell also returns in the role of their father, the quirky Wilbur Turnblad, who has big dreams but not much success as the owner of a little magic shop. Wilbur, like Tracy, cannot be subdued or discouraged despite their lack of success.
Mannell, too, is wonderful in this role. He's warm and encouraging to their daughter and just kooky enough to be a character worth watching on stage. Their relationship with their wife Edna, played by Wade Lynch, is sweet and funny. Yes there is affection between the two of them, and when they sing a duet about being in love it's hilarious.
Lynch, a beefy, gravely-voiced character, is the antithesis of feminine beauty. And again, the production is giving us a lesson on what's important in life and it's not beauty or success.
At the opposite end of spectrum are the truly horrible racists, Amber Von Tussle, played by Chelsea Preston; and their mother, the Corny Collins's show producer, Velma Von Tussle, played by Jackie Mustakas.
The Corny Collins Show allows Black youth to perform on the show once a month on "Negro Day." As far as Tracy is concerned, every day is Negro Day and they take up the charge to force changes, organizing a protest march. Everyone ends up in jail, but she's not discouraged.
FILE - In this May 4, 2018, file photo, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross leaves their hotel in Beijing. An American business group appealed to China to allow more access to its state-dominated economy ahead of a visit by Ross for trade talks. The American Chamber of Commerce in China said Wednesday, May 30, 2018, that foreign companies welcome Chinese leaders' promises to ease restrictions but said they have yet to follow through on earlier pledges. Mark Schiefelbein, File AP Photo
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina power generation company Central Puerto SA's (CEPU.BA) shares plunged on the Buenos Aires stock exchange on Friday as the weaker-than-expected debut price of its U.S.-listed stock took some air out of a two-year long rally.
The underwhelming debut came a day after airport operator Corporacion America Airports (CAAP.N) also priced its New York initial public offering below initial guidance, raising concerns that surging U.S. bond yields could sour prospects for a wave of Argentine companies racing to list shares on global markets.
“As long as U.S. rates keep rising with this speed, some companies are going to have to rethink whether it is necessary to list now, or if it is better to wait,” said Fernando Camusso, director of investment boutique Rafaela Capital in Santa Fe, Argentina.
Central Puerto shares debuted on the New York Stock Exchange (CEPU.N) at $16.50, below the initial pricing range of $17.50-$21.50 per American Depositary Share (ADS).
While they rallied 7.3 percent on the day to close at $17.70, local shares plummeted 16.7 percent to 35.10 pesos ($1.80) after falling to a one-month low of 32.00 pesos.
One U.S.-traded share is equivalent to 10 in the local market, so the large decline in Buenos Aires essentially reflects the lower-than-expected New York pricing.
Argentine companies including biotech firm Bioceres and food processor Molino Canuelas (MOLC.BA) are looking to follow with overseas listings, taking advantage of investor confidence in President Mauricio Macri's business-friendly policies after more than a decade of populist rule in Latin America's No. 3 economy.
But they could face difficulties from rising Treasury yields, which have hurt global stocks ahead of an expected rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Argentina's benchmark Merval stock index .MERV fell 5.85 percent on Friday, its largest daily percentage drop in over two years, after hitting a record high the prior session.
The index has been supported by rate cuts following the government's loosening of inflation targets in late December, but concern is growing that it might miss the revised target of 15 percent for 2018, which could mean tighter monetary policy.
”When things are good that's where you get the most torque, in the context of an accelerating global economy,” said Kevin Caron, portfolio manager at Washington Crossing Advisors at Florham Park, New Jersey. “On the downside, you should expect to see proportional declines.”
When Dating In The Era Of Divisive Politics, Both Sides Stick To Themselves
Enlarge this image toggle caption dane_mark/iStock dane_mark/iStock
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Trump Supporters Evaluate The First 3 Weeks Of President Trump Listen · 11:12 11:12
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Never hurry and never worry.
Sensible advice from Charlotte, the renowned spider, weaver and hero. But it's a tall order — never?
I decided to start slow, swearing off the hunch-shouldered hustle for an evening. Instead of hurtling through traffic, I stayed put. Instead of banging through dinner prep, I attempted attentive.
Turns out that radishes, like toddlers, are proud of their big bellies. They enjoy a good scrub behind the stems. And their greens can be snipped into all sorts of daring 'dos. Also of note: smearing a platter with herb butter and dotting the butter with fancifully coiffed radishes is compelling, time-consuming work.
Islamabad
Pakistan dominated by 2-0 in the men's singles of the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Zone Group-I tie against South Korea here at grass courts of the Pakistan Sports Complex.
Pakistan's Aisam-ul-Haq outclassed their Korean counterpart Soon Woo Kwon by 2-1 (6-3, 1-6, 7-6). Aisam won the first set by 6-3 while lost the second one to Soon by 1-6 and made a comeback in the final set by 7-6. The match lasted for 1 hour 45 minutes.
In the second match, Aqeel Khan beat Seong Chan Hong by 2-1 (4-6, 7-5, 7-5). The match lasted for 2 hours 43 minutes.
Speaking on the occasion, Aisam expressed delight over winning the singles and said they knew there would be pressure on the Korean players. “I focused on my game and utilized my experience to win the singles,” they said.
Aqeel said there was a huge pressure on them prior to the match as Aisam had won the first singles. “I was very nervous in the game but my team believed in me and supported me,” they said.
They said in the match, they kept on believing in themselves and delivered their best. Pakistan's non-playing captain Hameed ul Haq said Korean team is the tennis power of Asia. “I never thought Koreans would do so well on grass courts,” they said.—APP
Their travel records laid out the situation clearly: A 59-year-old New Jersey doctor was out of the country vacationing for at least 34 days over the last several years, according to federal prosecutors.
But during those vacation days, Dr. Michael Poyin Chang's hour logs at two World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics told another story. When they were out of the country — and even at times when the clinics themselves were closed — Chang said they were treating and prescribing medicine to New York City firefighters who survived the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York.
Chang lied about working on more than 300 days total, including 220 days when they aren't scheduled to work and 81 days when they were on vacation, the fire department's CityTime hour-logging database revealed. That means Chang stole $156,757 — nearly a year's worth of work — from the World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics, prosecutors said.
Chang was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of fraud, according to a criminal complaint filed May 24. They appeared Wednesday before U.S. Judge Sanket J. Bulsaram, prosecutors said. Their alleged wage-stealing scheme went on between 2011 and 2016.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Following their court appearance, Chang was released on $250,000 bond, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office told McClatchy.
U.S. attorney Richard P. Donoghue described the funds Chang allegedly stole as “taxpayer money designated for the medical care of [New York City Fire Department] first responders who put their lives and health at risk in order to save others endangered by the World Trade Center terrorist attack.”
If Chang is convicted, they could face up to 10 years in prison, prosecutors said. Chang had worked at clinics in Queens and Orange County, New York, which is sandwiched between the Hudson River and New Jersey, north of New York City. Chang is a resident of Paramus, New Jersey.
The clinics were funded in part by the U.S. Center for Disease Control during the time Chang worked part-time as a doctor for the city's fire department, prosecutors said.
“Stealing time is fraud,” New York City Department of Investigation Commissioner Mark G. Peters said in a statement announcing Chang's arrest.
During their years working for the city's fire department, Chang had a range of duties centered on helping 9/11 first responders, prosecutors said. Some of their work was examining current firefighters. Another component of their job was performing physicals on retirees. Chang also was responsible for doing follow-up care and prescribing medicine to New York City Fire Department members and retirees, prosecutors said. All of their pay was hourly.
When an audit revealed “significant discrepancies” between Chang's work schedule and the hours they were logging, investigators for the New York City inspector general started looking into Chang's hours, the complaint said.
Work schedules kept by the department's medical office revealed Chang didn't have shifts on the 220 days they falsely claimed to have worked, according to prosecutors. And by digging into U.S. Customs and Border Protection records, investigators discovered Chang wasn't even in the country during at least 34 of the 81 vacation days they pretended to be working, according to the U.S. Attorney's office.
Chang's password for the CityTime hour-logging program was unique to him, according to the complaint. That meant Chang themselves was “solely responsible for documenting their hours, which were not independently verified by their superiors,” the complaint said. Chang entered the hours from a computer at the Orange County clinic.
WeedMD has yet to sell its first bud, but that's not stopping the Aylmer-based medicinal marijuana producer from growing its business.
The budding industrial grow op, located in Imperial Tobacco's shuttered plant, is eying a greenhouse expansion to increase its output tenfold to 300 kilograms per week – but that's not all. The $3 million start-up is getting ready to go public on the Toronto Stock Exchange this spring too.
“It's exciting times and we've certainly been busy,” said Bruce Dawson-Scully, chief executive of WeedMD.
“We have close to 30 employees and we're in full production mode, everything is working very well. We're looking forward to expanding our operations and getting into the market.”
WeedMD's big plans come as the company closes in on its final regulatory hurdle – a Health Canada licence to sell its product.
The medicinal marijuana business got clearance to cultivate plants last spring but wasn't able to sell its buds until it passed a thorough operational review by Health Canada. For the past 10 months, WeedMD has been growing, harvesting, drying and storing its marijuana while federal regulators probed every aspect of the operation.
With no sales, WeedMD has no income source, just up-front costs. After about three years of planning and almost a year of production, Dawson-Scully and their team are eager to get their products out to prescription holders.
“It is a huge investment. To have the burden of full operations without the ability to generate any revenue, there's no question. It's a tough one,” they said.
“We're expecting Health Canada in any day to do that inspection. Once that's complete, then we'll be able to sell.”
While WeedMD awaits a green light from the feds, Dawson-Scully is exploring options for the company's greenhouse expansion and is trying to sort out zoning changes to get the project off the ground. WeedMD's greenhouse wouldn't be your garden variety structure, but a high-security, climate-controlled environment controlled by a state-of-the-art computer system.
As for the company's impending entry into the stock market, Dawson-Scully is looking forward to the opportunities public trading will create.
“We've always sort of operated like a public company in terms of how we've attracted capital and the structure of our company, so it's not a huge shift, but there's definitely interesting times ahead for WeedMD,” said Dawson-Scully.
WeedMD is one of 23 producers in Ontario, and 38 across Canada, with a federal licence to grow or sell the controlled substance. In Southwestern Ontario, WeedMD is among a handful of medicinal marijuana producers, including Natural Med Co. in London, Aphria in Leamington, Emblem Cannabis in Paris, James E. Wagner Cultivation Ltd. in Kitchener, MariCann Inc. in Delhi and 7 Acres in Kincardine.
Despite the regional competition, Dawson-Scully said now is a prime time to expand. With medicinal marijuana going mainstream, and a federal push to legalize recreational use, he's confident WeedMD is well on its way to becoming an industry powerhouse.
“We know that the market we're going to serve is going to be greater than our capacity,” said Dawson-Scully.
“We always knew that we would have to expand. But we wanted to make sure we had the experience and the licence underway and in hand before we jumped ahead.”
--- --- ---
WeedMD
BY THE NUMBERS
$3,000,000 – Est. investment
25,000 sq. ft. – Size of facility
6,000 – Number of marijuana plants
80 – Number of security cameras
30 kg – Buds produced weekly
30 – Employees
12 – Number of weeks from sprout to bud
On Wednesday night ABC will be airing the CMA Music Festival, Nashville's paean to the boot-scootin', honky-tonkin', hoedown throw-down music that the Grand Ole Opry helped build.
As part of the celebrations, some of country music's rising and established stars are going to be streaming in 360 video on YouTube — airing select songs from their performance as if you were there.
As far as modern country goes, the songs aren't terrible (it's modern country, so don't ask for much).
The Cole Swindell song “Flatliner” (featuring Dierks Bentley) wouldn't have been missed on a middling Poison album (because every record has its thorn) and Brett Eldredge's “Somethin' I'm Good At” is good at being inoffensive country pop (as an old Southerner, I like my country music gnarled and ancient like Willie Nelson or Hank Williams).
The 360 video features only work on YouTube in the desktop or mobile version, so don't expect to be able to see it in the embedded videos below.
At best, watching the videos in 360 gives you a sense of the scope and scale of a live performance in a way that somewhat approaches the euphoria an artist must feel in looking out into a crowd of thousands. At worst, with poor direction, a viewer can end up spending a lot of time staring at the armpits of a sea of upraised arms.
Luckily, in both videos directors spend most of their time on the wide shots.
Still, 360 video suffers from the simple fact that it's not as immersive as virtual reality, and the distance between the two is a gulf that's too far to bridge (even in VR, live events lack the… vitality… of an actual live event). It may be the next best thing to the next best thing to being there, but if a fan can, it's probably still better to go there.
Obligatory stuff here: The ABC event airs from 8-11 on ABC on Wednesday the 16th. It's going to be hosted by Thomas Rhett and Kelsea Ballerini and will feature 28 performances from a who's who of country music's hottest stars.
Filmed earlier this summer during CMA Music Festival, the event features Dierks Bentley, Garth Brooks, Brothers Osborne, Luke Bryan, Eric Church, Lady Antebellum, Miranda Lambert and Little Big Town.
Featured Image: ABC Networks/ABC Networks
ASCAP has named former New York Times digital executive Tristan Boutros as Chief Technology Officer, CEO Elizabeth Matthews announced Monday (Aug. 14). They will be based in New York and report to Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer Brian Roberts.
According to a press release, Boutros will lead ASCAP's evolving technology strategy and execution to scale the global IT systems and infrastructure in support of the organization's business-transformation initiatives, encompassing cloud strategy, elastic computing and API roadmap. They were most recently the New York Times' chief of operations.
ASCAP CEO Elizabeth Matthews said, “We are thrilled to welcome Tristan to the ASCAP team. They bring a unique combination of the understanding of third party technology solutions available in the market as a complement to their technical expertise in building internal solutions. Their experience helping top organizations achieve their technology goals make them the perfect person for this role.”
“I am excited to have the chance to create an incredibly robust platform at ASCAP, developing the tools and experiences that further empower our members and licensees; and change the way they work, communicate, and receive payment,” said Boutros. “I look forward to working with the whole team at ASCAP to bring this future to our members, and to unlock new capabilities for all of us.”
Prior to the New York Times, Boutros spent three years as senior vice president of technology and business process at Warner Music Group. They have also held senior technology roles at BlackBerry and IAC.  They are also an adjunct professor of computer science at Columbia University and co-author of several books.
The House of Representative plenary session was thrown into rowdiness on Tuesday morning over calls for impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari by a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, Kingsley Chinda.
The row was over the payment of $496 million to the United States Government by the Buhari administration for the much needed 12 Super Tucano fighter jets.
It followed the reading of President Buhari's letter to the House of Representatives, by Speaker Yakubu Dogara.
Members of both chambers of the National Assembly have been spoiling for a fight over the payment, which they contended was done in breach of the constitution.
The Pentagon last year August notified the U.S. Congress of the sale to Nigeria of the 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $593 million, needed for the fight against the militant group, Boko Haram.
The package includes thousands of bombs and rockets.
The sale was originally agreed by former President Barack Obama's administration but was put off by the Obama administration after incidents including the Nigerian Air Force's bombing of a refugee camp in January that killed 90 to 170 civilians.
But on 2 August, the deadlock was broken by the Pentagon's Defense Security Cooperation Agency, when it announced that the sale would go ahead.
The Super Tucano A-29, an agile, propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance and surveillance as well as attack capabilities, is made by Brazil's Embraer. A second production line is in Florida, in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks, Nevada.
The Super Tucano costs more than $10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration.
It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Madison Square Garden Co:
* THE MADISON SQUARE GARDEN COMPANY REPORTS FISCAL 2018 SECOND QUARTER RESULTS
* Q2 REVENUE ROSE 20 PERCENT TO $536.3 MILLION
* FISCAL 2018 Q2 NET INCOME INCLUDES NON-CASH INCOME TAX BENEFIT OF $113.5 MILLION TO REDUCE CO‘S NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
* DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO MADISON SQUARE GARDEN COMPANY‘S STOCKHOLDERS $7.96 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Authorities say a man went to a New Haven, Connecticut home to meet their date and was robbed by two suspects. Google Maps
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Before its “x-treme early access” arrival on Steam, Boss Key Productions' battle royale reboot wasn't the “Running Man”-inspired, spandex-wearing, neon-mulletted, free-to-play creation of the '80s it is today.
“Radical Heights” was far less radical, involving a lot of “trust mechanics” and gameplay centered on inmates and guards in a prison.
“Originally, what was proposed to us was a battle royale game, but maybe in a prison and with a lot of trust mechanics,” Boss Key creative director Zach Lowery told Variety. “We talked through what that would mean and it becomes a really hard mechanic to build around.”
The dilemma, Lowery said, was that trying to build around a mechanic that had one player raise their hands to not be shot and then relying on the other player to not shoot them, just wasn't going to work. Just one fatal break of that trust and the game would be ruined. So Lowery proposed early on that the team needed to focus more on the fun and that the best way to stand out from the growing pool of battle royale titles was to take a satirical approach to the genre as a whole.
“I spent ten years working on ‘Saint's Row,'” they said. “I know about putting comedy into a game, about bringing something light-hearted and comical to a serious game type.”
Related Cliff Bleszinski Accuses Epic Games of Employee Poaching 'Lawbreakers' Studio Boss Key Unveils Battle Royale Game 'Radical Heights'
The result, after just five months of development, was “Radical Heights,” a game so early in its first access that it has a single gendered character, two hairstyles, and none of its graphics are locked-down completed.
Putting the Radical in “Radical Heights”
It started back in the middle of October, 2017. The Boss Key team had shipped “Lawbreakers,” a hero shooter that sort of fizzled out after a flat launch, and were looking for another project to start on.
“We wanted to take a step back from a huge, grand project and wanted to try something small that we could have fun with,” Lowery said. “The COO at the time proposed that we try to do our own take on a battle royale game. So myself and lead designer Matt Fischman sat down for a couple of days and came up with the core idea of ‘Radical Heights' and then the team started in mid-November.”
The two sat down in an office and spit-balled ideas around the genre.
“I know we kind of pride ourselves at Boss Key on doing interesting takes on genres or ideas,” Lowery said. “Even in ‘Lawbreakers,' we tried to put our spin on a hero shooter. So the idea with this was to take our skills at doing interesting takes and try that out with something that is hot right now.”
After realizing that a prison setting wasn't going to work, the team started thinking of other approaches. They had already thought about “Running Man” as a sort of inspiration when the game was meant to take place in prison. So they stripped out the prison and other darker elements of “Running Man” and aimed for something that leaned much more into the game-show aesthetic.
“Growing up a huge fan of game shows — I still am today –I really enjoyed the carefree craziness of them,” Lowery said. “People are willing to do all kinds of things because they're playing with house money. If they lose, they get some consolation prize, go home and tell stories. I thought it would be interesting to put that idea into a battle royale game. And instead of focusing on the winner, focusing on the 99% who lose and how we make that fun for them.”
The game's '80s aesthetic came from the community manager, who was inspired both by “Running Man” and the fact that the '80s was “really hot right now.”
“The '80s and my love for game shows was a natural fit,” Lowery said. “That was like the height of game shows. And those ideas started to domino on top of each other. We kind of did our spin on ‘The Running Man.' We took it and mixed it with '80s fashion and a world where the contestants want to compete.”
The result, Lowery believes, is a game with a broader appeal than most battle royale games. “Radical Heights” is meant to attract not just fans of battle royale and shooters, but the scavengers. That last element is tied closely to the game's unusual monetization system.
Fabulous Prizes
True to the game-show theme, all of the players in a match of “Radical Heights” are competing for fabulous prizes. Those prizes essentially come in two flavors: there are cosmetic items — spiked bracelets, lace gloves, a red leather jacket — and there is everything else — cash, a trip for two to the Bahamas, a stereo. While the game rewards players with any number of goofy, made-for-game-show prizes, they all translate to “Radical Heights” cash and that cash leaves the match with the player. The cosmetic items also leave with the player, but it just unlocks the ability to purchase that item in the store. Purchases can either be made with the game's own currency or with real-world cash. Once unlocked, a cosmetic item can be used to dress up a character.
The cash adds a second level to the game, making it just as important to scrounge around for prizes, items, and money as it is to be the last one standing at the end of the game. And even if killed, a player takes home a chunk of the prizes and cash they collected. Lowery declined to say how much a player keeps post-death and how much they drop when they die, but they called the loss a death tax.
“It's a percentage based on your rating,” they said. “It's a death tax, but it's also something that gets players to loot bodies. We wanted to make sure we're always pushing someone to take risks.”
Looting bodies is risky because it's possible that someone else heard the gunshots and might kill you when you run up to the body.
“This all goes back to making a game that broad audiences want to play and not just play it with people who like shooters,” they said. “Someone who likes scavenger hunts might play it with me and they'll scavenge while I get their back.”
The idea of prizes brought with it the idea of game-themed challenges in a match which balances risk with reward. Currently, there are three game-show events in the game, though the team knows players want them to make more.
The cash drop literally takes an area on the map and makes it rain cash. Players can run into the area to grab all of the cash they want, but everyone on the map knows where it is and that players may be there trying to get cash and not paying attention to other players.
The spin-to-win game delivers giant spin-to-win machines to different spots on the map. To use them, a player just needs to stand in front of them long enough for them to activate and spit out a prize, typically high-quality gear. But it's noisy and again, other players could be lurking.
Finally, the game has a bike race called special delivery. Lowery said the team still has work to do on it, because it's the least-used of the three. The idea is that a bike appears at the start of a marked course on the map and the first player to get it to the finish line gets a set of armor that can only be unlocked by winning the race. Of course, the risk isn't just that you have to ride the bike; the bike is also playing really loud music as you race.
Danger Zone
The other major change that the team brought to the battle royale genre is “Radical Heights'” take on the safe zone. Instead of featuring a circular safety zone, “Radical Heights” uses a grid system that turns specific square plots of land on the map into danger zones. Inside the zones, just like being outside the circles of “Fortnite” or “PUBG,” a player takes constant damage.
“After we broke down the mechanic, we realized it was a simple way to push people into combat,” Lowery said. “But we knew we wanted to do something that made sense for a game show.”
So when the game starts, as players are dropping down to the earth, they'll see a pattern of these danger zones on the map. Sometimes it's a random pattern, but it could also form the face of a giant smiling face, a space invader, or maybe a checkerboard. “We have a handful of patterns and we throw them in there to mix things up,” Lowery said.
Once you've landed, just like most battle royale games, players spend time scrounging for weapons to survive. When the time creeps down to a certain point, the map tells players that the danger zones are growing, which they do randomly. As the grid fills in, players are still pressed toward one another, but then when the game reaches a certain player count or time limit, the game triggers the Showcase Shootout.
The Showcase Shootout turns the entire map into a danger zone, with the exception of one small circle of safety. Once the survivors arrive and the time runs out, the lighting changes, with a massive spotlight shining down on the final killing zone. As the players fight to be the last one standing, the circle constantly shrinks until there is a winner. Lowery said he's watched maps where it comes down to two players standing on either side of a car as the circle closes in on them.
“It will get very small,” they said.
X-treme Early Access
“Radical” launched earlier this month in what Boss Key called “x-treme early access.” The extreme spelling of the early access may sound like the developer is simply making an '80s reference, but the game is in a surprisingly early, though still playable, state.
Lowery said that while the “x-treme” was in part branding, it was also a call-out to the fact that the game, when it went live on Steam, was only five months into development by a team of about 40.
“We knew we had a very solid core loop and that the playability was there,” they said. “But we are launching in early access so things are going to be missing. When you go up to the bike and press e, you just pop onto the bike without any animation. It doesn't take away from the experience of the gameplay, but we know it needs work.”
They said the team wanted to get the game up as soon as they knew that the core loops of combat, travel, collecting, and the game show were locked in. “The animations could probably be better, but we can fix those,” they said. “They're not taking away from the core experience.”
The main reason the game is live now is because the team wants to make sure that there is an audience for what they're building. “We wanted to get the game out there early to an audience to make sure they want the game and so we can start collecting feedback on what we need to double down on.”
Currently, they added, while there are some locations or buildings in the game that have the basic final look of the game, nothing is completely finished. A bulk of the buildings, though, don't even have textures or colors. There's currently a lot of grey in the game. That's because, Lowery said, the team wants players to check out the different shapes and designs of the buildings so the developers can hone how they work on the game before investing a lot of time on art.
“This lets us work quickly and make sure what's right in the game,” they said. “‘Embrace the jank' is our internal philosophy. We know there are some broken things, but we need to make sure that we are also taking steps every single patch to improve the quality of the game. From here on out, everything needs to bring up the quality.”
CREDIT: Boss Key Productions
The early access also means that the team, which Lowery calls small and agile, can make quick, even substantial changes to the game if it makes sense.
“When we started out building ‘Radical Heights,' myself and Matt Fischman, we wanted to make sure we were building a platform that could grow. We approached it as a sandbox game.That means our game doesn't have to stay a battle royale game as we go through early access. There are also other elements we could add to it, like PVE. You have a lot of freedom when you self-publish and do it quickly.”
“Radical Heights,” they added, is more the product of early access and this age of game development than a reaction to the rise of battle royale games.
“Early access is an interesting thing,” they said. “I think you're going to see more and more and more of it over the next few years. Five years ago, not many were doing early access. But the audience has changed and the industry is going through a sort of renaissance period.”
“Radical Heights” 2.0
There's a lot of work to be done on “Radical Heights” and plans for a constant stream of patches and hot fixes, but Lowery said the team doesn't have a fixed schedule for updates, at least not yet. The next big update is coming soon, they said, and is focusing on getting a female character into the game.
And it sounds like this is the sole, or nearly the sole focus on Boss Key Productions. While Lowery wouldn't say what the studio's headcount is, they did say that most everyone in the company is working on “Radical Heights.” They also declined to give Variety any player concurrent count, though they did say that they thought 1,200 wasn't accurate. “We have a very healthy user base and it's continuing to bring in new players,” they said. “The people who are playing the game, it doesn't seem like they perceive it as anything but an original take on an existing genre.”
Imperial Valley News Center
USNS Comfort Underway to Provide Aid from the Sea in Puerto Rico
San Juan, Puerto Rico - The Military Sealift Command hospital ship USNS Comfort (T-AH 20) got underway October 5, to provide aid from the sea in Puerto Rico after completing a planning phase in San Juan with local and federal stakeholders to synchronize efforts to provide humanitarian assistance.
"We have laid out a plan for Comfort to operate in the areas that have the most immediate direct need to relieve pressure on local and regional hospitals as directed by the Puerto Rican Department of Health and U.S. Health and Human Services," said Capt. Kevin Robinson, mission commander onboard Comfort.
Additional mission assignments for the Comfort are expected to be scheduled based on assessments by the Department of Defense, Federal Emergency Management Agency and Puerto Rico's Office of Emergency Management and will deploy appropriately to help those needing medical services.
In addition to identifying the medical needs of Puerto Rico, Comfort personnel treated a total of 66 patients during its stay in San Juan, including 10 who were admitted for further care aboard the ship. Comfort staff also hosted a medical summit with local and federal officials, including Gov. Ricardo Rossello, the governor of Puerto Rico and Dr. Jerome Adams, the surgeon general of the United States, to coordinate efforts for the ship's current mission of providing help and concentrating humanitarian assistance throughout the area.
The Comfort's enduring primary mission is to provide an afloat, mobile, acute surgical medical facility to the U.S. military that is flexible, capable and uniquely adaptable to support expeditionary warfare. Its secondary mission is to provide full hospital services to support U.S. disaster relief and humanitarian operations worldwide.
Photo: Dreamstime
Travel and Leisure reports Air Mattress company INTEX conducted a survey which reveals 52% of American adults have made up excuses “specifically to avoid uncomfortable sleeping arrangements” at a relative's home during a holiday.
Why such a high percentile? Of those surveyed, 81% say they've previously experienced less than comfortable sleeping at other's homes, including 62% saying they had to sleep on a sofa.
It comes down to quality rest and feeling your best with those you love and care about.
Here is Travel & Leisure's guide to booking a cheap hotel room for the holidays.
Here's to good sleep! Cheers.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 9:19 pm |
NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks rallied Monday as technology companies and banks helped companies regain a lot of the ground they lost last week, although the calm that has defined the market this year wasn't quite restored.
Almost 90 percent of the Standard & Poor's 500 index finished higher. Technology stocks outpaced the rest of the market following a strong report on the state of Japan's economy. Last week, rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea sent stocks to some of their biggest losses in 2017. That eased Monday after officials said fighting is not imminent.
But while stocks climbed, investors weren't ready to loosen their grip on some traditionally safe investments. Bond prices slipped only by a small amount and gold finished a little lower, while silver prices rose.
The S&P 500 jumped 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71. The Nasdaq composite added 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies climbed 20.08 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,394.31.
Among technology companies, Apple added $2.37, or 1.5 percent, to $159.85, and Microsoft picked up $1.09, or 1.5 percent, to $73.59. After two days of losses, Nvidia jumped $12.44, or 8 percent, to $168.40 as chipmakers made outsize gains.
Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.22 percent from 2.19 percent late Friday. That helped banks, as higher bond yields mean higher interest rates and greater profits on mortgages and other loans.
Bank of America climbed 56 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $24.42 and JPMorgan Chase gained $1.07, or 1.2 percent, to $92.49.
U.S. crude oil lost $1.23, or 2.5 percent, to $47.59 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, shed $1.37, or 2.6 percent, to $50.73 a barrel in London. Energy companies finished with modest losses.
Numerous companies used the weekend to complete deals.
VF Corp., which owns North Face, Vans and other brands, said it will buy work clothes maker Williamson-Dickie for $820 million. Its stock added $1.92, or 3.1 percent, to $63.50.
Equipment rental company Neff said it received a buyout offer worth $25 per share, or $596 million. It did not say who made the offer, but Neff said its board has decided the new offer is superior to a bid from H&E Equipment Services that the company accepted last month. H&E Equipment has the right to match the new offer. Neff climbed $4.15, or 19 percent, to $26. H&E's offer valued Neff at $21.07 a share.
H&E Equipment lost 66 cents, or 3.1 percent, to $20.93.
Gold fell $3.60 to $1,290.40 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.12 an ounce. Copper dipped 1 cent to $2.90 a pound.
The dollar rose to 109.63 yen from 109.04 yen. The euro fell to $1.1782 from $1.1824.
In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 4 cents to $1.58 a gallon. Heating oil fell 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas slid 2 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Germany's DAX jumped 1.3 percent and the CAC 40 in France gained 1.2 percent. In Britain, the FTSE 100 index added 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.4 percent and the South Korean Kospi rose 0.6 percent. Japanese stocks fell sharply as investors played catch-up after an extended holiday weekend. The Nikkei ended 1 percent lower.
Peter Cvjetanovic didn't anticipate that a photo of them marching at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia would go viral. But that's exactly what happened.
Now, the University of Nevada, Reno senior is facing calls for their expulsion and condemnations on multiple fronts, including from their own university.
In the days following the “Unite the Right” rally in Virginia, Cvjetanovic has spoken to multiple media outlets about the photo, which depicts them chanting and holding a tiki torch as they walk across the University of Virginia campus on Friday.
This angry young man is Peter Cvjetanovic, a student at @unevadareno pic.twitter.com/7rLGJkcT3o — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
The events were organized in response to the city's planned removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee and often dissolved into violence between groups of protesters and counter-protesters.
“I understand the photo has a very negative connotation. But I hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo,” Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science, told Channel 2 News in Nevada.
Cvjetanovic went to the march because they support the message that “white European culture has a right to be here just like every other culture” and wanted to “honor and respect” what Lee “stood for during their time,” they told Channel 2.
“As a white nationalist, I care for all people. We all deserve a future for our children and for our culture. White nationalists aren't all hateful; we just want to preserve what we have,” Cvjetanovic said.
After Twitter users, including Cvjetanovic's classmates, identified them as a UNR student, university president Marc Johnson issued a statement Sunday acknowledging that one of the Charlottesville marchers did, indeed, attend UNR. The statement did not name Cvjetanovic directly.
when the main dude in this photo is in most of your history classes and always spouts fascist and racist comments pic.twitter.com/PIH3uXbqaZ — Bailey M. Gamberg (@bayymontana) August 12, 2017
Their name Peter Cvjetanovic. They go to UNR.  They are a fascist. https://t.co/nrEJ3ODMzf — Mr. Donald-Fritos (@Xspearment) August 12, 2017
“Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society,” Johnson said. “These movements do not represent our values as a university … As an institution, we remain firm in our commitment in denouncing all forms of bigotry and racism, which have no place in a free and equal society.”
Johnson added that violence “has no place on our campus” and that greater understanding of others will come through “open, honest, non-violent discussion and exploration of all ideas.”
And @PresMarcJohnson put out this statement in response… "Racism and white supremacist movements have a corrosive effect on our society.. pic.twitter.com/7bMjz0fMGP — Benjamin Margiott (@BenMargiott) August 13, 2017
The statement does not mention calls for Cvjetanovic to be disciplined, expelled or fired from their on-campus job. A Change.org petition demanding that Cvjetanovic be expelled and fired from their university job has earned over 16,000 signatures and counting in just over 24 hours. The petition's author did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
A spokesperson for UNR would not say if the university was considering disciplinary action against Cvjetanovic. Students have said they are reporting Cvjetanovic to the university's student conduct office.
“The University is still monitoring the situation and reviewing information,” UNR communications manager Natalie Savidge told USA TODAY College. They confirmed that, as of Monday, Cvjetanovic was a student at UNR and employed by the university.
Alumni are also calling for Cvjetanovic to be expelled, including Johanna Jacobson, an alumna who penned an open letter to Johnson in the Reno Gazette-Journal. They wrote that Cvjetanovic remaining a student “devalues” them degree.
“I am not a disinterested member of the public stirred up by sensationalism, calling for blood,” Jacobson wrote. “I am an alumna and a concerned citizen, calling for the expulsion of a student who has brought shame upon our university, who casts doubt upon the effectiveness of the history and political science departments, and who brings unnecessary liability to the UNR campus.”
Cvjetanovic told Channel 2 that they do not think administrators have the right to expel them from a public university.
“I went to a legal political rally to express my freedom of speech,” Cvjetanovic told Channel 2. “I committed no acts of violence, and dispersed when told that the rally had become illegal. Therefore I did nothing illegal at that rally. I am allowed to express my political beliefs, and if UNR does expel me, then it is a clear violation of my First Amendment (rights).”
But Cvjetanovic also told KRNV News 4 that they are not confident they will hold their campus job much longer, which requires a “lot of human interaction.” It's unclear exactly what the job is.
In addition, Cvjetanovic told the Reno Gazette-Journal that they have received death threats that have been “violent and graphic.” They plan to report at least five of them to the Reno Police Department. Savidge did not respond to a question about how the university would handle conflicts between Cvjetanovic and other students, who are due to return to campus on August 28.
Classmates and student groups have already spoken out about their experiences and ties to Cvjetanovic.
Bethanie Cooper, the president of UNR's College Republicans, issued a statement after a photo of Cvjetanovic at a College Republicans event with Sen. Dean Heller (R-NV) circulated on social media.
Thank you @NVSOS and @DeanHeller for taking the time to speak with us at the 2017 @WashoeGOP Lincoln Day Dinner. #BattleBorn pic.twitter.com/Mf4uQnuHku — College Republicans (@unrcr) February 26, 2017
Heller later responded to the photo by stating they did not know Cvjetanovic:
I don't know this person & condemn the outrageous racism, hatred and violence. It's unacceptable & shameful. No room for it in this country. https://t.co/6yQqKZRowb — Dean Heller (@SenDeanHeller) August 13, 2017
Cooper said their group is “working diligently” with the university community to address allegations that a member — presumably Cvjetanovic — was involved in the rally at UVA. Cooper did not immediately reply to a request for comment on whether Cvjetanovic will be banned from their organization.
“These dangerous beliefs will never have a place in the College Republicans or at the University of Nevada,” Cooper wrote. They added that the group's leadership “has not and never would be involved in such violent and hate fueled demonstrations.”
"[T]hese dangerous beliefs will never have a place in the College Republicans or at the University of Nevada." pic.twitter.com/3k61GHtF93 — College Republicans (@unrcr) August 13, 2017
Cvjtanovic's first-year student year roommate, Ed Donofrio, told KRNV News 4 that Cvjtanovic “once told a person of color that they deserve to be discriminated against.” Donofrio expects Cvjtanovic to have a rocky start to their senior year due to their participation in the rally.
“He's not going to have a fun time when they come back to campus, though, I can promise you that,” Donofrio said. “A lot of people are very angry at him.”
Haley Samsel is an American University student and a USA TODAY digital producer.
Suspect Arrested In Death Of N. Korean Dictator's Half-Brother
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Was Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve performance sabotaged by TV executives for ratings? Carey ran head-on into disaster when they were singing at Times Square only to get caught lip syncing to their music on Dick Clark's New Year Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2017. TMZ reports that Mariah Carey's camp believes they were sabotaged by studio execs for the sake of scoring high ratings for the live show. They were seen performing with their backup dancers, but was clearly having issues with their earpiece as the song continued playing. The Grammy-winning singer eventually pulled out the earpiece in an attempt to get back on track, but it didn't work. According to the report, Mariah Carey thinks they were sabotaged because their camp complained several times to executives of Dick Clark Productions that their ear pieces weren't working. When Carey did an interview with Ryan Seacrest an hour before they appeared on the stage at Times Square, that they were having problems with the equipment. They were heard telling Seacrest in one segment of the interview that they couldn't hear him. It was after the interview when Mariah's people took their concerns to execs that the “inner ears” weren't working. They were informed that the ear equipment would be on a different frequency when they were on stage and no problems would occur. Mariah Carey's Team Claims Sabotage for Ratings (VIDEO) https://t.co/Nn6sVLOoqg — TMZ (@TMZ) January 1, 2017 Minutes prior to Carey going on stage, panic set in when they couldn't hear anything. Them team was told that the tent they're getting prepared in muffled the sound, but would be sufficient on stage. Things began to unravel when Mariah's mic pack wasn't working because the battery was dead. Although the battery pack was changed out, the singer got suspicious when they took to the stage early to do a test. They aren't able to hear anything in their inner ear. Them camp says they complained over and over, but no resolution came of it. They only went on stage because they didn't want to back out of their agreement. Mariah Carey believes they were sabotaged because it didn't end there. When they got on stage, the prompter for their lyrics and stage cues wasn't functioning, either. Frustrated during the performance, Mariah tore out their earpiece in a last ditch effort to hear the music, but the crowd drowned it out. All of these instances were too coincidental to be an accident, according to Mariah's people. They allege the TV executives engaged in sabotage “so they could get Mariah drama.” Mariah Carey's people also sent off an email to an executive at Dick Clark Productions, reading, “This is sabotage.” In response to Mariah Carey's “sabotage” allegations, source with Dick Clark Production deny they did anything to deliberately ruin their performance on New Year's Eve. They tell TMZ that the “sabotage” claim is “silly,” because they chose not to do a sound check and had someone else do it instead. They insist that eight monitors were on stage amplifying sound — stating that even without an inner ear, Mariah shouldn't have had any problems hearing the music adequately. They also accuse Mariah of altering their story since they originally said the track was wrong, but Dick Clark sources assert that their people provided them the track list. Dick Clark Productions just put Mariah's camp on blast over “absurd” over sabotage allegations (via @toofab) https://t.co/niz4HHxJF4 — TMZ (@TMZ) January 2, 2017 Representatives with Dick Clark tell Daily Mail that claims they would “intentionally compromise” an artist is “defamatory, outrageous, and frankly absurd.” The statement from reps went on to say that in “very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance.” Mariah Carey was open about their frustration at the New Year's Eve performance, telling the crowd they were ‘trying to be a good sport here” and that “it is what it is. It just doesn't get any better” before storming off the stage. “I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?” Carey later said. Mariah Carey went to Instagram addressing the doomed performance with “s**t happens.” Is it possible that Mariah Carey's performance was sabotaged for ratings New Year's Eve or did it all amount to technical malfunctions? [Featured Image by Eugene Gologursky/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
NAWABSHAH, Jul 04 (APP):Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party Bilawal Bhutto Zardari claimed that Party would prove to be victorious in coming general election with thumping majority as its leadership and workers rendered a lot of sacrifices for the democracy.
They were addressing a press conference here at Zardari House on Wednesday during their election campaign, Bakhtawar Bhutto Zardari, former Sindh Chief Ministers Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Syed Murad Ali Shah, Ex Minister Manzoor Wasan and Dr Azra Fazal Pechohu were also present on the occasion.
Bilawal claimed that “Mujhay Keeon nikala” did nothing for poor people of Pakistan nor it gave any program to end poverty in their manifesto while Tehrik Insaf did nothing but made tall claims.
They claimed that PPP if voted to power would introduce “Kisan Card” and “Bhook Mitao Program” to end poverty. They said that water issue in Pakistan has turned serious and India was doing water
terrorism.
They claimed that dams are essential to resolve water issues and PPP would construct new dams when returned to power. They said that three provinces had reservations on the issue of Kalabagh Dam.
Declaring GDA as puppet alliance, it had vested interests, adding that anti PPP alliance has no importance in Sindh.
Bilawal claimed that the aims of PPP are the aims of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto for which we would continue to step forward and there is no one to stop us.
They claimed that people are with PPP and their big receptions in small and big cities would be remembered for ever.
To a question regarding election boycott by Pakistan Muslim League (N), they said that boycott of election is not a democratic norm and PPP is against it.
They claimed that if PML(N) is looking its loose in coming election and looking ways to flee then it would not be justified.
They claimed that election is a race and all political parties shall take part in it and people would decide and no one can win the election with show of power and threats.
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari claimed that some people and circles were finding excuses in delaying the elections, which aims at extracting vested interests.
They claimed that the stance of PPP is of holding of elections in time and the train of democracy shall continue to run. They said that it is the reason, they were visiting streets, towns and cities of Sindh for election and meeting people.
Regarding aliens, they said that there was no such creature. Bilawal claimed that PPP is fully working in Punjab and it would participate in election with full strength.
They said that PPP has ideological differences with other parties and added that alliance can not be made with Pakistan Tehrik Insaf as PPP disagree with every policy of PTI.
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But they also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. Their diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
They didn't fawn over Trump, reach for their hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. They kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike their father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged them to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward their many pronouncements.
They said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference they called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
10 hours ago by Eric Loveday
If reservation numbers are sequential, there's a chance that Tesla has logged over 1,230 Semi reservations to date.
As we've previously reported, Tesla (or other corporations placing Semi orders) have made it publicly known that Semi reservations are at least as high as 190 units. However, those are just publicly announced figures. Surely there are a lot more orders that for one of several reasons have remained out of the spotlight.
Now it seems we may have a solid grasp on the actual reservation figures, provided reservations numbers are sequential.
Check out this Instragram post from Elemental Landscapes LTD. It appears to show that the company has reservation #1,230 for the Tesla Semi:
If in fact Tesla has that number of order or more, than the automaker is sitting on at least some $24.6 million in reservation cash (provided all the reservations are for the lesser non Founder's Series Semi) or up to some $246 million if all reservations to date are for the Founder's Series. That amount of money will go a long way in funding such actions as tooling up for more Model 3 production and/or refreshing the Model S.
Source: Instagram via Green Car Reports
We just received word from the Honolulu Police Department that the military will be conducting a controlled blast at 6:15 p.m. on Farrington Highway in Nanakuli.
The blast may be heard for several miles.
No other information is available at this time.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Abacus Property Group:
* ABACUS ACQUIRES TWO CBD CITY FRINGE BUILDINGS FOR $142.35 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CINCINNATI -- Cincinnati Bengals coach Marvin Lewis sounded like they were joking last Wednesday when they said No. 9 overall pick John Ross' shot to get some playing time might be at cornerback instead of wide receiver.
But they actually aren't joking at all.
"“I think he'll have an opportunity. It might be at cornerback," Lewis said. "He's done it, he's played it (laughs). That was the first video I ever saw of John Ross, was them playing cornerback. But yes, this is a good opportunity for John to possibly be suited up this week."
Bengals rookie wide receiver John Ross played some cornerback in college. Ian Johnson/Icon Sportswire
Ross was one of a few options the Bengals considered to play cornerback due to a severely depleted secondary. On the day Lewis made their statement, three cornerbacks -- Dre Kirkpatrick, Adam Jones and Darqueze Dennard -- didn't practice with injuries. Safeties Shawn Williams and Brandon Wilson were also held out of practice. The Bengals were also waiting on a decision about George Iloka's pending suspension.
If all of those players had ended up unavailable, the Bengals would likely have to move cornerback Josh Shaw to safety. That would have left only William Jackson III and the little-used KeiVarae Russell at cornerback.
Ross landed on injured reserve that very day due to a lingering shoulder problem, so the idea never even came to light. Jones ended up on injured reserve and Dennard was able to play. Kirkpatrick and Williams sat out, while Tony McRae was promoted from the practice squad.
But defensive coordinator Paul Guenther had considered the possibility. Ross was one of several candidates to line up at emergency cornerback if needed. McRae, who only took five snaps on defense, likely played the role that Ross would have played.
"At the beginning of the week we only had a certain amount of DBs we were going to have available so we tried to scour the roster and see if guys may have played DB in college," Guenther said. "John was one of them. We had a couple other guys we talked about taking reps at safety just in case of in an emergency situation. You have to have your bases covered."
Although the idea of a player drafted in the top 10 as a receiver playing cornerback might seem odd, Ross actually has experience at the position. They started four games at cornerback as a college sophomore in 2014, playing both nickel and outside corner, and even had an interception.
"I had a nice corner blitz up for him," Guenther joked.
(Reuters) - United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) Chief Executive Officer Greg Hayes is planning to leave following completion of the company's integration with Rockwell Collins Inc (COL.N), Bloomberg reported on Monday.
FILE PHOTO - United Technologies Chairman and CEO Greg Hayes gives an interview to CNBC on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., September 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Hayes has discussed a plan with the company's board to leave after the integration, which is expected to take about three years, according to the report. (bloom.bg/2ICl4YP)
They could stay as long as five years, depending on the pace of the merger and whether United Tech pursues the breakup it promised to explore later this year, Bloomberg reported.
United Tech, which makes Pratt & Whitney jet engines, had said last month it was exploring a breakup of its business portfolio, including jet engines, elevators and air conditioners.
The company had struck a deal to buy avionics and interiors maker Rockwell Collins last year.
“To be clear, Mr Hayes intends to continue to remain focused on executing UTC's priorities for years to come,” the company said in a emailed statement to Reuters in response to requests for comments on the Bloomberg story.
United Tech shares have lagged the broader market under Hayes as the company spent heavily on developing the new fuel-saving geared turbofan engine and as sales of Otis elevators were pressured due to a supply glut in China.
Separately, Boeing Co (BA.N), which had raised concerns about the deal last year, reached “win-win agreements” with both the companies, Boeing said on Monday.
“We have provided consent to their (United Tech and Rockwell Collins) transaction under our contracts,” Boeing said.
United Tech's shares closed down about 1 percent at $127.20 on Monday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. CLAIR COUNTY, IL – The suspected gunman in the shooting of a U.S. Congressman in Alexandria, VA is from the Belleville area.
That fact has prompted reactions of surprise from those who live near the suspects home in rural St. Clair County and those who knew James Hodgkinson.
Fox 2's Katherine Hessel has the story.
Charlie Bard/Shutterstock.com
You don't have a crystal ball
Before June 23, 2016, very few predicted the Brexit referendum would pass. The stunning result led to an immediate slide in the market, with the Dow Jones alone skidding more than 600 points. Then the markets recovered. By the end of June, everything was back to more or less normal.
Even if you could've correctly guessed that Brexit would happen, chances are slim that you'd have been able to predict the movements of the S&P 500 and London's FTSE, which dipped and then hit record highs.
There's no point – right now, anyway – in bracing for a bad outcome, says Raghu Suryanarayanan, a London-based economist and the executive director at MSCI, an index company that provides investment decision analysis.
360b/Shutterstock.com
Not a big-deal trade partner for U.S.
The U.K. will have to renegotiate its trade deals with European countries, and it's anyone's guess how these negotiations will go.
Germany, for example, could be a tough negotiator, says Tom Clift, chief investment strategist of Envestnet in Boston.
"(Germany) can make an example of them and make it as difficult as possible," they say.
But this doesn't really affect the United States.
The U.S. doesn't do a lot of trades with the U.K. For instance, the United States' total Chinese imports for 2016, according to the Census Bureau, hit $463 billion. From the U.K., our imports totaled just $54 billion.
August_0802/Shutterstock.com
It could be good for your wallet
The United States could see cheaper imported goods from the U.K., if the value of the British pound, which in October 2016 fell to a 31-year low against the dollar, weakens even more.
Luxury goods may or may not drop in price, but that lower pound makes a Burberry jacket or a Ted Baker handbag a little more affordable.
Your dream trip to London or the Lake District gets easier, too. Here's more on how Brexit will affect your travel.
mikecphoto/Shutterstock.com
Spending could boost U.K. economy
After the Brexit vote, people reached into their wallets and spending increased.
"Half the (U.K.) was happy with result and was celebrating," says Katrina Lamb, head of investment strategy and research for MV Financial in Bethesda, Maryland.
Consumer spending drove a 0.4 percent growth in the services sector in the month after the vote, according to the U.K.'s Office for National Statistics.
g-stockstudio/Shutterstock.com
A solid portfolio can withstand shocks
The standard idea from investing experts still holds true: Keep a well-diversified portfolio.
And don't try to predict how events like Brexit will impact your investments.
"It's a really bad idea to try to outguess any of these single events," Lamb says.
CARD SEARCH: Heading to the U.K. soon? Grab a credit card that charges no foreign transaction fees.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Final Koenigsegg Agera RS during Vmax200 event in April, 2018 Enlarge Photo
Koenigsegg's Agera RS is now out of production but the car is still obliterating records.
On Saturday, the very last Agera RS ever built, a blue example owned by Neil Miller, hit 242 mph over a set distance of 1.3 miles at a Vmax200 event near Leicester in the United Kingdom. Vmax200 is similar to the standing mile events run here, but each Vmax200 event is hard to directly compare because the set distances often vary.
Miller's Agera RS broke the previous Vmax200 record of 240 mph over a set distance of 1.4 miles achieved by a Koenigsegg One:1 in 2016. Miller wasn't doing the driving, however. Instead the keys were handed over to Koenigsegg test driver Niklas Lilja.
“We had to do a little fine tuning on the active rear wing as we progressed through the day so we probably left a few mph on the table for next time,” Lilja said at the end of the day. “Overall, though, it was a very satisfying event and a good way to back up the experience we had setting five new world records in Nevada last year.”
Among those five world records mentioned by Lilja is the production car land speed record of 277.9 mph achieved by another Agera RS.
You might be wondering how an Agera RS, despite being heavier than a One:1, was able to come out on top at the recent Vmax200. It turns out the One:1 used during the 2016 event was governed to 240 mph and actually hit that speed well before the finish line. It would be fun to see a rematch with the One:1 running without its governed top speed.
Miller's Agera RS is one of three final edition cars. Buyers were able to specify any elements previously used on Agera-based cars, including the One:1 flagship—at no additional cost. No doubt the most popular was the One:1's engine upgrade to bump the power rating to 1,341 horsepower.
Brazilian researchers found that the root spittlebug nymph produces bubbles from the suction of sap to form a thermal insulator-foam that maintains an optimal body temperature during development.
Tiny balls of froth can often be seen near the roots of plants in sugarcane plantations in Brazil during summer. The foam protects nymphs of the root spittlebug Mahanarva fimbriolata, a major pest of crops and pasture throughout the Neotropics.
Researchers at the University of São Paulo's Luiz de Queiroz College of Agriculture (ESALQ-USP), in collaboration with colleagues at the same university's São Carlos Physics Institute (IFSC-USP), have discovered that the insect produces the foam to protect itself from temperature fluctuations in the external environment.
The temperature inside the ball of froth is similar to that of the soil and ideal for the insect's development, remaining constant during the day even as the sun heats the ground. An article describing the study has been published in Scientific Reports.
"The theory that the foam produced by the spittlebug serves in thermoregulation [maintenance of an optimal body temperature] has been around since the 1950s but has never been proven until now. We obtained proof by means of direct analysis," said José Maurício Simões Bento, co-author of the study.
(Watch a video showing a spittlebug forming a ball of froth here: https:/ / www. youtube. com/ watch?v= kEs8leBCee8 )
The investigation was carried out within the scope of one of Brazil's National Institutes of Science & Technology (INCTs), an initiative from the Brazilian Federal Government developed in partnership with various funding institutions in the country. Bento is principal investigator for INCT Semiochemicals in Agriculture, which has support from the São Paulo Research Foundation - FAPESP.
The researchers had already observed a sharp increase in spittlebug numbers on sugarcane plantations in São Paulo State after the 2016 ban on pre-harvest sugarcane burning. The nymphs in their foam typically appear around the roots between the summer months of November and March, when atmospheric humidity is low and the soil is wet because of the rainy season.
To determine whether the foam does indeed confer thermal protection during this crucial stage of the insect's development before it reaches the adult stage, the researchers conducted field experiments, monitoring temperatures inside and outside of the foam and the soil on a sugarcane plantation in the Piracicaba region of São Paulo State on a warm summer's day when temperatures fluctuated significantly.
Their analysis showed that while external temperatures ranged from 24.4 °C to 29.2 °C, the temperature inside the foam remained constant throughout the day at approximately 25 °C, which is ideal for the nymph stage and similar to the typical soil temperature.
"We confirmed that the foam provides thermal protection for the insects during this stage of their development," said Mateus Tonelli, a PhD student in entomology at ESALQ-USP and another co-author of the study.
Thermoregulatory mechanism
To gauge the foam's thermal resistance at temperatures higher than those found in the field, the FAPESP-supported research included a laboratory experiment in which foam-covered spittlebug nymphs were placed in a plant growth chamber heated to between 32 °C and 33 °C.
The analysis showed that when the temperature in the growth chamber was 32 °C, the temperature inside the foam was approximately 2 °C lower, in the range of 30 °C, and that the foam's structure remained intact.
"We observed that the foam acts as a thermoregulatory mechanism, keeping the temperature around the nymph below 32 °C, the temperature that is lethal for the insect. In sum, the foam is a sort of microhabitat or microenvironment in which the temperature is lower than that outside and remains constant regardless of external temperature fluctuations," Tonelli said.
The researchers at the FAPESP-funded institute also analyzed the chemical composition of the foam to identify the compounds related to bubble production and stability.
They found significant amounts of palmitic acid and stearic acid as well as proteins and carbohydrates. These substances act as surfactants that stabilize the foam by reducing surface tension and modulating bubble size and distribution based on viscosity and elasticity. Interactions between the carbohydrates and proteins create a stable film that stiffens and stabilizes the foam around the insect.
"The foam's chemical composition, which gives the bubbles a rigid architecture, was poorly understood until now," Bento said.
The foam comprises liquid from the sugarcane sap on which the nymphs feed, which is mixed with air, palmitic and stearic acid, and proteins and carbohydrates that reduce surface and interfacial tension to form emulsions.
To produce the foam, the spittlebug nymph uses its mouth apparatus to pierce the roots of the sugarcane plant to the xylem, the tissue that transports sap, and suck out the liquid. Part of this liquid blends with other substances present in the insect's Malpighian tubules, its main excretory organ.
The nymphs produce foam by sucking air into the ventral cavity of the abdomen. This air is mixed with the surfactant molecules and fluid in the Malpighian tubules, forming bubbles in the terminal part of the abdomen.
"Phylogenetic studies have shown that the spittlebug evolved some 200 million years ago from the cicada, which during the nymph stage, builds an underground tunnel enabling it to live for years in favorable thermal conditions. Its body temperature remains constant without any thermal insulation mechanism. The foam produced by the spittlebug nymph may serve as a 'soil extension' for the insect," Bento said.
"Unlike the cicada's legs, the spittlebug nymph's front legs are not strong enough to burrow into the soil in order to maintain a constant temperature. The spittlebug nymph has a delicate cuticle, and without the protection afforded by the foam, it would be vulnerable to environmental factors, such as high temperatures and low humidity."
According to Bento, knowledge of the foam's physical and chemical properties can be used to control the pest by developing compounds that prevent bubble formation by the spittlebug nymph.
"Currently, there aren't any commercially available compounds capable of eliminating the foam," they said.
Another possibility is the development of thermal insulators inspired by the foam.
###
About São Paulo Research Foundation (FAPESP)
New Delhi: The Supreme Court Collegium has decided to upload on the apex court's website decisions taken by it including elevation, transfer and confirmation of judges in order to ensure transparency in its proceedings.
The decision was taken on October 3.
"The decisions henceforth taken by the Collegium indicating reasons shall be put on the website of Supreme Court, when recommendation(s) is/are sent to Government, with regard to cases relating to initial elevation to High Court Bench, confirmation as permanent Judge(s) of High Court, elevation to the post of Chief Justice of High Court, transfer of High Court Chief Justices/Judges and elevation to
Supreme Court, because on each occasion the material which is considered by the Collegium is different.
"The Resolution is passed to ensure transparency and yet maintain confidentiality in the Collegium system," the resolution said.
In the first uploaded resolution, information has been provided about the appointment of three Judicial Officers and one Judicial Member of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) as Judge of the Madras High Court.
The judicial officers are -- S Ramathilagam who is currently Chief Judge at Puducherry, R Tharani, Principal District Judge at Madurai, P Rajamanickam who is Registrar (Judicial) Principal Bench of
Madras High Court and Vasudevan V Nadathur who is Judicial Member at ITAT Kolkata.
The second resolution talks about the proposal for appointment of six Judicial Officers as Judges of the Madras High Court.
The six judicial officers are -- B Sarodjiny Devy, who is Principal District Judge at Villupuram, T Krishnavalli who is Chairman, Permanent Lok Adalat at Madurai, Zakir Hussain presently Additional
Chief MM at Egmore in Chennai, R Pongiappan, Principal District Judge at Coimbatore, R Hemalatha, District Judge at Karur and K Arul, District Judge, Additional Director, Tamil Nadu State Judicial
Academy and Officer on Special Duty at Madras High Court.
"The above recommendation made by the then Chief Justice of the Madras High Court, in consultation with their two senior-most colleagues, on December 16, 2016, has the concurrence of the Chief Minister and the Governor of the State of Tamil Nadu," the resolution said.
The other resolution gives details about the elevation of three Judicial Officers as Kerala High Court judges. The above recommendation made by the then Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court on February 2, 2017, in consultation with their two senior-most colleagues, has the concurrence of the Chief Minister and the Governor of the State of Kerala.
The three judicial officers are-- Ashok Menon, Registrar General of Kerala High Court, Annie John who was District Judge in Thrissur and Narayana Pisharadi R who is Registrar (Vigilance) in Kerala High Court.
"In order to ascertain the suitability of the above-named recommended for elevation to the High Court, we have consulted our colleagues who are conversant with the affairs of the Kerala High Court...," the resolution said.
The Supreme Court Collegium is headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justices J Chelameswar, Ranjan Gogoi, Madan B. Lokur and Kurian Joseph.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):Prime Minister Justice (R) Nasir-ul-Mulk on Tuesday expressed the hope that the assistance of army personnel would complement efforts to ensure smooth and peaceful conducting of the General Elections 2018.
The Prime Minister expressed these views at a briefing about the mandate and working of Ministry of Defence at Prime Minister's Office.
Regarding deployment of the army personnel during the electoral process, the Prime Minister recalled the successful experience of past by-elections.
The Prime Minister appreciated the important role of the Ministry towards defence of the country.
Minister for Defence Lt. Gen (R) Naeem Khalid Lodhi, Secretary to the Prime Minister Mr. Suhail Aamir, Secretary Defence Lt. Gen (R) Zamir-ul-Hasan Shah and senior government officials were present during the briefing.
Secretary Defence Lt. Gen (R) Zamir-ul-Hasan Shah gave a detailed briefing on working of the Ministry.
The Secretary briefed the Prime Minister about deployment of the army personnel during forthcoming General Elections 2018.
In this March 9, 2018 photo, Chinese soldiers in usher uniforms are silhouetted as they stand guard near a door during a plenary session of China's National People's Congress
NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Chinese politics in the main is carried out in the shadows, shielded from public scrutiny and producing pre-determined outcomes through a process termed democracy according to socialism with Chinese characteristics.
Way the hell back in 2005, El-P's then-thriving Definitive Jux label released Black Dialogue, the debut album from longtime Boston underground rap fixtures Mr. Lif and Akrobatik. Calling themselves the Perceptionists (and, at the time, also featuring DJ Fakts One as a member), Lif and Ak showed the sort of giddy, fun energy that they'd been bringing to live shows for years. Both of them were serious, gifted rappers with political tendencies and sharp ideals, but both of them were also clearly having a whole lot of fun rapping with one another. El-P produced some of the beats. Phonte, the late Guru, and Shock G (in their Humpty Hump guise) made guest appearances. And up until now, it was the last that we heard from the Perceptionists as a group.
Next month, Mr. Lif and Akrobatik will return with Resolution, their first album as a group in 12 years. Both of them have been through some things. Lif, now a member of Thievery Corporation, survived a perilous tour-bus crash, and Akrobatik made it through an aortic rupture and open-heart surgery. Last year, Lif released the solo LP Don't Look Down and teamed up with producer L'Orange for the album The Life & Death Of Scenery, and both of them served as proof, if you needed it, that they are still plenty sharp. And on Resolution's first single “Hose Down,” the two of them draw parallels between today and the Civil Rights era, ride a hard and piano-laced beat, and show that their chemistry remains ferocious. Below, listen to “Hose Down,” watch a short mini-doc on the Perceptionists, and read quotes about the album from Lif and Akrobatik.
Lif says:
Sometimes in life, you just have to cut the bullshit and focus on the things that matter the most. This is a point in time in which both me and my brother Akrobatik realize that we are lucky to be alive. The fact that we are not only alive but also highly inspired is too much of a gift to take for granted. Writing meaningful songs together in hopes of connecting with our listeners in positive and powerful ways is of great importance to us and we are honored to have this opportunity to share our music with the world once again.
Akrobatik says:
It's an honor to rock another full-length album with my brother Lif, who happens to be one of my all-time favorite emcees. I hope you'll all come out to share this experience with us live on tour!
Resolution is out 7/28 on Mello Music Group. Pre-order it here.
South African studies conducted in 2016 showed that 60% of primary school children had tooth decay, and 80% of that tooth decay remained untreated.
This can have a real impact on the quality of a child's life. Tooth decay can lead to absences from school and poorer performance. Furthermore, children with recent toothaches are four times less likely to do as well in school as their pain-free peers.
Dental products brand Mentadent is committed to building stronger smiles for South African children. As part of the National Schools Hygiene Programme, in partnership with the Department of Basic Education, Mentadent is teaching children in schools across South Africa the correct way to brush their teeth every morning and evening.
The company aims to reach 1-million South African children by the end of 2019 through the National Schools Hygiene and Sanitation Programme.
Mentadent invites you to show your support on March 20 2018, World Oral Health Day, which is celebrated globally to promote the benefits of a healthy mouth and the importance of oral hygiene.
You can help raise awareness around the importance of oral hygiene and brushing twice a day every day by taking a selfie, posting it on Facebook or Twitter, and tagging your teeth with #EverySmileMatters and #BrushBrush. Mentadent will then donate a toothbrush and a tube of toothpaste to a child in need for each of these selfies.
Share your smile and save someone else's.
This article was paid for by Unilever.
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall.
A spokesperson for the Met office said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday.
"This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon, pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning."
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
1:19 Fans honor Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher at Hollywood Walk of Fame
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
‘Ai Manuahi specializes in pounded poi, fresh poi products and other wholesome Hawaiian foods such as Pūkele ‘ai, Pohā, Momona, Pālau, raw kalo and uala (sweet potato) and kalo poke. They will be a featured vendor at the Made in Hawaii festival, where you'll be able to sample their delicious products.
Website: www.aimanuahi.com
DENVER, Feb 1 (Reuters) - A former Colorado flight nurse who survived a helicopter ambulance crash with horrific burns over 90 percent of their body will receive a record $100 million cash settlement from the maker and operator of the aircraft, their lawyer said on Thursday.
The sum is believed to be the largest U.S. pretrial settlement ever reached in an individual personal injury civil claim, said Gary Robb, an attorney for the crash survivor, David Repsher, 47. The case had been set for trial on March 5.
The Flight For Life helicopter crashed on take-off on July 3, 2015, from the St. Anthony Summit Medical Center in Frisco, a mountain town about 70 miles west of Denver.
A second flight nurse, Matthew Bowe, was also badly injured, and the pilot, Patrick Mahany, was killed. The three men had been en route to a public relations event at a Boy Scout camp and there were no patients on board.
The thrust of Repsher's lawsuit, filed in Summit County District Court, was that the chopper's French manufacturer, Airbus Helicopters SAS, had failed to equip the aircraft with a crash-resistant fuel system, leading its fuel tank to burst into flames on impact.
Such systems have been mandated on newly certified helicopters since 1994. But Robb said Airbus took advantage of a regulatory loophole to avoid the safety requirement.
Robb cited U.S. government findings that as of November 2014 about 85 percent of domestically registered helicopters made after 1994 lacked crash-resistant fuel systems.
The lawsuit also alleged that the aircraft's tail rotor system was flawed and that mechanics employed by privately owned Colorado helicopter operator Air Methods Corp “failed to properly repair, maintain and inspect” the AS350-B3e helicopter.
Repsher, who had not been expected to survive the first 24 hours after the crash, sustained full-thickness burns over 90 percent of their body, in some places extending down the bone.
They spent 11 months hospitalized in an intensive care unit for burn victims and has endured hundreds of surgeries and other procedures, Robb said.
They suffered permanent hearing loss, severe disfigurement and loss of function of their hands, and has had to learn to swallow, eat, talk, stand and walk all over again.
“It was their amazing character and indomitable spirit that carried them through and allowed them to survive,” Robb said of their client.
Robb said a separate lawsuit brought by Bowe has also been “resolved” but remains confidential.
Airbus and Air Methods both said in statement that safety was their top priority, and both said they had taken a number of steps to improve the safety and crash-worthiness of their helicopters.
A representative for the legal research service VerdictSearch confirmed that the $100 million sum was the highest pretrial settlement amount in its database for a single-plaintiff personal injury case.
Repsher plans to use some proceeds to form a private foundation promoting emergency medical flight safety and burn survivor support, Robb said. (Writing and additional reporting by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
The site for Putney and Roehampton residents - and anyone planning to buy in Putney, eat or shop in SW15. For more on our aims, click here.
If you are viewing this text, your browser lacks the ability to read frames. Although you will need a browser that can handle frames to use our site, you can idea of the site by following some of the links below.
The front page contains all the latest information on Putney and Roehampton.
Our main sections are:
INFORMATION
We have comprehensive information on Putney including with schools and local councils. Our Calendar and events section lists events in Putney and Roehampton.
SERVICES
Our aim is created a comprehensive listing of anything you might need in the local area. This information will be kept up-to-date, and is always available via your computer.
PROPERTY
When you're seriously looking to buy or let, you need to know EVERYTHING that's available. That's where we make the difference. We already have over 600 houses for sale or to let in Putney, listed on our database, which is searchable by price/rent and number of bedrooms.
Harry Maguire is preparing to go to the World Cup just two years after travelling to watch England as a fan, so it is little wonder the defender can scarcely believe their “remarkable” rise.
Gareth Southgate's squad is littered with players that have made unorthodox journeys up the ranks, from former non-league players Jamie Vardy and Nick Pope to the many loan moves captain Harry Kane went on before making it big.
Maguire's ascent has been striking in a different way.
The 25-year-old went to England's Euro 2016 group match against Slovakia as a fan after helping Hull seal promotion through the Sky Bet Championship play-offs and is now bound for Russia to take part in the World Cup.
“It was a great occasion for myself to go over there and see them play live,” said former Sheffield United defender Maguire of the 0-0 draw in St Etienne.
“The fans out there – the incredible atmosphere, the passion that they show. It was a great to experience it.”
Harry Maguire speaking with England manager Gareth Southgate
Among those with them in France for a trip they will “never forget” were brothers Laurence and Joe, who play for Chesterfield and Gainsborough Trinity respectively,
They are set to join them in Russia and Maguire joked that they have got to get their hands on lot of tickets after an ascent they could never have imagined two years ago.
“No, (I would) definitely not (have believed it),” they said.
“Obviously that season we got promoted through the play-offs with Hull.
It is something if you look back and you think you'd be there, you'd probably think you were dreaming. It's a dream come true for me to represent England, and a really proud moment. Harry Maguire
“Maybe in and out of the team a lot, played quite a few games, I think I played 30-odd times that year, but quite a few off the bench. Then obviously I kicked on the year after, but, no, it has been a remarkable two years.
“It is something if you look back and you think you'd be there, you'd probably think you were dreaming. It's a dream come true for me to represent England, and a really proud moment.”
Maguire hopes to put a smile on England fans' faces this summer and believes the squad boasts youthful exuberance and talent.
They said: “We've got a lot of ability in the squad and we do have the confidence to go there and take the tournament on.”
In an effort to better serve you, our reader, and ensure a rich and relevant experience please help us by completing this Airplane interest profile.
1) Interest Level (check one)
Browsing Interested Own A Plane
2) Plane Type (check any)
3) Plane Size (check any)
4) Plane Fuel (check any)
5) Skill Level (check one)
Beginner Intermediate Advanced Pro
6) Your Email (confidential)
7) Your Name (confidential)
by Rob Lever Facebook shares plunged Monday as the social media giant was pounded by criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with Google and Twitter's CEOs.
The lawmakers said the companies "have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data" and that the lack of oversight "raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights."
Facebook's chief of security Alex Stamos said their role has shifted to focusing on emerging risks and election security at the global social network.
Stamos revealed the change after The New York Times reported that they were leaving Facebook in the wake of internal clashes over how to deal with the platform being used to spread misinformation.
"Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook," Stamos said in a message posted on their verified Twitter account.
"It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security."
Stamos advocated investigating and revealing manipulation of news at the social network by Russian entities, to the chagrin of other top executives, the Times reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
- Profiles weaponized? -Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what they called a "troubling" misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said they want to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools "to weaponize detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans."
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations "horrifying, if confirmed," and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Cambridge Analytica denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner who regulates the sector in the country, announced their office would seek a court warrant on Tuesday to search Cambridge Analytica's computer servers.
They said the company had been "uncooperative" to requests for access to its records and missed a Monday deadline stipulated.
Meanwhile, Facebook said it has hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
Facebook shares skidded 6.8 percent by the close of the Nasdaq amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Shares slipped another percent or so to $170 in after-market trades.
- 'Self-regulation not working' -Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.
"Self-regulation is not working," Grygiel said.
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.
"The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem," Kreiss said.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research maintained that the revelations highlight "systemic problems at Facebook," but that they won't immediately impact the social network's revenues.
David Carroll, a media professor at the Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
"Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them," Carroll said. "Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies."
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation online.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it "strongly denies" the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
"Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign," a statement read. DM
Panic as Man Claims Ownership Of Mulago Hospital Land
A man has claimed ownership of the land hosting Mulago National Referral Hospital and even attempted to fence off part of the land near the City Mortuary.
Latima Mpagi claims that the land belongs to the family of the late Isa Muganga Ssendaula and they are the administrator of the estate.
“I have the title for this land measuring 77 acres and I obtained it from government,” Mpagi said.
However, Mulago hospital spokesperson, Enock Kusasira, has dismissed the claims, saying Mpagi could be a front for a senior army officer they did not name who they alleged has previously tried to grab the land without success.
“Those claims are completely false. This particular piece of land is one of those plots acquired by government between 1996 and 1998 with the loan from African development bank which was meant to expand Mulago hospital,” Kusasira remarked.
Old Mulago was founded in 1913 by Sir Albert Cook. The new Mulago facility was completed in 1962.
Hospital authorities said they also have the title of the 77 acre piece of land that includes plot 40 which the man claims to be his.
Watch this space
Indicative market rates Call Money (closing) 05.75-05.80 =========== FBIL MIBOR ----------- ---------- OVERNIGHT/3DAYS 05.98 pct 14 DAY 06.28 pct 1 MONTH 06.37 pct 3 MONTH 07.17 pct Thomson Reuters 10-year gilts benchmark 7.664 pct(1215 IST) Thomson Reuters 10-year gilts benchmark 7.571 pct(1700 IST) =========================== COMMERCIAL PAPER =========================== FIMMDA-Thomson Reuters 3-mth CP reference rate 2 Feb 7.7625 pct (1230 IST) TREASURY BILLS:(1230 IST) 91 days t-bill 6.4078 pct 182 days t-bill 6.5000 pct 364 days t-bill 6.6011 pct For all the tenors please double-click on . Mumbai Overnight Indexed Swaps rates at 1700 IST 1 Month - 06.06/06.10 2 Months - 06.41/06.45 3 Month - 06.34/06.37 6 Months - 06.35/06.38 9 Months - 06.46/06.49 1 Year - 06.56/06.58 2 Year - 06.57/06.59 3 Year - 06.71/06.73 4 Year - 06.82/06.84 5 Year - 06.92/06.94 7 Year - 06.94/07.02 10 Year - 06.96/07.05 Last quoted by contributors Benchmark rate for OIS Level by all contributors , List of contributors For comparative Yield Analysis Thomson Reuters MIOR and MIBOR fixing discontinued w.e.f 30 Sep 17 Kindly refer DN093199 for further details.
NEW YORK (AP)  She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton once again graces the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to ever do it three times. This year, they make the splash with three different covers.
One of the few women to ever do the cover three times is Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with their two daughters. Tyra Banks and Heidi Klum also did it three times. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
Advertisement
___
Online:
http://www.si.com/swimsuit/
Minivans have come a long way from the slow, boxy, no-frills people movers they once were back in the 1980's. Honda is at the forefront of this popular resurgence and the 2018 Odyssey Elite is at the top of its game.
The 2017 Chrysler Pacifica was an instant hit with the general public and it caught Honda unaware. For the 2018 Odyssey model, they didn't hold back. A new engine and new gadgets mean that Honda is looking to reclaim the title of “Best Minivan” with the Odyssey.
Interior
For those considering a minivan to help move the family (or rock band?) around town, you're most likely looking for interior space – and lots of it. It has available second-row power-sliding doors that enables people to come and go with the greatest of ease. Cargo space behind the second and third rows is immense. Like cavernous immense. Even if all three rows are full of passengers, there is still a respectable amount of space in the deep well in the back.
Performance
Some people might think that the words “performance” and “minivan” should not be used in the same sentence. They obviously haven't driven a minivan. The more people or cargo you put inside the van, the slower acceleration and performance you'll get. So, it's important for minivans to have power – and lots of it.
The 2018 Odyssey comes with a new 3.5-liter V-6 which is good for 280 hp and 262 lb-ft of torque. The Elite model (top of the line) comes standard with a 10-speed automatic transmission, which will do wonders for helping the van get up and go. The transmission shifts smoothly yet you can still chirp the tires if you push pedal to the metal.
0 – 60 flies by in just 6.9 seconds. Not Ferrari-like acceleration, but still a full second quicker than the 2015 Odyssey Elite.
Braking and Safety
Most minivan owners rank “safety” as the 2nd most important feature a minivan should have (right behind “lots of interior room”). The 2018 Odyssey delivers that wish with stability control and a whole host of safety features such as Honda Sensing active safety tech which has a system that applies the brakes if it senses an immediate collision.
The IIHS gave the Odyssey a Top Safety Pick+. The NHTSA hasn't tested the Odyssey as of this article, but Honda expects top ratings when they finally do.
Stopping performance in a minivan can often be an exercise in futility. The heavier the car, the longer it takes to stop. Honda got around this by giving their 4,562-pound minivan braking technology that resulted in a respectable 124 feet full stop coming from 60mph.
Final Thoughts
With the 2018 Odyssey Elite, Honda is attempting to steal back the crown from the Chrysler Pacifica. They're attempting to do so by offering a lot of value for a comparably little amount of money. The Odyssey Elite is the most well-rounded minivan in its class. It starts at $47,610.
Hot Shot crews from Mendocino use backfires to help contain the County Fire along Highway 129 near Lake Berryessa in Yolo County, California, on Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The Sacramento Bee via AP Randall Benton
WASHINGTON — After they retweeted messages of support for much of Wednesday — a day after “Roseanne's” stunning cancellation — Roseanne Barr wrote, “You guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
One of those options could be a new online streaming startup called Bond. Its chief marketing officer, Michael Caputo, former Trump campaign aide, told Variety that the company is in the process of reaching out to the now-former ABC sitcom star in hopes that they will sign on to the venture.
It's an indication that Barr — who was not just dropped by ABC but by their talent agency, ICM Partners — will have some options, although not necessarily in traditional media. For a new media venture like Bond (first reported by the Daily Beast), even a star in the midst of controversy and condemnation can help drive attention.
Sinclair Broadcast Group, seeking to acquire Tribune Media, is working on plans to program its cable network WGN America, and a block of primetime programming featuring conservative hosts is under consideration, according to sources.
Related Analysis: 'Roseanne' Without Roseanne Would've Been a Tough Sell White House Press Secretary: Trump's Roseanne Tweet About 'Media Bias'
Caputo said that Bond is aiming at the sweet spot between YouTube and Netflix. The former provides little return for content creators; the latter poses challenges for placement. As they say, it's aimed at drawing creatives “sick of getting YouTube money, and never getting a Hollywood mogul on the phone.”
It will also rely on a business model based on cryptocurrency and “crowd investing,” in which fans would buy shares in the content, and the creator would get a slice of the subscription proceeds. The co-founders are Den Tolmor, writer of “Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom” and an Academy Award nominee for documentary feature, and Vlad Lobak, who has explained the venture in a YouTube presentation. A crowdfunding campaign is planned to launch on June 25, Caputo said. As the Daily Beast reported, it's also being pitched to Russian investors along with conservative sources.
The content of Bond will be aimed at filling the gaps in content ignored by major networks and the “Hollywood gods,” as Caputo calls them, which could include shows that strike a chord in middle America.
“In flyover country, three-fourths of the stuff they put on television is unwatchable,” they said. “Suddenly, we get a ‘Roseanne,' a show we can enjoy, and then a decision of a Hollywood mogul determines what we can and cannot watch.” They said that the content will not necessarily have a conservative bent, but will try to fill what they see as an underserved audience.
He's not condoning the tweet that got Barr's show canceled: a comment calling former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett the offspring of the Muslim Brotherhood and “Planet of the Apes.”
“She has admitted it was reprehensible,” Caputo said. “She has expressed regret. But the fact that the Hollywood gods don't accept that doesn't mean [her career] needs to end at all.”
They said that they doubted how long they would last on ABC, adding that they thought the mix of Hollywood with someone with “conservative views would always be short-lived. They don't want to get our dirty shoes on the putting green.”
Caputo has been a familiar face on cable news recently, as they have talked about being questioned by Special Counsel Robert Mueller as part of their investigation into Russian influence in the 2016 election.
But they are also a part of broadcast TV lore: A huge fan of the series “Twin Peaks,” they helped lead a pre-internet-era campaign to save the show in 1991 after ABC pulled it off the air. Bob Iger, then the head of ABC and now CEO of the Walt Disney Co., ultimately decided to air the final six episodes, although Caputo does not know the extent to which fan reaction was a factor.
They say this time will be different.
“All of the profits that Bob Iger made from the ‘Roseanne' reboot will now be hers, because we completely cut out the middleman,” they say.
Says credible elections are not feasible in the country
TEFO PHEAGE
The Chairperson of the Joint Monitoring and Evaluation Commission (JMEC)-a body tasked with overseeing the peace transition of power in South Sudan -Festus Mogae has told the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) that credible elections are not feasible in in the country.
The former president of Botswana ascribed this move to mass displacement, severe food insecurity and total lack of institutional and constitutional infrastructure. “Credible elections will not be feasible in South Sudan at the end of the current transitional period,” they told the UNSC via video-conferencing.
This announcement comes after the country's president, Salva Kiir's announcement that South Sudan will hold elections next year. Kiir seeks an election that will be the first vote on their leadership since the turbulent country won independence from Sudan in 2011. Presidential elections set for 2015 were delayed by civil war.
Mogae however says there is “irrefutable fact that the permanent ceasefire has been and continues to be violated by all the parties with impunity” and that “security has deteriorated to a critical level” with six million people now reported to be severely food insecure.
Further, Mogae noted, whilst some progress has been made in the implementation of the 2015 Agreement on the Resolution of the Conflict in the Republic of South Sudan (ARCSS), “It is greatly disappointing” that after two years, several transitional institutions and mechanisms have not been established.
The institutions include the Special Reconstruction Fund, the Economic and Financial Management Authority, the Compensation and Reparations Authority and other key transitional justice institutions. “Most importantly, there has been no progress whatsoever in the Permanent Constitution-making process,” they said.
The Chairperson of JMEC was addressing the New York-based UNSC via video-conference from Juba. Mogae reaffirmed that the IGAD-led High Level Revitalization Forum expected to be held in the coming weeks remains “the best opportunity” to restore peace and rebuild governance in South Sudan.
“There is a fundamental need for a demonstration of political will by the parties to undertake their responsibility to implement the provisions of the Peace Agreement. All forms of obstruction to the delivery of humanitarian aid must be removed,” they added. “The Transitional Government of National Unity (TGoNU) must expedite and conclude the constitutional and legislative amendments and initiate without further delay the Permanent Constitution-making process.”
JMEC was established by terms decreed under Chapter Seven of the ARCSS, signed on 17 August 2015 in Ethiopia. Under the terms of the agreement, JMEC shall be responsible for monitoring, overseeing and supporting the implementation of the agreement and the mandate and tasks of the TGoNU, including adherence of the parties to agreed timelines and schedules; and in the event of non-compliance, shall recommend appropriate corrective action to the TGoNU.
Controversial Nollywood actor, and Anambra state born, Anita Joseph has described the type of man, they look forward to having as an husband.
In a recent interview, the curvy actor while noting that, also said they are taking their time when it comes to the issue of marriage to avoid making same mistakes as some of their colleagues.
"Marriage comes when it comes. I'm not bothered about it. If my boyfriend shoots well and I get pregnant, then that's fine. Marriage crashes are everywhere but that doesn't really bother or worry me.
In fact, it makes me stronger and challenged. It reminds me that when I finally get married, I must remain in it because there are wolves out there waiting to devour the union,”she said.
Describing the kind of man they like, Anita maintains that they must posses a charming sense of humour, along other qualities.
"My kind of man must be spirit filled. They must fear Jehovah God. There's nothing more attractive to me than a man that loves God. They must also make me laugh a lot; charming good sense of humour.
My husband must be a power dresser, smells nice. I don't like loud men. I don't like a man that picks or blows their nose anyhow, especially in the public.
“I love a man that I can fart in their presence and they will tell me ‘well done princess'. They can fart in my presence too, no problem. I don't do cinemas; I prefer to stay indoors with my man.
After all, I have television at home; all I have to do is to buy popcorn and Fanta, then off the light and enjoy the moment with my man" they gushed.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron pledged on Tuesday to try to resolve U.S.-European differences on Iran but Trump gave no clear signal about whether they would carry out a threat to abandon an international nuclear deal with Tehran.
After lengthy talks at the White House, Macron told a joint news conference with Trump that they had discussed “a new deal” that would strengthen the 2015 accord along the lines Trump wants, such as by addressing Iran's expansion in the Middle East and its ballistic missile program.
But with a deadline on U.S. economic sanctions against Iran looming next month, it was unclear whether the two allies made substantial progress on the future of the nuclear deal, which the West sees as vital to preventing Iran from building a nuclear bomb.
Trump continued their hostile rhetoric toward the nuclear deal, calling it terrible, ridiculous and insane and threatening Iran with repercussions should it restart its nuclear program.
“If Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid,” Trump said.
Trump has until May 12 to decide whether to keep the United States in the agreement and is under strong European pressure to remain in it, with Macron saying that while imperfect it holds the best chance of containing Tehran.
The two leaders also discuss Syria with Macron urging Trump to keep U.S. forces there for the time being as bulwark against Iran and to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants.
Trump did not promise to leave the troops in Syria but made clear they would not be withdrawn imminently.
French President Emmanuel Macron (L) looks on as U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during their meeting in the Oval Office following the official arrival ceremony for Macron at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
“We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint,” Trump said.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear program if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement.
Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful means.
Trump said they and Macron could have an agreement soon on the Iran deal. “We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly. I think we're fairly close to understanding each other.”
Trump called the Iran agreement, struck between Iran and world powers, a “terrible deal” that was “insane” and “ridiculous” because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran's involvement in conflicts such as those in Yemen or Syria.
A U.S. withdrawal from the Iran agreement would raise tensions in an already volatile region, possibly prompting an arms race involving Saudi Arabia. Iran says its nuclear program is aimed only at peaceful purposes.
U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and French President Emmanuel Macron walk down the colonnade at the White House following the official arrival ceremony for Macron on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 24, 2018. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Pulling out of the Iran agreement would also raise questions over how Trump could coerce North Korea into giving up its nuclear weapons. Trump is trying to arrange a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late May or early June.
It's game day in Tampa as the Hawkeyes meet the Florida Gators in the Outback Bowl.
Iowa is hoping to keep the winning streak they started at the end of the regular season going. Junior linebacker Josie Jewel says that's been the focus in their preparation for this game — trying to get in the same routine that they had in the last couple of weeks where they had success.
Senior defensive back Desmond King says they have to continue doing what they do best to stop Florida's offense.
“Just taking pride in our values — being tough, smart and physical on the field — that's something that we always buy into. And just go out there and play with that chip on our shoulders every game,” Kings says. Iowa's offense has struggled during the season and faces a tough Florida defense, but King doesn't think that makes it tougher on the Hawkeye defense.
“I don't think it is pressure, I think it's just our job as a defense,” King says. “We are supposed to go out and do what you've got to do and get the ball back for the offense.” If the Hawkeyes are able to break their recent pattern of falling behind early, and win against Florida, it would end a six-year run without a bowl game victory.
Both Iowa and Florida come into the game at 8-4. Kickoff is at noon Iowa time today.
Buy Photo Lions teammates come over and tap Kerry Hyder Jr. as they are carted off the field after being injured in the first quarter. (Photo: Daniel Mears, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Allen Park — Detroit Lions coach Jim Caldwell held off on announcing defensive end Kerry Hyder is out for the year, despite an NFL Network report surfacing Monday afternoon that initial fears of a torn Achilles tendon were confirmed after medical evaluation.
Caldwell said the organization would likely announce something on Hyder's status in the next 48 hours.
Hyder posted a message on Instagram, expressing appreciation for the support they received after suffering the injury against the Colts Sunday afternoon.
“There is no quit in my body!” Hyder wrote. “I truly believe God has a plan for me and I will be back better than ever. I am blessed beyond measure and I know this is not setback. It is an opportunity for me to show my strength that God has put in me. All things are possible through him. Thank you to all the friends and family for support. To lions nation, I promise I will be back better than ever. Thank you all !!”
Representatives for Hyder did not return a request for comment.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Asian shares took a breather on Tuesday after three straight sessions of gains, with markets consolidating in the hope an upswing in global growth could outlast a likely hike in U.S. borrowing costs this week.
A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
The latest promising news came from China where banks doled out a surprisingly generous dose of credit in November, which could bode well for a pickup in retail sales and industrial output due later in the week.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dithered either side of flat having bounced 2 percent in the past three sessions.
Moves were minor across the region, with blue chip Chinese shares off 0.2 percent and Australia up 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei was likewise steady, after the index scored its highest close in 25 years on Monday.
Wall Street had been led higher by technology and energy stocks, with Apple Inc making the biggest contribution. The Dow rose 0.23 percent, while the S&P 500 added 0.32 percent and the Nasdaq 0.51 percent.
There was no lasting market impact from an explosion in New York's busy Port Authority commuter hub which New York Mayor Bill de Blasio described as an “attempted terrorist attack.”
Investors continued their policy vigil with the Federal Reserve set to end its two-day meeting on Wednesday, while the European Central Bank meets on Thursday.
JPMorgan Economist David Hensley suspects the Fed will revise up its growth forecast while trimming the outlook for the unemployment rate, potentially adding upside risk to the “dot plot” forecasts on interest rates.
“The dot plot previously called for three hikes in 2018; it is a close call whether this moves to four hikes,” they warned, a shift that would likely boost the dollar but could bludgeon bonds.
“For its part, the European Central Bank (ECB)is likely to emphasize its low-for-long stance and continue to distance itself from the Fed,” they added. “The staff is likely to revise up its 2018 growth forecast, while we think the core inflation forecast will reveal an even slower recovery than before.”
RATES NOT EVERYTHING
The divergence in Fed and ECB policy was supposed to be bullish for the dollar, given it had widened the premium offered by U.S. two-year yields over German yields to 256 basis points from 188 basis points this time last year.
The last time the spread was that plump was in 1999.
Yet the euro is currently up 12 percent on the dollar this year, while the dollar is down 8 percent on a basket of currencies - an indication interest rate differentials aren't everything in forex.
On Tuesday, the euro was steady at $1.1768 having failed to clear resistance around $1.1812 overnight. The dollar was idling at 113.48 yen, just off a one-month top of 113.69.
Dealers at Citi noted interbank volumes in the forex market had been 35 percent below average overnight and another thin session was likely on Tuesday.
There was a little more action in bitcoin, which was last at $16,350 on the Bitstamp exchange while its newly minted futures contract fell back to $17,800.
In commodity markets, gold remained out of favour at $1,243.90 an ounce having suffered its biggest weekly drop since May last week.
Oil prices pushed ahead in the wake of news of a temporary shutdown of a pipeline that carries the biggest volume of the five North Sea crude oil streams. [O/R]
Brent crude futures rose another 38 cents to $65.07 a barrel, after jumping $1.35 on Monday. U.S. crude futures added 26 cents to $58.25 a barrel.
Former first overall pick Andrew Wiggins has not developed as quickly as some might have hoped, but the Wolves forward continues to grow and has the makeup of an All-Star for years to come. (0:46)
Andrew Wiggins has all the tools to be a perennial All-Star (0:46)
Who are the brightest young stars in the NBA? We're counting them down on ESPN.com.
And who's No. 1? Should it be Anthony Davis, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Karl-Anthony Towns, Kristaps Porzingis, Joel Embiid or another rising star?
We asked our experts to rate the league's best players under 25 years old, and we're rolling out the rest of our top 50 over the next few days, leading up to the Rising Stars Challenge during All-Star Weekend.
If you want to get involved in the discussion, #NBArank is the Twitter hashtag. You also can follow along @ESPNNBA and on Facebook.
On to the countdown!
#NBArank Rising Stars: 11-15
Jeff Swinger/USA TODAY Sports
Toronto Raptors | C
Age: 24 | @JValanciunas
Drafted No. 5 in 2011
Stats & Info: Valanciunas is grabbing a career-high 20.6 percent of available rebounds this season, tied for ninth in the NBA.
Soobum Im/USA TODAY Sports
Oklahoma City Thunder | C
Age: 23 | @RealStevenAdams
Drafted No. 12 in 2013
Stats & Info: Over half of Adams' made field goals this season have been assisted by Russell Westbrook. Adams is shooting 66 percent off passes from Westbrook and 51 percent on all other attempts this season.
Rocky Widner/NBAE/Getty Images
Phoenix Suns | SG
Age: 20 | @DevinBook
Drafted No. 13 in 2015
Stats & Info: Booker is averaging 21.1 PPG and is on pace to have the third-highest scoring average by a player in their age-20-or-younger season in league history.
Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Indiana Pacers | C
Age: 20 | @Original_Turner
Drafted No. 11 in 2015
Stats & Info: Turner is on pace to be the fifth player in league history to average at least 15 points, 7 rebounds and 2 blocks in their age-20-or-younger season, joining Anthony Davis, Kevin Garnett, Chris Webber and Shaquille O'Neal.
Layne Murdoch/NBAE via Getty Images
Minnesota Timberwolves | SF
Age: 21 | @22wiggins
Drafted No. 1 in 2014
Stats & Info: Minnesota is 12-6 this season in games when Wiggins scores more than 25 points. Their 26.3 PPG in wins ranks just behind LeBron James and just ahead of Jimmy Butler, Kawhi Leonard, Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry.
16-20 | Full list | 6-10 (coming Wed.)
FEBRUARY 14, 2017 — Lifejackets that "were showing their age" meant that Royal Caribbean's Majesty of the Seas remained docked in Port Canaveral this morning. .
The ship had been scheduled to set sail at 5 p.m. Monday for a four-night cruise to the Bahamas. However, the U.S. Coast Guard stopped it sailing after reportedly finding safety deficiencies.
Passengers were not allowed to disembark the ship last night as U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents had gone home for the evening. However they were allowed to leave the ship at 8.30 a.m. this morning, with instructions to return by noon.
A statement from Royal Caribbean said:
"Yesterday, the U.S. Coast Guard conducted a routine inspection of Majesty of the Seas. They came across some technical issues, including some outdoor lifejackets that were showing their age. We hope to have replacements join the ship today and we expect to address the other issues shortly."
According to the Coast Guard's Port State Information Exchange data base listing of the status of the ship's documentation, Majesty of the Seas' Certificate of Compliance - Passenger Vessel was issued February 15, 2016 and expires today.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced updates to the organization's rules and campaign regulations for the 91st Oscars on Tuesday. The most drastic changes come in the categories of documentary feature, original score, and original song.
For documentaries, the organization will now grant eligibility to any film that wins a “qualifying award” at a competitive film festival, regardless of distribution platform. That further opens the doors for a streamer like Netflix, or even television companies like HBO, to forgo the previously held theatrical release requirement entirely. That is, provided they win a prize from an Academy-approved list of festivals, which will be made available in the spring. It also levels the playing field for international hopefuls.
A critic review requirement is still in place for documentary features, but the list of approved outlets has expanded in New York and Los Angeles (though one of those outlets, LA Weekly, no longer employs a film critic). Reviews from television critics are still not acceptable, however.
The music branch, meanwhile, has opted for a two-step nominations process akin to the documentary branch's. In both the categories of original score and original song, a preliminary voting round will produce a shortlist of 15 finalists for nominations. Five nominees will then be determined for each category. An added wild card: these two rounds will be decided using the preferential balloting system.
Related Guillermo del Toro Reveals the Advice They Received From Alejandro G. Inarritu for Oscars Night Film Academy Sets Key Dates for 91st Oscars
The visual effects branch has opened things up, making the bake-off procedure more inclusive for its nominating committee. Visual effects bake-off reels can now be streamed online and voters can attend satellite bake-off screenings as well, while voting can be done online. Previously, committee members could only vote in person at the Academy's Visual Effects Bake-off in Los Angeles.
The number of post-nominations Q&A screenings has now been limited to four across the board, regardless of category or country. Documentary and foreign film nominees formerly enjoyed two additional screenings. Also, to align with credits eligibility in the best picture category, rules in both the animated feature and documentary feature categories have been updated to allow for more than one producer to be designated as a nominee.
Previously announced, the Academy will begin overseeing campaign outreach to the membership via its own mailing houses. Studios, distributors, and filmmakers will be required to use that structure, which is similar to the one employed by the Television Academy, to send sanctioned awards materials to members who have opted in.
The highly-anticipated solar eclipse is one week from today, which means you've got that long to get your hands on a pair of special solar eclipse glasses to safely watch the sun.
The Rochester Public library says it's all out of those glasses after handing out about 1,500 pairs for free, but it's still receiving dozens of calls each hour asking for a pair.
It got most of the glasses from a grant and then purchased some more to meet the high demand.
Karen Lemke, Head of Marketing and Community Engagement at the library, is also warning people about accidentally purchasing fake glasses online, after they were disappointed to find the ones they bought for their kids ended up being fake.
"I personally went online, went to Amazon, found a set of glasses that said they were approved for the eclipse," they said. "When they came, they arrived and they did not have the ISO information on them. Half of them did and half of them didn't. So I have since asked for a refund from Amazon."
If you can't find a pair of the glasses, NASA also has instructions on how to make a solar viewing projector on its website. NASA will also be live streaming the eclipse online.
Comedian Ralphie May has passed away at the age of 45.
May was suffering from pneumonia and had to cancel a handful of dates over the last month to recover. Their body was found early Friday morning at a private Las Vegas residence. The cause of death was cardiac arrest, TV Guide has confirmed.
The stand-up comic was scheduled to have several appearances throughout 2017 as part of their residency at Harrah's Las Vegas. They were awarded Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo just two days ago.
Add shows to your watchlist now
May has been part of the comedy scene for over twenty years. They landed mainstream fame after they came in second place on the first season of Last Comic Standing. Since then, he's appeared on Inside Amy Schumerand produced two 2015 Netflix comedy specials, Ralphie May: Unruly and Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours.
Fellow comedians including Kevin Hart and Damon Wayans Jr. shared their condolences on Twitter over the loss of their friend.
Wow....I was just told that Ralphie May passed. I'm truly saddened by this. They were a good dude. Heaven just got another funny angel RIP man — Kevin Hart (@KevinHart4real) October 6, 2017
.@Ralphie_May was genuinely the nicest most encouraging person you could meet. Always unconditional love from him. — Ken Jeong (@kenjeong) October 6, 2017
NO! #RalphieMay was such a nice guy! Last time we talked backstage at @zaniesnashville I promised to put them in the Jay/Bob movie. Dammit... https://t.co/zrljotClGr — KevinSmith (@ThatKevinSmith) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May. Dammit. You were a funny and sweet mofo man. Rest In Peace. — bob saget (@bobsaget) October 6, 2017
Damnit @Ralphie_May ! I'm so sad right now. Such a great guy. Rest well, friend. 😢😢😢 — Damon Wayans Yunior? (@wayansjr) October 6, 2017
May is survived by their wife, Lahna Turner, and children April June May and August James May.
Thursday 30th
Thursday 30th
Live Music
Puzzles?, Bridge Street: Open mic with The Interim Room.
BRewery Tap: Thursday Party Night Disco & Karaoke with Resident DJ Rick Allen 9pm – 1am free entry.
Pizza Parlour and Music Cafe: The Rainmen from 8pm to 11pm.
Quiz
The Ruddy Duck, Peakirk: 8.30pm, £1
Charters, Town Bridge: 8pm, free, £20 bar tab prize for winning team.
Angel Inn, Yarwell: Music Quiz. 9pm
Friday 1st
Live Music
Blue Bell, Werrington: Live music every Friday.
Charters: The Persuaders will be rocking the boat from 10.30pm, free entry.
The Crown, Lincoln Road: SUBWAY 77. 9pm
Peterborough Conservative Club: Tea Dance with Eric Cloud 3.30pm £3.50 followed at 8.30pm Lenny and Emma. Free entry.
Clubs/DJ
The Solstice: The Gangsters, who took their name from The Specials track, keep the tradition of black and white alive. FREE ENTRY before 11pm too and the music continues with the band's performance and resident DJs entertaining you until the early hours inside and out in the SolGarden!
Brewery Tap: Thank Funk it's Friday 9pm -2am Resident DJ Eddie Nash bringing you hits from back in the days of Shanghai Sam's, L'Aristos & Canters, 9pm -2am, free entry.
Saturday 2nd
Live Music
Charters: The Lazoons - a three piece covers band bringing you their unique spin on classic songs from the 50s to the present day.
The Crown, Lincoln Road: DIRTY RUMOUR. 9pm.
Peterborough Conservative Club: The Business 8.30pm. Guests £2.
Parkway Club, Maskew Ave: THE INTRUDERS, rock ‘n' roll legends 8-15 TILL LATE. Everyone welcome
Clubs/DJ
The Solstice: SolGarden Terrace Sessions features Low Steppa (PICTURED), one the most in-demand dance DJs on the circuit for their debut appearance alongside resident DJs Phil Drummond, Alex Vacca and Steve Andrews. House music's new prodigy has received huge support from Radio 1 DJs MistaJam, Target, Cameo & B Traits as well as Pete Tong, Gordon City & Shadow Child.
The Lightbox, Bridge Street: Eclectic Ballroom with the best of soul, disco and funk from 9pm to 1am.
Brewery Tap: Saturday Night Groove with Resident DJ Rick Allen bringing you a great selection of danceable hits from the 70s – the present day, accompanied by videos on the large screen, Free entry 9pm – 2am.
Disco/Karaoke
The Angel Inn, Yarwell: Karaoke. 9pm. .
Carpenters Arms, Stanground: 4pm
Geneva Bar, Geneva Street: Kushty Karaoke, 9pm to 2am, free.
Sunday 3rd
Live Music
Charters: Palmy Uke Band - Enjoy an afternoon of renditions from the 50s to the present day, country to pop – in fact, any song that sounds good on the uke.
Brewery Tap: Oakham Mic Night.The area's finest open mic night, 6pm – late, complimentary drinks voucher for all performers free entry.
Peterborough Conservative Club: Texas Gun 12.30pm. Free Entry.
Parkway Club, Maskew Ave: ROBERT DAVIES, Ballroom and Sequence. 7-30 till 10-30pm. Everyone welcome.
Karaoke
Carpenters Arms, Coates: 8pm
Quiz
Blue Bell, Werrington: Free pub quiz starts 8pm prompt.
The Crown, Lincoln Road: Quiz Night, Maximum teams of four, Pub Quiz 8pm, Cash Bingo 9:30pm.
The Angel Inn, Yarwell: Pub quiz, 9pm .
Monday 4th
Live Music
Charters: Charters Final Open Mic Night 8pm – free entry, complimentary drinks voucher for all performers.
Tuesday 5th
Live Music
Pizza Parlour and Music Cafe: Open mic session hosted by Anna Radford from 7pm to 10pm.
Wednesday 6th
Quizzes
Frothblowers Werrington: free silent pub quiz, from 7pm to 8pm. Teams of 4 max. 3 prizes.
A restaurant and bar in a “red zone” of Leeds city centre has been permitted to open and sell alcohol later on weekends – despite authorities' concerns about a rise in late night crime in the surrounding area.
Turtle Bay's application to vary its premises licence was considered by councillors for the third time today – a previous request was refused.
Inside the Caribbean-themed restaurant.
The three-person Licensing Sub-Committee decided by a majority to allow the establishment, which operates from The Light in Albion Street, to sell alcohol and play recorded music until 1am and extend its opening hours and provide late night refreshment to 1.30am on Fridays and Saturdays. Its previous licence allowed it to do those until an hour earlier.
West Yorkshire Police (WYP) and the Licensing Authority objected due to the restaurant's placement within the “red zone” of the Leeds City Centre Cumulative Impact Area (CIA) – locations saturated by bars and similar businesses.
Read more: Police pledge to tighten resources as figures reveal crime is up 15% in Leeds city centre
Anthony Lyons, a solicitor for the Carribean-themed restaurant, said it is “food-led”, adding that the business operates in cumulative 's in Liverpool, York, Middlesbrough, Birmingham and Bristol. “We trade without issue in those cities,” they said.
PC Cath Arkle, a WYP licensing officer, said that CIA policy means that requests such as Turtle Bay's should be opposed unless the applicant is found to be an “exceptional operator”.
“Reported crime has risen in this area year-on-year for the last three years,” they said, adding that the peak time for offending was between 11pm and 4am, including a “peak within the peak” from 1am to 3am.
Read more: Leeds's Papaya restaurant allowed later service despite concerns
Principal licensing officer for the council, Susan Holden, said: “We've already discussed this three times and the only thing that has changed in our view is that there is a 10 per cent increase in crime in that area.”
Read more: Restaurant review: Turtle Bay, The Light, Leeds
Finding relationship advice is hard — scratch that, finding good relationship advice is hard. The truth is, relationship advice is everywhere. It's all over the internet, it's in so many magazines, and you're probably getting it from your family and friends — maybe even from people you hardly know. But just because someone is putting relationship advice out there, doesn't mean it's worth taking. Even when someone means well, they don't always know or understand what's going on in your life.
"Friends can be a great source of relationship advice so long as you recognize that their 'wisdom' has its limits," certified counselor Jonathan Bennett tells Bustle. "Everyone is in a unique situation. What worked for your friends might not work for you. So, while you can certainly try the suggestions of your friends, don't assume that theirs is the only way."
And while some bad relationship advice can be laughable, bad relationship advice can also do a lot of damage. If you're inexperienced or vulnerable, it's natural to trust the advice of someone who seems more experienced or just more sure of themselves. But before you take it at face value, it's important to think long and hard about whether it actually makes sense to you. It's important to see things through fresh eyes and listen to the people who have your best interests at heart, but you don't necessarily have to act. Ultimately, you're the only one in your shoes.
And some of the bad dating advice out there is truly terrible. Here are dating experts on the worst piece of dating advice they've heard — it's a good reminder of why you need to trust your instincts.
1 "Don't Text Back Right Away" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Friends will often tell you to wait hours before responding because you don't want to seem 'too available.'" — Therapist Kimberly Hershenson, LMSW
2 "It Will Happen When You Least Expect It" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'It will happen when you least expect it': This is possibly my least favorite piece of dating advice. The verbiage renders us powerless in the process." — Relationship & Dating Coach Jessica Elizabeth Opert "'Love will just come to you when you least expect it.' Love isn't just some magical feeling that happens randomly, it's built on dedication, connection, and effort. Likewise, people don't just fall in love after a certain period of time. That's why love doesn't come when you least expect it, in truth, it's the product of a shared existence and commitment to similar values." — Caleb Backe, Health And Wellness Expert at Maple Holistics
3 Age Is The Same Thing As Maturity Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Age being a determinant of maturity — '[they're] eight years older than you. [They'd] be good for you. You've always been very childish.' — Relationship Counselor and Clinical Sexologist Dr. Martha Tara Lee of Eros Coaching
4 "Act Like You Don't Care" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'If you like [them], play like you don't care.' This is a go-to position for most people giving advice. Certainly we don't want to be a chump or pathetically chasing someone. But we do have to give a solid green light to let this person know that we're interested." — Susan Winter, NYC Relationship Expert and Bestselling Author
5 "Be Your Best Self" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "While the intention might be pure, I don't like when people encourage others to be their best selves when dating. People who are dating in a version of what they perceive to be as their ideal self versus their real self might be harming their chances at maintaining a long-term relationship. The reality is that we are not going to be able to maintain the idealized versions of ourselves for long, so after a while your partner is going to learn about your real self. You want the person you are with to love you and accept you as you are, not as the person you're pretending to be. People who find themselves in this type of relationship often find the walls of security that they found with their partner come crumbling down in front of them." — Lisa Hochberger, Holistic Sexologist and Sexuality Educator
6 "Lying In Your Online Dating Profile Is OK" Ashley Batz for Bustle "'Lying is OK' — I've had several clients who have been told by other experts that a little dishonesty is OK in your profile because either everyone else does it, or you can correct yourself immediately with the excuse that you had to do it to get people to look at your profile. — the reality is that this advice is complete garbage. Justifying anything by saying that others do it is a great way to fail. Beyond that, the second you are caught in a lie, everything else you say comes into question." — Eric Resnick, Owner And Lead Dating Coach at ProfileHelper.com
7 "Someone Will Come Along" Ashley Batz for Bustle "Some of the worst advice I've ever heard is 'just be yourself, someone will come along'. It's such a disempowering statement. Just be yourself someone will come along. It's really like a way to dismiss someone and not get into though the real meat of what's going on. It's like putting your child in front of the TV all day so you don't have to parent them or deal with them." — John Keegan, Dating Expert "‘Don't worry about finding a partner; the right person will come along'," Bennet says. “While worrying is never a good idea, if you don't actively focus on finding a good partner, one isn't going to magically pop into your life. People who find quality people aren't sitting back waiting for someone to enter into their lives.” — David Bennett, Certified Counselor, Relationship Expert and Co-author of Seven Self-Help Books
8 "Just Be Yourself" Ashley Batz/Bustle “The worst dating advice I've ever received is to ‘just be yourself,' If you're constantly dateless or always end up with the wrong person, then "being yourself" isn't working. We coach our clients with the advice "be your best self" instead. Work to become the best version of yourself so you can date the highest quality partner possible.” — David Bennett, Certified Counselor, Relationship Expert and Co-author of Seven Self-Help Books
9 "You'll Feel Butterflies When It's Right" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle “[The] worst dating advice I've heard is that you'll know when they're right for you because you'll feel butterflies immediately. Butterflies are a sign of lust, not compatibility.” —Sandy Weiner, Chief Love Officer of Last First Date
10 "Play Hard To Get" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'Playing hard to get is endearing.' Who dreamed up this junk? Don't do it. It can make you look difficult and really doesn't serve any useful purpose. If you like the person let them know. If you don't… let them know.. Whether online or in-person, responses aimed solely for 'playing hard to get' are a waste a time and will likely ruin any chances of a good thing. Don't play games — just be honest." — Justin Lavelle, Relationship Expert and Chief Communications Officer for BeenVerified
11 "You Need To Feel A Spark" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'You have to feel that “spark” or it just won't work'. This isn't really true. While the spark is mostly related to a real strong physical attraction, there are many other traits of a relationship that people connect on. Maybe you are really in tune with someone on a mental, spiritual, or emotional level. These are solid and some would argue that they create a more solid foundation than just pure physical attraction. So don't despair if you don't feel that spark. You may still be on to something good." — Justin Lavelle, Relationship Expert and Chief Communications Officer for BeenVerified
12 Wait 3 Days To Call & Have Sex On The 3rd Date Ashley Batz/Bustle "'Wait three days to call and be prepared for sex on the third date". Throw it all out the window. In the same vein as 'be yourself' just do what feels right for you. If you want to call 10 minutes after a great date… call! Basically, don't set yourself up for games with timeframes and deadlines that somebody told you years ago. Go with the flow and do what feels right." — Justin Lavelle, Relationship Expert and Chief Communications Officer for BeenVerified
13 Build A Dating Profile You Think Others Will Like Ashley Batz/Bustle "'Build an online profile you think others will like' — just be yourself. You will have a much better chance of having a successful match if you are honest up front and stay away from old tips that say you need to tip the scale this way or that way. Put your best information out there and look for a true match." — Justin Lavelle, Relationship Expert and Chief Communications Officer for BeenVerified
14 “Be Mysterious" Ashley Batz/Bustle "“Be mysterious'. My advice: Games are for kids. Mystery has no place in an adult, healthy relationship." —April Beyer, Professional Matchmaker & Dating Expert
K9 Ventures, a nine-year-old, seed-stage venture firm that has become renowned in Silicon Valley circles for working closely with budding startups at the paper napkin stage, has closed its third fund with $42 million.
The firm's founder and its sole general partner, Manu Kumar — a serial entrepreneur with a PhD in computer science from Stanford — tends to invest less than a million dollars at the outset. But founders get their help building their teams — and their prototypes — in exchange.
The strategy appears to be working. Their first fund, closed in 2008, included stakes in the ride-share company Lyft and the software company Twilio, which went public last year. It also has several other promising startups in its portfolio, including eShares, a company that digitizes paper stock certificates along with stock options, warrants, and derivatives to give stakeholders a real-time picture of who owns what at a startup. Their second fund, which closed with $40 million in 2012, meanwhile includes stakes in the educational games company Osmo and the authentication startup Auth0.
Kumar tells us they could have raised much more this time around — that in fact there's substantial market pressure to raise a larger fund these days — but they call it a “slippery slope” that they aren't interested in navigating. In fact, to underscore how K9 works, it invested in just two startups in both 2015 and 2016, though it typically looks to invest up in up to four startups per year.
We had a quick exchange with Kumar on Friday to check in and learn what he's seeing out there right now.
TC: What was it like, raising this third fund, compared with your earlier funds?
MK: Raising Fund I was the hardest for me. I didn't know much about “LPs” and so had a lot of learning to do to understand how the “money behind the money” operates. That was compounded by my impeccable timing of starting to raise in July 2008. In January 2009, I finally had to make a call that I would start investing with my own money, and when I said that, a few of the investors from my previous companies participated. The initial closing was at $3 million. Over the course of the year, most investors doubled down and we closed that first fund with $6.25 million.
Fund II required a lot of meetings, as I was moving from a $6.25 fund to a $40 million fund, was a solo-GP, and I was determined to do it in a single closing. The early performance of Fund I, with meaningful distributions to LPs, probably helped. This was also my first time dealing with truly institutional LPs. It took probably a little over a year to get it done.
Fund III, relatively speaking was a breeze. We closed within about around 3 months.
TC: What are you seeing in terms founder expectations, when it comes to check sizes?
MK: Most companies, when they raise a small amount these days — meaning less than $2 million –don't issue any announcement about it. So the only announcements that founders see in the press are the that, “company X raised a $3 million seed round” or, worse, that “company Y raised a $6 million seed round.” When you combine that with the conventional wisdom that “seed” is supposed to be the first round — but is not — a lot of founders come in expecting that they're going to raise $2 million to $3 million in the initial financing, without having anywhere close to the level of team, product, traction, or even longevity behind the company.
TC: Are you seeing any difference in the founders you are meeting with? Are they any more or less humble than in previous years?
MK: I think I've successfully selected out of the process for founders that are not humble. Being humble is a key requirement for me — not only for founders but also for myself.
The amount of capital entering the early stage — meaning pre-seed and seed — market is immense. Lots of new early stage funds are being formed, and “non-traditional LPs” are often the source of capital behind these funds. So with that many sources of capital, I can see how founders might feel like they're in high demand. The smart founders will do their homework on the VCs they're working with and optimize carefully between the right partner and the right price.
TC: What are some of the next big trends you're most focused on?
MK: I generally let founders educate me on the future — they're more prescient than I could ever be. That said, when I look at some of the recent companies I've been involved with, I've extracted a thesis that I'm exploring further. The thesis is really around non-typical industries that are ripe for disruption. For example: eShares is addressing an industry that was underserved. No one was doing a good job helping private companies manage equity, valuations and transactions. We filled that void. Likewise, Everlaw is doing something similar for lawyers and litigation. The other industry that I'm currently deep into is agriculture.
TC: Have you made a related bet yet?
KM: Yes, one of the companies I invested in recently is building robots that harvest strawberries. So sector-wise, it's in agricultural robotics. It wouldn't normally sound like a space that VCs would get into, until you start looking at the market and the problem. Turns out there are 58,000 acres of strawberries in the U.S. And it costs between $10,000 and $12,000 per acre to harvest them. That's a big market just in strawberries and doesn't even begin to address how the same technology can extend to other types of fruits and vegetables. To top it off, the current trend is that there simply isn't enough labor to harvest all the fruits and vegetables.
The press loves to talk about machines and automation replacing jobs. The reality is that there simply aren't enough people who want to do the job. There aren't enough farmworkers. And there aren't enough truck drivers, either. And the trend line shows that that problem is going to get worse.
TC: What can you tell us about this particular team?
MK: After an introduction from a computer vision professor, I met them in their garage in Mountain View. Now they're building a 600-pound robotic harvesting machine right in my office. It's a lot of fun.
Pictured above: K9's Palo Alto office.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, left, Managing Director of International Monetary Fund IMF) Christine Lagarde, center, and France's Minister of the Economy and Finance Bruno Le Maire stand together before posing for a picture during the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers and central bankers of G20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war.
An inmate of the Kuje Maximum Prison, Abuja, Ifeanyi Ezenwa, has been accused of coordinating series of frauds, which netted members of their syndicate millions of naira. According to the Inspector-General Police Special Intelligence Response Team, which burst the syndicate, the members of the gang specialised in defrauding their victims, especially business people through the use of fake bank alerts.
Ezenwa was described as a notorious fraudster, who had defrauded car and auto spare parts dealers in many states including the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja.
A source at the IRT explained that the syndicate operated by approaching traders intending to buy goods from them, after negotiations, they would ask their victims to forward their account number in order to do a money transfer. They would inform their victim that the transfer had been made and the victim would receive an alert to the effect. But when a victim goes to the bank to confirm their balance, the money would not be in the account.
The leader of the gang who is in prison, uses a smart phone that is connected to the internet and browses through online retail sites like OLX, JiJi and Jumia, where they connect with people who want to sell their valuables especially cars, chatting with them via Whatsapp.”
It was learnt that when they buy a vehicle, usually very expensive ones, they ensure that they theirs dealing with rightful owner of the vehicle and they would send members of their syndicate to verify the real state of the vehicle. They then proceed to use the same fake banking alert method to swindle the victim.
The police said the syndicate had defrauded their various victims of expensive vehicles such as Mercedes G Wagon, Hummer, Toyota Highlander SUVs.
Their activities became bad to the point that some victims wrote petitions to the Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, who directed the Abba Kyari-led IRT to track down the syndicate, adding that their investigation led them to a house in Abuja, where the G Wagon, Hummer, Honda Odyssey, and a Honda ‘End of Discussion'.
One of their victims, Mohammed Saleke, a car dealer in Abuja, explained that Ezenwa swindled them of a Mercedes G Wagon worth N7m, which was on sale in their stand. According to him, Ezenwa sent a man to their car stand, who negotiated price and took a photograph of the vehicle which was sent to the inmate.
The police said the suspects would be charged to court soon while Ezenwa would also be charged with their fresh crimes.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Workers could be earning a lot more money if they were paid for all the hours spent working overtime, according to a new survey.
More than half of employees don't feel they're paid enough, but need to work an extra 4.63 hours each week to get the job done.
Although many companies are starting to wind down for the festive period, 65 per cent of those surveyed by experiences club Boundless admitted working extra hours on Friday nights, Saturdays or Sundays.
And nearly a quarter (24 per cent) said although their boss didn't expect them to work at the weekend, if they weren't on top of things on Monday their boss wouldn't be happy.
A third of those polled said Monday was a complete nightmare if they didn't work at the weekend and when asked why they worked longer than contracted hours, 43 per cent said it was the only way they could get their job done properly.
If the average employee was paid for all the extra hours they worked, they would earn £3,359, which is enough to buy more than 20,00 mince pieces.
Darren Milton, head of brand and content for Boundless, said: “All this extra work puts a huge strain on people's work-life balance. It is crucial that people maximise their spare time and make the most of it, or we risk work dominating our lives.”
What else does £3,359 buy?
112 six-foot Norwegian Spruce Christmas trees
91 free-range 5kg turkeys
8 Occulus Rift Virtual Reality headsets
DAVIE, Fla. -- There is something different about Miami Dolphins running back Jay Ajayi this summer. The third-year player has a certain swagger and confidence this offseason that wasn't there a year ago.
Ajayi has big goals in 2017 coming off a career-high 1,272 rushing yards and their first Pro Bowl. Ajayi is out to prove they are not a one-year wonder and is aiming to put their name among the elite players at their position.
"Right now, having a couple years under my belt, knowing what I want to be, I want to be the best," Ajayi said following Day 1 of Miami's mandatory minicamp. "I strive for that. I know that to be considered the best at the running back position, you have to be a guy that can do it all."
Ajayi was happy with their production on the ground last season, but they aren't much of a threat in the passing game. Ajayi recorded 27 receptions for 151 yards and averaged just 5.6 yards per catch. In comparison, they averaged 4.9 yards per rush.
Jay Ajayi has their sights set on becoming a more complete running back, building on their 1,272 rushing yards from a season ago. AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee
That is why catching the ball out of the backfield became a major focus during Ajayi's offseason training. They don't want to come off the field on third down and they look much smoother running routes and finishing receptions.
Ajayi also has been more detailed mentally in the offense, according to Dolphins head coach Adam Gase.
"It's slowed down for them a lot from where we were last year at this time compared to where we are right now," Gase said. "The questions that they bring up to us are very detailed. They're really beyond next-level questions. They're almost kind of quarterback-ish questions for a running back."
Ajayi's journey from relative unknown to Pro Bowler got off to a rocky start. They didn't make the trip to Seattle for the regular-season opener due to disciplinary reasons and wasn't a full-time starter until Week 5.
The end-of-the-season experience at the Pro Bowl in Orlando, Florida, last January was important, according to the tailback. Ajayi said the biggest thrill was to speak to future Hall of Famer Ray Lewis, who told Ajayi they followed their progress and ability to overcome adversity throughout the season.
Ajayi, 23, aims to put together another Pro Bowl-caliber season in 2017.
"It definitely made me want to continue to work harder and push myself," Ajayi said. "Because I want to be on that level every year, being able to be recognized as [that] type of player."
Congratulations to our 2018 Teachers of the Year: Elementary Teacher Carol Cutkomp, Middle School Teacher Susan Peterson, and High School Teacher David Pino!
Three Capistrano Unified School District teachers have been named “2018 Teachers of the Year” for their outstanding commitment to engage students in learning.
The winners were notified of the recognition during surprise visits from District officials, school colleagues and friends, and family.
District Board of Trustees President Martha McNicholas, Vice President Gila Jones, Trustee Amy Hanacek, Trustee Judy Bullockus, Superintendent Kirsten Vital and Capistrano Unified Educators Association President Sally White were present for the celebrations and congratulated the winning teachers – Carol Cutkomp, Susan Peterson, and David Pino – for their unyielding dedication to students.
“We are honored to recognize these fantastic teachers who are dedicated to student success,” said President McNicholas. “Not only are Ms. Cutkomp, Ms. Peterson and Mr. Pino fostering academic achievement in their classrooms, they are preparing students for success in our communities as well. They are wonderful examples of the teachers we have in our District.”
The winning educators were previously recognized as Teacher of the Year at their respective schools and then advanced as candidates for the District's 2018 Teacher of the Year honor. The three teachers now advance to the Orange County Teacher of the Year competition later this year.
Elementary School Teacher of the Year: Carol Cutkomp
Carol Cutkomp has been a teacher at Tijeras Creek Elementary School for 18 years and brings 35 years of teaching experience to Capistrano Unified School District. Colleagues know them to be a dedicated mentor who continues to support students after they graduate from their classroom.
“I have had the privilege of witnessing firsthand Ms. Cutkomp's perseverance and rock-solid dedication since the first day I walked onto campus,” says Tijeras Creek Principal Diann Buckingham. “During their many years at our school, they have written grants that have purchased over $10,000 in materials and technology.”
Mrs. Cutkomp posts two simple, but powerful, words on their front board: “respect” and
“honesty.” They work to make students feel comfortable taking risks and helps them
realize that failure is a springboard, not an ending point.
“Students must feel comfortable collaborating with their peers without fear of rejection,”
they say. “There is nothing more satisfying than seeing scholars work together to solve
problems.”
Middle School Teacher of the Year: Susan Peterson
For 28 years, Susan Peterson has taught social science at Niguel Hills Middle School.
 They are always open to learning new strategies and focuses on the success of ALL them
students. They also embrace all things technology to teach their students and keep their
interest in learning.
“Classrooms that function the same way as they did when we were in school are not
the answer for teens today who live in a rapidly changing world of bits and bytes,” they
says. “As educators, we need to change the way we teach so we can keep our
students in school and prepare them for a future that we can only imagine.”
Mrs. Peterson often opens their classroom to students at lunch as a safe, welcoming
space.  They are also recognized as a mentor for students who are interested in the
education field.
“Mrs. Peterson is a master teacher who has mentored many student teachers into
successful teaching careers, several of whom are on our campus today,” says Niguel Hill
Assistant Principal Todd Amon. “Whether it is with curriculum development, classroom
management or implementing needed intervention and enrichment, their mentees have
grown into master teachers themselves and our students have reaped the benefits.”
High School Teacher of the Year: David Pino
David Pino has taught at Junipero Serra Alternative High School for eight years and is
also an adjunct instructor at Saddleback Community College. They strive to motivate
and prepare youth to be the best they can be academically, socially and emotionally,
along with a path of life-long learning.
“I always encourage my students to be their own heroes,” they say. “When I hear
students complain about politicians and the government not working for the people, I
challenge them to do something about it. As a government teacher, I offer extra credit
for students who register others to vote.”
Ryan Burris
Chief Communications Officer
Capistrano Unified School District
by
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Tuesday warned their US counterpart Donald Trump that abandoning a nuclear deal that the Tehran government signed with world powers in 2015 would lead to "serious consequences".
Speaking live on television, Rouhani said their government had kept its end of the deal and warned Trump not to tear up the agreement, which had also been signed by Russia, China, Germany, the UK and France.
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments, the Iranian government will react firmly," Rouhani said.
"If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences," they added.
Trump has said that unless the US' European allies put right what they have described as "terrible flaws" in the deal by May 12, their government would re-establish economic sanctions on Iran, dealing the pact a major blow, Xinhua news agency reported.
Rouhani stressed that Iran was complying with the deal, as has been confirmed a dozen times by the International Atomic Energy Agency, whose Director General Yukiya Amano said in March that a possible failure of the agreement would be a great loss.
French President Emmanuel Macron was in Washington in an attempt to try and persuade Trump not to walk away from the accord.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday they had agreed with their Chinese counterpart that Moscow and Beijing would try to block any US attempt to wreck the nuclear deal.
Iran has said it would ramp up its nuclear programme if the deal collapses.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): A special session of a two-day International Sports Press Association (AIPS) Congress- 2017 commenced here at a local hotel on Friday with world's renowned journalists expressing their wish for return of all type of sports activities to Pakistan.
The event has been jointly organized by Pakistan Sports Writers Federation (PSWF) and Ministry of Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage.
Around 70 delegates from 33 countries have congregated here to attend the congress to elect new office-bearers of the continental wing of AIPS.
Welcoming the delegates President of PSWF Amjad Aziz Malik said that it was a historic moment in the history of Pakistan that world's renowned sports journalists had arrived in the country to attend the congress.
“This moot is a clear depiction of the reality that Pakistan is a
peaceful country. The international teams should prefer to come to Pakistan and participate in sports activities here,” they said.
They said it was a matter of great privilege and prestige for PSWF that Pakistan was preferred to host the AIPS congress. “Sports bring people together. I believe this congress meeting will promote bonds of friendship between sports playing nations,” they added.
Amjdad Aziz Malik thanked Ministry of Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage, particularly Minister for Information Marriyum Aurangzeb for extending full support to hold the congress in a befitting manner. “The successful holding of the event would send a message of peace and friendship to all over the world and bring Pakistan closer to other nations,” they added.
Vice President of Hungarian Sports Writers Association, Dr Zsuzsa Csisztu said that Pakistan had suffered a lot due to terrorism and keeping in view the challenges it faced during the past few years on that front, the holding of AIPS congress was a great initiative.
“Pakistan has been a victim of terrorism. Now international teams should come here,” they said.
They said Hungary government considered sports a strategic field and expressed the hope that sports events would take place between Pakistan and Hungary in the coming days. They also read out a message of Hungarian President on the occasion, who had expressed well wishes to Pakistan. In the message, Hungarian President also hailed the holding of AIPS congress in Pakistan.
The President of AIPS Gianni Merlo said that the moot would prove a turning point and help sports come closer. They said they felt honoured to come to Pakistan for the congress adding that it was the time to do something for the coming generations. “The sports journalists have an important role of connecting the people in a proper way.I think we've begun a new journey,” they said.
Pakistan's well-known commentator and former Chief Executive Officer Pakistan Cricket Board Chishty Mujahid on the occasion thanked AIPS' delegates for visiting Pakistan. They said Pakistani journalists were focusing only on cricket and urged them to also pay attention to other games. “We've also been champions in hockey, squash and snooker. In tennis too weâ€™ve started to do well. The sports journalists must also play their role in highlighting these games,” they said.
They expressed the satisfaction that international sports had started to return Pakistan. “We've successfully held World XI cricket series in Lahore, recently. A cricket match also took place in Miranshah, North Waziristan.Â All this shows Pakistan is a peaceful country,” they said.
They expressed the hope that international sports activities would soon return to Pakistan. They hailed PSWF and Ministry of Information for holding the congress in Pakistan.
Director Sports PTV, Dr Nauman Niaz said sports were a catalyst for change. They said Pakistan sports history was enriched with great achievements. They said the role of sports journalists was imperative as the achievements of sportspersons could not be highlighted without their cooperation.
Meanwhile, in another session of the congress renowned sports commentators, analysts and formers players deliberated on the ways and means as how sports journalists could play important in removing differences and bringing nations together.
Ahmed Khawari Essa, a sport analyst from Malaysia said sports could be an effective tool of unification for communities. They said their country was enjoying good relations with Pakistan in different fields, including sports.
Former Captain Pakistan Football team Col (R) Mujahidullah Tareen underlined the need to promote sports at different levels as it would help bring peace in the region and end terrorism.
President of Korean Sports Media Association, Hee Don Jung highlighted importance of sports in human lives stating, “Sports is human and human is sports.” They said sports had become a universal language adding that they had visited around 60 countries and never felt any communication issue there due to their association with sports.
Saba, a journalist from Kolkata, India said they belonged to that city where Pakistani players performed better than Indians. They said sports could unite people and was of the view that sports journalists from Pakistan and India should regularly visit each other's country.
Commentator Tariq Reheem said Pakistan was moving forward in right direction and now instead of talking about terrorism we must talk about promoting sports.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chevron Corp:
* CHEVRON - ‍​ON JAN 31, BOARD APPROVED CEO COMPENSATION PACKAGE FOR MICHAEL WIRTH, WHICH INCLUDES ANNUAL SALARY OF $1.5 MILLION EFFECTIVE FEB 1 - SEC FILING
* CHEVRON - ‍ON JAN 31, BOARD RATIFIED INCREASE IN ANNUAL BASE SALARY FOR PATRICIA YARRINGTON, CFO​ TO $1.1 MILLION ‍​ Source text - bit.ly/2DZxLP2 Further company coverage:
Toyota tipped its hand ahead of the 2017 Tokyo motor show and revealed not one, but two concept vehicles it will debut in Japan. The first is the GR HV Sports Concept, which takes design inspiration from the automaker's TS050 LMP1 race car. The second is the TJ Cruiser Concept, which molds SUV styling and van functionality into one "lifestyle" vehicle.
We'll start with the GR HV Sports Concept ("GR" stands for Toyota's Gazoo Racing banner) and its...interesting design direction. Toyota clearly worked to channel its LMP1 race car's design, though as they say, beauty rests in the eye of the beholder. The concept is essentially a modified Toyota 86 with a revised design and a hybrid powertrain, though it boasts a lot of rather unique—and maybe peculiar—elements.
The Japanese automaker didn't share much information on the GR HV's powertrain but said power comes from "THS-R (Toyota Hybrid System-Racing) that is infused with hybrid technology refined by the TS050 Hybrid." OK, we get it. It's a hybrid. We have to assume that means the familiar 2.0-liter flat-4 engine is under the hood, though the hybrid system is undefined. Toyota says it mounted the battery pack at the center of the GR HV Sports' body for even weight distribution.
Additionally, the GR HV Sports boasts a "manumatic" transmission of sorts. An automatic transmission sends power to the rear wheels, but the driver can switch to a manual mode at the press of a button. From there, drivers use the gear shifter as a 6-speed manual unit. Buttons on the center stack operate the automatic transmission.
Toyota GR HV Sports concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo Toyota GR HV Sports concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo Toyota GR HV Sports concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo
As if the design isn't wild enough, the GR HV also features a targa top, which Toyota says recalls the Sports 800 and Supra of yesteryear. The front clip features headlights akin to the TS050 racer, while the rear boasts Prius-looking taillights and a big center exhaust. The GR HV's rear fascia design is arguably more fluid than the front. Toyota's mission was to create a fun-to-drive sports car with fuel economy and emissions similar to an eco-friendly vehicle.
Toyota's second concept is the TJ Cruiser ("TJ" is short for "toolbox joy"), which follows the FT-4X Concept. While the FT-4X was a cute, tiny urban explorer, Toyota paints the TJ Cruiser as a van-SUV hybrid that can handle multiple lifestyles. The design evokes a traditional SUV, but the concept vehicle's footprint mimics the cargo capacity and usability of a van, including the sliding doors. The front and rear passenger seats can be reclined completely flat to fit items up to 10-feet long, and numerous tie-down points are built in to secure cargo.
Toyota TJ Cruiser concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo Toyota TJ Cruiser concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo Toyota TJ Cruiser concept debuting at 2017 Tokyo Motor Show Enlarge Photo
Power comes from a 2.0-liter engine paired to a hybrid system, and Toyota says the TJ Cruiser utilizes the automaker's latest TNGA (Toyota New Global Architecture) platform. Toyota says it can handle a front- or all-wheel drive layout.
Both concept vehicles will make their auto show debut in Tokyo on October 25. For more coverage, visit our dedicated hub.
New York (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged higher in intraday trading on Monday after worries receded over an explosion in New York's busy Port Authority commuter hub, while stocks rose around the world on continued solid global economic growth indicators.
Tokens of the virtual currency Bitcoin are seen placed on a monitor that displays binary digits in this illustration picture, December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 36.39 points, or 0.15 percent, to 24,365.55, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.19 points, or 0.23 percent, to 2,657.69 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 30.89 points, or 0.45 percent, to 6,870.97.
“It's a pretty flat day overall. The market is in a holding pattern until we get past the (Federal Reserve) meeting, which we won't have until the afternoon on Wednesday,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
The Fed is widely expected to raise interest rates at a two-day policy meeting that ends on Wednesday. Investors will be watching for discussion around disappointing inflation for indications on how many more rate hikes are likely next year.
Gains in the energy .SPNY and technology .SPLRCT indices helped boost Wall Street. Apple shares were up 1.7181 percent after the company confirmed it had reached a deal to acquire Shazam Entertainment, an app that identifies music as it is played from a speaker.
MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.36 percent.
“There's somewhat of an enthusiasm that global growth is more synchronized than it's been in a long time, and it's synchronized in the right direction,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis, Missouri.
MSCI's emerging market stock index .MSCIEF rose 0.85 percent. Its broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS closed 0.82 percent higher, while Japan's Nikkei .N225 rose 0.56 percent.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.01 percent.
British shares rose on a weaker pound, rising oil prices and growing confidence in the financial sector. The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE closed 0.8 percent higher.
Interest in the surging bitcoin and opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on cryptocurrency-related stocks, many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months.
Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the U.S. debut on Sunday. The spot price quoted by Bitstamp showed one Bitcoin up 12.3 percent at $16,498. BTC=BTSP
TREASURY YIELDS RECOVER
Yields on U.S. Treasury 10-year notes and 30-year bonds recovered from earlier losses related to the New York explosion.
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 1/32 in price to yield 2.3868 percent, from 2.383 percent late on Friday.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR last rose 2/32 in price to yield 2.7723 percent, from 2.775 percent late on Friday.
The gap between benchmark German and U.S. 10-year bond yields was near its widest since April on Monday, as the fiscal and policy paths of two of the world's leading economies diverge.
Monetary policy-setters for both countries are due to meet this week. While both economies are on the mend, the U.S. Fed appears to remain on a path of tighter monetary policy while the European Central Bank looks to be on hold for the foreseeable future. In addition, U.S. tightening comes as U.S. President Donald Trump pushes a tax overhaul plan that is expected to balloon its fiscal deficit.
The dollar index .DXY fell 0.06 percent, with the euro EUR= up 0.2 percent at $1.1788.
Oil prices LCOc1 CLc1 rose, reversing earlier losses, after a North Sea pipeline shut for repairs and investors focused on commodities following the New York blast.
U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 0.99 percent to $57.93 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $64.65, up 1.97 percent on the day.
EDMONTON—Burying a loved one is a sad process. It's also, critics say, an environmentally unfriendly one. After people die, traditionally their bodies are preserved with chemicals before being put into a heavy casket that takes a long time to decompose, and buried beneath land that won't be used or anything else.
Teena Changarathil, the Edmonton's cemetery supervisor, said the city is hoping to offer biodegradable urns that contain a plant that grows from a person's ashes, instead of a traditional grave marker. ( Kevin Tuong / For StarMetro )
But now, some Alberta cemeteries are looking to lessen the environmental impact of dying. The City of Edmonton is currently in the planning stages of offering natural burial areas in two cemeteries: Northern Lights and South Haven. If all goes to plan, in three to five years Edmontonians will be able to say goodbye to loved ones in an area where headstones are replaced with rows of trees and plants, and all names are placed on one communal monument.
Article Continued Below
In the case of Northern Lights cemetery, people would be laid to rest in a green burial site. This means forgoing chemicals such as formaldehyde and using caskets made of biodegradable materials like wicker or wool. Some people might even choose to be wrapped in linen cloth before being placed directly into the ground. Graves would not be lined with concrete. Instead of pesticide-heavy lawns, the land would be covered with natural plant life. “It will be a garden-esque walkway, so it will be beautiful,” said Teena Changarathil, the City of Edmonton's cemetery supervisor. In South Haven, Changarathil said the city is exploring biodegradable urns that contain a plant that grows from the ashes in place of a marker. However, since green urns that are currently commercially available actually take 10 years to actually break down, the city is looking at even greener alternatives. It hopes to offer them as early as next year, they added. Changarathil said the city has received a lot of inquiries about green burials from the public over the past five to ten years, and officially started looking into the service in the past two.
In Calgary, a new cemetery set to open in 2020 will have an area set aside for green burials, said Gary Daudlin, cemetery superintendent at that city's Queen's Park Cemetery. “There is more and more interest. It's definitely something that the public is looking at and considering as an option,” they said.
Article Continued Below
While Alberta's two biggest cities are just getting into the green burial business, it's become an increasingly popular option in other parts of the country. In Canada, currently there are seven natural burial sites in Ontario, three in BC, three in New Brunswick and one in PEI, according to the Green Burial Society of Canada. Erik Lees, a landscape architect and past president of the society, said they are seeing more consumers, cemeteries and local governments interested in green burials. “Virtually every new cemetery plan we've been involved with in the last three years has included a green burial area,” said Lees, who is currently working on the new cemetery in Calgary. “Across Canada, compared to traditional burial or cremation the numbers (of green burials) are still very low, but that's natural enough.” Bonnie Hoffmann, director for the Alberta region at the Green Burial Society of Canada, said the green burial movement is being driven by baby boomers. “With more and more baby boomers passing away, they have to make that choice about what to be done with their physical being,” they said. “More and more of us are looking for simpler ways, for ways that are less expensive ... more environmentally sensitive.” Daudlin pointed out the the practice is not only environmentally friendly, but culturally appropriate for observant Muslims and Jews, many of whom follow some of the same practices as natural burials when laying their loved ones to rest. “From our perspective, we want to give people an opportunity to be buried with their values intact,” they said. Although Changarathil said most green burial practices are possible within current regulations. The provincial Cemeteries Act governs things like where cemeteries are located and how big and deep graves must be, but most of the details are left up to the municipality or religious organization that runs the cemetery. But Changarathil said occupation health and safety regulations prevent burials from being fully green, such as by forgoing backhoes to dig graves. “We can't take a shovel and put our staff and patrons through that process because it would have a lot of health impacts,” they said. Still, they added: “This is as close as we are going to get to a natural burial process as possible.” Kashmala Fida is an Edmonton-based reporter covering City Hall and diversity. Follow them on Twitter: @KashFida
Read more about:
A Colorado mom says police officers shut down their boys' lemonade stand over a permitting issue. ABC 7
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that e-wallet for exporters will be made and notional amount as advance refund will be given. This will be initiated on April 1, 2018, they said.
Addressing the media after 22nd GST Council meeting in Delhi, Jaitley said that the pattern of collection of GST is not clear after two months because it was a period of transition.
In a relief to small and medium enterprises, the GST Council today raised the turnover threshold to Rs 1 crore for businesses to avail of the composition scheme that allows them to pay 1-5 per cent tax without going through tedious formalities.
So far over 15 lakh out of the 90 lakh registered businesses have opted for the composition scheme.
“Traders will pay 1 percent, manufacturers 2 percent and restaurants 5 percent under composition scheme,” the FM said.
GST Council also allowed SMEs with turnover of up to Rs 1.5 crore to file quarterly returns instead of monthly filings.
“Tax refunds of July and August for exporters to be processed from October 10,” Jaitley said.
Government has also revoked GST notification on gems and jewellery stating that PAN card will no longer be mandatory on the purchase of jewellery for over Rs 50,000.
The decision was taken at the crucial meeting of the GST Council today.
Offering further respite to Jewellers, the meeting further concluded that any entity dealing in gems, jewellery and other high-value goods that has a turnover of Rs 2 crore or more in a financial year will not be covered under PMLA.
Also, government need not be informed on jewellery purchase of over Rs 50,000, which means that jewellers will not have to report data on buyers to Financial Intelligence Unit.
A separate notification on this will be issued separately after due consideration.
FILE - In this Oct. 24, 2017 file photo, Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi attends a military ceremony in the courtyard at the Hotel des Invalides in Paris, France. With the March 26-28, 2018, election, Egypt breaks with most pretense of democratic process, insisting stability is the priority. The vote saw an unprecedented purge from the race of would-be opponents to President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, leaving their only rival a little known politician who is hardly campaigning. Charles Platiau, Pool via AP, File)
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a televised briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Arkady Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood.
Their reported murder touched off a war of words between Ukraine and Russia, a flurry of condemnations from European capitals and Washington, and shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life, and that they were fine.
“I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters. “I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that they have been through.”
Babchenko's reappearance elicited gasps, then cheers and applause from journalists at the briefing.
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted.
They did not specify what those planned acts were, but the SBU said it had received information about a plot to kill 30 people in Ukraine, including Babchenko, but had managed to prevent it. The security service declined to say who the other 29 people were.
It said it had detained a Ukrainian citizen recruited by Russia to find someone to kill Babchenko. They were given $40,000 to organise the murder, $30,000 for the killer and $10,000 for being an intermediary, it said.
“We managed not only to break this cynical provocation, but also to document the preparation of this shameful crime by Russian special services,” SBU chief Vasyl Hrytsak said.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko (C), who was reported murdered in the Ukrainian capital on May 29, Ukrainian Prosecutor General Yuriy Lutsenko (R) and head of the state security service (SBU) Vasily Gritsak attend a news briefing in Kiev, Ukraine May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko
General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko, who appeared alongside Babchenko, said it was necessary to fake the journalist's death so that the organisers of the plot to kill them would believe they had succeeded.
The Russian Foreign ministry said on Wednesday it was happy Babchenko had turned out to be alive after all, but said Ukraine has used their story as propaganda.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, has lived in the Ukrainian capital since receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
“Everything is over from yesterday,” Babchenko said. “I did my job and I'm still alive.”
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty.
Moscow, which has been at odds with Kiev since a 2014 popular revolt in Ukraine that toppled a Russian-backed government in favour of a pro-Western one, described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on the military plane crash. They said their comments, in which they said they “didn't give a damn” about the incident, had resulted in thousands of threats, their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported.
Slideshow (4 Images)
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Beijing Ultrapower Software Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT WINS BID FOR SERVICE CONTRACT WORTH UP TO 160.1 MILLION YUAN ($25.49 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2rWWKg2 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2805 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Special Counsel Robert Mueller (Photo: James Berglie / TNS file)
Washington — The Justice Department's special counsel investigation Russia's meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election is now also reportedly examining whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice.
Robert Mueller, the former FBI director now leading the DOJ probe, is looking into whether the 45th president is guilty of a federal crime, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Citing unidentified “officials,” the Post reported Mueller's probe has taken a dramatic turn. No longer is they merely focused on Moscow's efforts to interfere in the 2016 election, meaning Mueller appears also to be zeroing in on Trump's actions since taking office on Jan. 20.
The special counsel, who has moved quickly to take full control of the investigation, is reportedly interviewing what the Post described as “senior intelligence officials” as part of what suddenly also is an obstruction of justice investigation.
On Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions told the Senate Intelligence Committee that there were discussions at high levels about firing FBI Director James Comey even before Sessions was confirmed. They told the panel that they and others, including Trump, concluded months before Comey's termination that it was time for a “fresh start” at the bureau, adding concerns about Comey's performance were never discussed with the then-FBI chief.
Trump has said they were going to fire Comey no matter what, and also has acknowledged that the “Russia thing” was on their mind when they made the final termination call. Comey was fired May 9.
During their own dramatic testimony before the same Senate committee last week, Comey said they felt they were fired in large part because they refused to drop a FBI probe into possible nefarious ties between Russian officials and Trump's campaign adviser and first national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn.
Comey also suggested another factor in their termination was their declining to lift what Trump, during private phone conversations, described as the “cloud” of the bureau's Russia probe hanging over their presidency that was making it difficult for them to govern.
On Friday, Trump attempted to push back. They told reporters in a steamy Rose Garden that Comey had lied under oath, saying: “Frankly, James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said, and some of the things that they said just weren't true.”
The president also vowed they would tell Mueller, should they be interviewed as part of the special counsel's probe, just what they told reporters: that they “didn't say” to Comey that they wanted them to drop the bureau's probe of Flynn. They also denied that they asked Comey to utter a loyalty pledge during a private Oval Office meeting before which they asked officials, including Sessions and their son-in-law Jared Kushner, a top White House adviser, to leave the room.
The White House on Wednesday evening declined to comment about the Post's obstruction of justice report. Principal Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders referred Roll Call to an outside counsel.
Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, did not respond to an email requesting comment.
But in a statement issued shortly after the Post report, a spokesperson for Kasowitz, Mark Corallo, said: “The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The apparent obstruction probe immediately conjures memories of the Watergate scandal. The Post report came days after a Trump confidant, Newsmax CEO Christopher Ruddy, told PBS the president is “considering” firing Mueller.
Sanders has since denied that Trump intends to do so.
“Chris was speaking for themselves and did not speak to the president,” a White House official told Roll Call in an email late Monday. The official was responding to this comment from Ruddy, a longtime Trump confidant, to “PBS NewsHour” host Judy Woodruff: “I think he's considering perhaps terminating the special counsel. … I think he's weighing that option.”
Trump would need Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, to carry out such a termination. If they declined, Trump would have to fire them and find another DOJ official willing to do so — a scenario that would be reminiscent of the Watergate era and its infamous “Saturday Night Massacre.”
In October 1973, the Justice Department's special prosecutor investigating the Watergate break-in, Archibald Cox, took their quest for information from the Nixon White House to court. Nixon demanded Attorney General Elliot Richardson immediately fire Cox. Richardson refused, and instead resigned. Ditto for Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus.
Ultimately, Robert Bork, at the time solicitor general, fired Cox.
The Saturday Night Massacre “released a firestorm of protest, with nearly a half million telegrams bombarding the White House in one week,” according to the White House Historical Association.
The Post report only further embroils Trump and their presidency in legal problems that also feature lawsuits from the District of Columbia and Maryland, as well as nearly 200 congressional Democrats, over their business holdings and foreign governments.
Simone Pathe contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqGYsn
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While they were nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said they aren't upset when they found out about the snub; in fact, they believe it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” they told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that they have everything going for him, and they have received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” they said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” they concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
LAHORE, Feb 15 (APP)- Chairman, Pakistan Cricket Board, Shaharyar
M Khan said on Wednesday that PCB has not given up holding of the
Pakistan Super League final here on March 5 at Gadaffi stadium.
“We will not bow down to the terrorists or their heinous designs
and we are fully determined to hold the final of the mega event at
Lahore and we have informed the government in this regard”, they told
newsmen here.
They expressed their gratitude to Army Chief, Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa
for supporting PCB stance of holding the PSL final at Gadaffi stadium.
“We highly value the gesture shown by the Army Chief for the cause
of cricket in Pakistan and PCB has sent them a special message of thanks”,
they added.
They informed that security experts and managers of various cricket boards will soon be visiting Pakistan to access security situation
for the resumption of international cricket in Pakistan.
referring to cricketers, Sharjeel Khan and
Khalid Latif who were suspended on the allegations of spot fixing
in PSL,he said: “PCB wants to give them a fair chance for their defence.
Khan said PCB has zero tolerance for corruption in
cricket and added that there was no place for the cricketers in national cricket who are involved in the menace.
“Such cricketers will be given exemplary punishment in order to set precedent for young cricketers and to save the future of the game”, they added.
By: Adi Vella
Please be advised that content in this article is of a sensitive nature and may trigger some readers. Reader discretion is strongly advised.
the wall is a gallery space in UPEI's Dawson lounge for exhibitions of artwork with a special focus on portraiture. This space is coordinated jointly by This town is small (PEI's artist run centre) and UPEI's Anthropology and Sociology department.
–
About Dissonance
Dawson lounge's the wall is currently hosting an art exhibit called ‘Dissonance' that opened on January 20th, 2018 and will be on display until the first week of March. This art exhibit is a collaboration between Norah Pendergast, a PEI-based educator, and their friend Juliana Wigmore, a photographer/artist based in BC but born in PEI.
Norah Pendergast agreed to elaborate about their art exhibition to us at The Cadre on a crisp Sunday morning.
“This exhibit came to exist as I approached my best friend [Juliana] to take my headshots,” said Ms. Pendergast, “and after an hour of experimenting during that photoshoot we ended up with these photographs and several others.”
They said that this art exhibition, through its spontaneous staging and expressiveness of its portraits, documents an abusive relationship and its consequences as seen by someone in our own community.
“With that experience I had [of domestic violence], there was no sort of justice or resolution”, Pendergast explained. “I had to continue living in this small community with a man and their enablers who had traumatized me on numerous occasions, never knowing when or where I would see them. I kind of started seeing that this [art exhibit] might be a way for me to relieve some of my discomfort caused by the lack of justice in my situation. And it has [laughs]. It feels great to let that out and air that. I guess that's one of the roles of confession in society, [which] is that rebalancing of the variables.”
Pendergast explained that their artwork falls into the genre of confessional art and that Shoshana Felman's writing had a strong effect on them It made them question the role of confession in society and why we should be talking about these experiences of injustice.
Commenting on the visual quality of these portraits, Pendergast says that they and their artistic collaborator Wigmore agreed on the stark contrast and an almost surreal aesthetic. “The use of the veil and the feather in these portraits is meant to symbolise how we often hide trauma from ourselves and those around us”, Pendergast said.
Juliana Wigmore is influenced by the works of Annie Leibovitz, Helmut Newton and Susan Bryce. Wigmore believes that portraits serve as artefacts and heirlooms from our lives and act as markers of time and our experiences, not only for us but also for people in our lives.
Juliana says the images in Dissonance offer viewers a chance to explore the use of confession in society, and hopefully reflect on ways they might express and release their own traumas.
Pendergast said they really appreciates the academic setting for their exhibit and would like their artwork to be approached with an academic lens, saying “the themes are very [closely] tied to social and anthropological issues”. The exhibit is accompanied by an essay written by Natalie B. Pendergast (Norah's sister), who has a PhD. in comparative literature with an emphasis on representations of self in autobiographical graphic novels.
An artist talk is planned for February 15th, discussing various aspects of the exhibition. Pendergast will be in attendance and Wigmore will be connected via video call to address the gathering. The talk is an opportunity for students and the general public to engage with the artists and learn from their experience as well as share their own.
On the #MeToo movement
Pendergast remarks it was fascinating to see how these events have unfolded, especially within the local community.
“There was a lot going on locally,” they say. “There was a song ‘Microphone' in which a local musician, Kinley gives a testimony of their rape.  They are such a brave hero and that was happening right at the time I finally detached from my abuser. That summer was very dystopic for me. That's when we did the shoot, we never planned that [the photographs] would be exhibited in public, but here we are”.
Pendergast recalled emotional impact when #MeToo reached the mainstream.“The week of #MeToo was really intense,” they said. “I was very triggered all week and you could feel that a lot of women were. When I woke up that Sunday morning and saw all the #MeToos in my newsfeed it was like a dragon was breathing fire on all the ickiness. When we did the photoshoot it was before #MeToo. Now it is after. Everything has changed ”.
Pendergast stressed on the importance of all the stories that have surfaced during the #MeToo movement.
“Suddenly there was this onslaught of writing, really good writing from all over the world,” they note, “articles saying the things that I had been feeling about the injustice I had lived through, these incidents of shocking harassment/assault in a grey area for which we didn't have the language before #MeToo”.
Going forward with the #MeToo, Pendergast believes that we really need to bring it down to the local level. “This happens in Charlottetown, it happened to me”.
Photo credit: Juliana Wigmore
The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission (TLC) will move forward with a proposal to require any car services that accept payment exclusively via credit card to offer a tipping option via the same means, the New York Times reported Monday. The proposal seems designed mostly to force Uber's hand, requiring the ride hailing service to offer an in-app tipping option, something it's been reluctant to introduce thus far.
The TLC's announced proposal will be just an initial step towards implementing the rule, and would still require formal introduction sometime within the next few months, and then a public hearing soliciting feedback from members of the community, and then a vote to decide whether to implement or reject the proposal.
The new proposed new rule comes after the Independent Drivers Guild (IDG), a group that represents Uber drivers in the city, put forward a petition and received over 11,000 signatures supporting the implementation of an in-app tipping option. Under the proposed rules, anyone exclusively accepting cash would be able to continue accepting cash tips and not required to offer a card-based tipping method.
IDG founder Jim Conigliaro, Jr. provided the following statement regarding the TLC's proposal:
Today's decision is a vitally important step forward for drivers. In-app tipping will mean a raise of hundreds of millions of dollars for New York City drivers each year. Drivers have long been denied access to the kinds of benefits and labor protections many workers take for granted, such as paid sick leave or the minimum wage. As a result, New York City's professional drivers have traditionally depended on gratuities for a substantial portion of their income. Cuts to driver pay across the ride-hail industry has made tipping income more important than ever,
Uber, when contacted, offering this comment via a spokesperson regarding the potential new rule:
We have not seen the proposal and look forward to reviewing it. Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers and we are constantly working to improve the driver experience. That's why, in New York City, we partnered with the Machinists Union to make sure current and future Uber NYC drivers have a stronger voice and launched a series of new tools and support policies for drivers.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Midtown Manhattan went into crisis mode early Monday following an explosion in a Times Square transit station.
Police said an explosive device went off around 7:20 a.m. ET inside the Port Authority Bus Terminal at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue. Broadcast reports said police have one suspect in custody. The device went off as the suspect was carrying it into the subway area of the transit hub, according to broadcast reports.
The suspect is to believed to be the only person to suffer significant injuries as a result of the explosion. The incident has snarled transit and traffic in Midtown as police shuttered streets in the busy area. Subways were diverted to avoid 42nd Street, a crucial crossroads especially during the morning rush hour period. Some subway cars that were en route to the area had to be evacuated as law enforcement swarmed the Port Authority station.
Broadcast reports said the device was believed to have gone off prematurely, but the specifics of the suspect's plan remained murky. WNBC-TV New York and others reported that police believed the incident was the work of a “lone actor.”
More to come
Following news that one of the early frontrunners on “The Bachelorette” has a history of liking controversial posts on Instagram, Becca Kufrin, this season's lead, has broken them silence.
On Monday night's premiere of “The Bachelorette,” Kufrin awarded Garrett Yrigoyen the episode's first impression rose, only for it to be revealed shortly after that they had recently liked posts mocking Parkland high school students, liberal women, trans people, and undocumented immigrants.
Kufrin, though, says since hearing about their social media activity, she's keeping an open mind.
“I want viewers to be open to everyone, and I want them to go through this season with me and watch my love story unfold with all of these men … because that's how I went into this journey,” they told Entertainment Tonight on Wednesday. “I did things in the past that I'm sure wasn't the best thing, but I just want people to stay open-minded to everyone.”
They went on to say that if the allegations were true, it's something they would “confront” with anyone they dated. “We would have a discussion about it. We would get to the bottom of it and we would find a solution,” Kufrin said.
“I can't fault on anyone for what they believe and who's to say that anyone is truly what they believe in if they just double tap,” the Bachelorette added. “I can't speak to that because that's just not me. I am a strong woman and I do believe in certain things, but again, that's what's so great about our country — everyone is entitled to their own opinions.”
Yrigoyen has since deleted their account, which was made private on May 24, but not before former “Bachelor” contestant Ashley Spivey posted screenshots of their social media activity to Twitter.
The screenshots show that Yrigoyen has liked numerous memes and posts from conservative political pundits, including Tomi Lahren, which include comments about the appearances of women, images of throwing immigrant children over border walls, and suggestions that Parkland student David Hogg is a crisis actor.
BUSINESS
South Korea's top two carmakers said Tuesday that they have set up an advanced vehicle-road communication system as part of their broader plan to advance autonomous driving technology.
Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. said they have incorporated the so-called vehicle to everything system on a 14-kilometer stretch of road with seven intersections in Hwaseong, south of Seoul.
The companies said they will carry out detailed research to verify the validity, effectiveness and soundness of the system that will allow them to move forward with self-driving cars that are seen as the future of the transportation industry.
(Yonhap)
The V2X aims to make it possible for vehicles to exchange various information on a real-time basis with the road, signal lights, between other cars and even pedestrians. Such information is critical for autonomous cars since onboard cameras, radars and other sensors cannot provide a comprehensive picture of a car's surrounding that will allow it to navigate safely through streets. Sensors, in particular, have been found to have problems in bad weather conditions.The advanced system makes use of special signal relay stations and closed circuit TVs placed along the road.The two carmakers, flagship affiliates of the world's fifth-largest automotive conglomerate in terms of sales Hyundai Motor Group, said it reached an agreement with Hwaseong City late last year for the installation of the V2X. The city located some 60 kilometers from the capital city is home to Hyundai's Namyang R&D Center. The conglomerate has been engaged in a government-supported autonomous driving development program since June 2016.Hyundai and Kia said they plan to gather information from the V2X by the end of the year so they can make changes and improve shortcomings detected.It said based on data and know-how collected, it will get the system operational for the state organized infrastructure project that will make it feasible for cars to communicate with each other on highways in 2020. (Yonhap)
Even though Adele flubbed during their live performance at the Grammys, they walked away the belle of the ball: They took home five awards on Sunday night, including album, record and song of the year.
A mega cement warehouse located at the Industrial Layout, Onitsha Road, Owerri, capital of Imo State, to serve corporate outfits and people of the Southeast and other zones in the country, was on Monday, opened for commercial use.
Present at the event were the President, Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote, the Imo State Governor, Rochas Okorocha, among others captains of industry.Declaring the ultra modern warehouse open, Okorocha noted that Dangote had embrazed the business world in many products, praising the richest man in Africa for their outstanding initiatives in empowering Nigerians and other nationals in the area of employment, through the establishment of many industries and foundations.
Okorocha also urged them to partner with the government in establishing a gas plant in the state, and expressed joy that at last, Dangote's presence was sited and felt in Imo.
Describing the business mogul as a “bridge-builder”, the Imo State Governor, said Dangote is humble, and a believer in one Nigeria without preference to any particular religion.
Okorocha said: “The man Dangote is humble about their wealth. They do not show undue strength with their wealth.“Dangote Cement has sold more cement in Imo State than it has done in any other part of the Country because of the infrastructural revolution going on in the state. Imo State today is a new state. The wealth of Nigeria is in Imo untapped because of the presence of high quality gas in the State. And the gas-plant in the state is yet to function. I appeal that Alhaji Dangote would partner with the state in this regard.”
Speaking earlier, Dangote, who had paid a courtesy visit with their entourage to the Government House, Owerri, disclosed that Imo State was one of the major markets of Dangote Cement and other products of the Dangote Group.
They stressed that they were in the state essentially to open the warehouse for business, and commended Okorocha for facilitating infrastructural development in the state and Nigeria at large, including creating enabling environment for businesses to thrive.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- In the late Friday gloaming, bats circled overhead like vultures. The scene beneath them wasn't much different. Jordan Spieth had just finished a second-round 73, leaving them 11 strokes behind the PGA Championship leaders.
Standing in the shadowy glow of the ornate Quail Hollow clubhouse, the 24-year-old, who had entered the week vying to become the youngest player to complete the career Grand Slam, looked equal parts shell-shocked and frustrated, with maybe a pinch of relief mixed in. Cameras shuttered all around him. Reporters craned their necks to hear their words. They analyzed their round, assessed their performance. Then, finally, they acquiesced.
"I kind of accept the fact," they said without hesitation, "that I'm essentially out of this tournament."
The words were tough for Spieth to swallow. Following last month's dramatic win at Royal Birkdale, they had the opportunity to not only become the sixth player to claim a career slam, but also the youngest. Here was a player who hates losing, who despises being one-upped, with a chance to rewrite the record books.
Spoiler alert: Spieth was right. They finished in a share of 28th place, with their chance at golf's holy grail put on hold until next August in St. Louis.
They knew it wouldn't be easy, but prior to the opening round here, Spieth was asked about any internal pressures they were feeling to set this mark.
Editor's Picks PGA Championship tournament schedule, scores and coverage Get news coverage, analysis and scores on ESPN for the 99th PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club.
Thomas the latest 'young gun' to capture major glory In what is becoming more commonplace at major championships these days, Justin Thomas became the latest 20-something to etch their name into golf history by edging out the younger set at the 99th PGA Championship.
PGA Championship grades: Final marks for 2017's final major Justin Thomas aced this year's PGA Championship with their first major title, but how did the world's top 10 fare at Quail Hollow? 2 Related
"It's not a burning desire to have to be the youngest to-do something," they explained. "That would be the only reason there would be -- added expectations. The more years you go on playing PGAs, and if I don't win one in the next 10 years, then maybe there's added pressure."
Did they really mean that? Or was it just part of the mental foreplay that golfers create? Like any great magician, they won't reveal their trick. Why would he? It brought them back to life after drowning their hopes at last year's Masters; it facilitated their escape from the handcuffs of another untimely disaster at last month's Open Championship.
This kind of mindset offers them a competitive advantage over their fellow competitors -- or at least the illusion of an advantage, which is just as important.
Oh, the others have guessed at it. They've stared daggers through the fair-haired, genial Texan, wondering what they have that they don't. Rory McIlroy thinks it has to do with "resilience." Phil Mickelson explains it away as "intangibles." Ernie Els won't even try. "You can't really describe it," they sighed.
Here's what we do know: Spieth's secret has nothing to do with foisting laser-beam iron shots directly at tucked pins or holing more 30-foot putts per round than your average scramble outing. It's about gaining a mental edge. It's about their ability to win golf tournaments with their mind as much as theirs clubs.
Case in point: This week after they were out of contention, they specifically cited their final-round 69 at this year's U.S. Open as a springboard to a significant summer.
"I was out of it, but I gathered a little something off that Sunday round that led to two wins in two tournaments after that, including a major," they said. "Just one round like that can do that."
From one champion to another
Jordan Spieth did not get off to a strong start this past week at the PGA Championship. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Competitors can only receive advice during a round from their caddies, but there was someone who wished they could have whispered a few inspirational messages into Spieth's ear.
Michael Phelps, the 23-time Olympic gold medalist, had a front-row seat as they walked inside the ropes with Spieth's group during Thursday's first round. They watched their friend fight an indifferent swing and balky putting stroke on their way to a 1-over 72.
"I wanted to walk up and say, 'Just trust it. You've done the work, you've done the preparation, just go and do what you know how to do,'" Phelps said after the round. "You've got to find a way to channel that, to change that into a positive. I always learned from the mistakes I made in the pool. It always motivated me, like, 'I know how to do it, I need to get back on track.' It's almost figuring out a certain way how their mind works and translating it to on the course."
In recent months, Spieth has struck up a full-time friendship and part-time mentorship with Phelps. The two of them have played golf together a few times and Spieth has eaten dinner at Phelps' home. They hardly talk shop all the time, but when they do, the swimmer sees a kinship with the golfer.
"I picked their brain about [last year's] Masters," said Phelps, referring to Spieth's two shots into Rae's Creek at the 12th hole, which led to a quadruple-bogey and extinguished their lead that cost them a second consecutive green jacket. "I was like, 'Why did you hit that shot?' They said, 'It was my shot.' The way they explained it, I was like, 'Oh my gosh, he's got a great head on their shoulders. This kid doesn't seem like he's 24.' It's fun for me to see that."
Michael Phelps, left, and Jordan Spieth recently developed a friendship and have picked each other's brains on their competitive experiences. Chris Condon/PGA TOUR
On Thursday, Spieth was 3-over with three holes to play. They chalked up two closing birdies to "easier holes," but there was certainly some of that Phelps attitude involved, too. After all, any hole is easier when you drive it into the fairway and hit a tight approach.
"You've just got to figure out what makes them tick and what makes them work and what makes them go to that extra level," Phelps said. "I'm here to help. I love watching these guys and coming out here and seeing what they do so well. If some little thing that I've gone through can help them in any way, then obviously I'd love to help."
When asked later about the guidance Phelps has offered, Spieth deferred. "[We've] talked through a lot of things that I will probably just keep to myself."
There's that secret again.
Its complexity is comparable to that of another Texas golfer. In 1955, Ben Hogan authored an article for Life magazine titled, "My Secret." The intricacy was twofold: it was a combination of swing keys that Hogan had employed throughout their career, and it was literally their secret -- not the secret for every golfer.
"It's not a burning desire to have to be the youngest to-do something. That would be the only reason there would be -- added expectations. The more years you go on playing PGAs, and if I don't win one in the next 10 years, then maybe there's added pressure." Jordan Spieth on how they didn't feel added pressure to complete the career slam at the 2017 PGA Championship
There's no "Rosebud" to decipher for Spieth. There's no instantaneous switch that motivates them to play better golf. It's more about the overall mindset and method that they believe works best for him.
"It might be, they wake up at 6:42 and has breakfast at 7:00 and takes a s--- at 7:45 and hits 50 wedge shots instead of 49 wedge shots," said Cody Gribble, a former Texas teammate who was in last week's PGA field. "He just believes in their routine. They believe in their deal and they stick to it. They just believes their way is the absolute best way."
The secret is as real as Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny -- if you believe in it, then it exists. Not everyone does.
"I don't think there is such a thing," said Jordan's father, Shawn Spieth. "None of us really know. It's just something inside. He's not going to tell you what they do know."
Sure enough, when asked what they have learned from their three major victories, Spieth flinched. "That's kind of, you know, what we like to keep to ourselves."
The lessons learned
One of the biggest challenges of Jordan Spieth's career so far: overcoming that dreaded 12th hole at the 2016 Masters. David Cannon/Getty Images
Shawn Spieth had the near-perfect story to explain the nature of their son's competitive fire.
It was 2009, when Jordan was 16 and playing in the Texas Amateur Championship. Shawn was caddying for them that week.
"He got off to a shaky start," Shawn recalled. "Didn't get up and down from a bunker, and they were taking it with them to the next hole. We're as far out as we can get on the course and he's bitching about it. So I put their bag down. 'Are we moving on or do you have the bag?' They said, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.' And that flipped him. They played great the rest of the day."
Another former Texas teammate, Dylan Fritelli, said Spieth's competitive nature even carried over to ... ping-pong matches. "I would beat them five games in a row," said Fritelli, who was also in the Quail Hollow field. "He would not leave and they wouldn't let me leave. I'd say, 'Dude, I've got to practice.' Nope. He'd make me stay on the table and play again. Eventually, I would play, but maybe let them win if I had to practice. But that's who they are. They have to win. They have to get to the top. That might change later on in life, but for now, they have that burning desire. That's what fuels him."
Spieth still gets mad. They still talk to their ball like the thing has ears, still complains when the bounces aren't going their way on the course. Walking off the fifth green after a bogey on Thursday, they said to caddie Michael Greller, "That makes no sense at all. It's these new greens. They do two different things." But just as they learned that day from their father, there's a way to channel those frustrations.
"I wanted to walk up and say, 'Just trust it. You've done the work, you've done the preparation, just go and do what you know how to do.' You've got to find a way to channel that, to change that into a positive." Michael Phelps on watching Jordan Spieth struggle in the golfer's first round at Quail Hollow
Though they don't like to offer up too much detail about what he's learned in their three major victories and three other runner-up finishes, Spieth did say much of this is connected to their ability to adapt to any unforeseen situation.
"Each win was very different from each other, each one of the major wins," they said. "Each loss was different, and that's probably the way it will continue to be. You very rarely have parallel wins. Tiger had very parallel wins in the way that they got it done, but that was almost like a robot, and I don't really expect that to happen to myself based on what I've seen the first few times."
Hearing these words, it makes sense how they were able to put the Masters loss behind him; it makes sense how they could go from playing poorly, dropping their ball on the driving range at The Open last month and close a dramatic triumph only five holes later.
"It's just about being able to adapt to situations quickly and use that to my advantage," they added. "They take different shapes, and so each one I can certainly take something out of."
The bigger picture
Jordan Spieth, Rickie Fowler (not pictured) and other U.S. players waited to congratulate Justin Thomas on their PGA Championship victory. EPA/Erik S. Lesser
Only five players have completed golf's holy grail, the career Grand Slam. Gene Sarazen was the first, long before the term existed. They had skipped the inaugural edition of what was first called the Masters Invitational to perform with a trick-shot artist in South America, then won it the next year. Ben Hogan was next in 1953, famously prevailing in their only Open Championship appearance, before deadpanning: "I've got a lawnmower back in Texas; I'll send it over."
By the time Gary Player clinched the slam with a U.S. Open win in 1964 and Jack Nicklaus at The Open two years later, the feat was more noteworthy. Tiger Woods made it a fivesome in 2000, winning the final two legs within a month of each other, the only man in the past half-century to join the game's most exclusive club.
The common thread between them? None needed more than three chances once they had gotten three of them. Arnold Palmer played 34 PGA Championships after having the other three; Tom Watson played in 24 PGA; Sam Snead played in 23 U.S. Opens. They never won the last piece of the puzzle.
Which brings us back to Spieth.
The lasting image of Spieth at this major doesn't even show a club in their hands. Hours after their round at the PGA was over, they hugged their buddy Justin Thomas, the newest major champion, and gave them a slap on the butt for good measure. Spieth was all smiles, not only for the celebration, but also for knowing how quickly things can turn in this game.
What will they take out of this one, a mediocre result in which they neither played great nor poorly? After they finished playing, Spieth answered that question by invoking thoughts about execution, both in their swing and putting technique.
Then, they told a story.
Just minutes earlier, as they were walking off the final green, Greller sidled up to him.
"Hey, I just want you to know, that's a great year in the majors," Greller told him.
"Buddy, we won one of the majors," Spieth answered. "If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest ever to play the game."
PanARMENIAN.Net - A massive rally is taking place outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon on Monday, December 11, with protesters rioting and shouting pro-Palestinian slogans in the wake of Washington's decision on Jerusalem, Al-Masdar News reports.
Tear gas and water cannon have been deployed to control the crowd.
The United States recently recognized Jerusalem as Israel's сapital.
The protesters, some waving Palestinian flags, threw projectiles at security forces and set fires in the street next to the US Embassy, located in the Awkar region north of the Lebanese capital.
Rioters ended up bringing down the gates of the metal fence surrounding the compound, despite water cannon constantly pushing them back.
Tear gas has been repeatedly fired to disperse the crowd, while protesters threw what appeared to be smoke grenades across the fence.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AYIMA GROUP AB (PUBL):
* AYIMA SIGNS NEW CLIENT CONTRACT IN CANADA‍
* AYIMA‘S CANADIAN OFFICE HAS TODAY SIGNED A NEW CLIENT CONTRACT FOR PROVISION OF SEO SERVICES
* AYIMA GROUP AB (PUBL) - TOTAL VALUE OF CONTRACT IS AT LEAST 1.2 MSEK IN FIRST YEAR​
* ‍NEW ENGAGEMENT WILL COMMENCE DURING FEBRUARY 2017 AND BEGIN TO BE REFLECTED IN Q1 RESULTS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BERLIN (Reuters) – Bayern Munich and Arsenal meet in their big-name Champions League round of 16 first leg on Wednesday, both hoping European success will help lift mid-season gloom on their domestic fronts.
Bayern is on track for a record-extending fifth consecutive title with a seven-point lead thanks to their 2-0 win over Ingolstadt on Saturday.
But that result does not tell the whole story, with the German champions looking lacklustre for most of the match before snatching two goals in the final minutes.
The Bavarians have been more a model of efficiency under coach Carlo Ancelotti than the high-scoring, high-speed train of past seasons under predecessor Pep Guardiola.
With fans grumbling about the lack of spark, Ancelotti said Saturday's win gave them the boost needed to take on Arsenal.
“This result gives us a lot of confidence for Wednesday,” Ancelotti said. “We showed great character and that is very important.”
Ancelotti could be without winger Franck Ribery, with the Frenchman working towards a comeback from a thigh muscle injury sustained two weeks ago.
“It will be difficult but we will have to see. We will, however, take no risk with this,” said the coach.
Bayern have posted a record 15 straight home wins in the competition, including three this season. Arsene Wenger's Arsenal have lost in the last 16 for six years in a row, including to Bayern in 2013 and 2014.
The London side ended a two-game losing run with a 2-0 league win over Hull on Saturday but that did little to lift the mood of their fans with Wenger non-committal about their future.
Asked about their future, the coach said: “I focus on what is important, winning football games and getting the team to perform. The rest, I cannot influence.”
Chilean Alexis Sanchez scored both goals against Hull but their own future is equally unclear and Wenger knows that a good result in Munich will go a long way in pushing these issues into the background.
“We have had bad experiences against them (Bavaria),” said Wenger of their past eliminations, including one back in 2005. “But I feel that this is a good opportunity.”
“We have won there before and we play the first game away from home, so it is important we protect the second game because I feel that to have a chance to qualify in the second leg, that will be very important.”
Scarlett Johansson is under fire for their next project with “Ghost in the Shell” director Rupert Sanders.
The actor is set to star in the crime biopic “Rub & Tug,” based on the real life story of Dante “Tex” Gill. Gill was a trans crime boss of the 1970s who ran several illegal massage parlors. In real life, Gill lived their life as a trans man, which led a lot of folks to inquire why a trans actor wasn't considered for this role.
When the website Bustle reached out to Johansson's representative for a statement about the vocal concerns, it was sent this response from the actor: “Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment.”
Trace Lysette, best known for their work on “Transparent,” took to Twitter to voice their anger. “I wouldn't be as upset if I was getting in the same rooms as Jennifer Lawrence and Scarlett for cis roles,” they wrote. “But we know that's not the case. A mess.”
Oh word?? So you can continue to play us but we can't play y'all? Hollywood is so fucked… I wouldn't be as upset if I was getting in the same rooms as Jennifer Lawrence and Scarlett for cis roles, but we know that's not the case. A mess. https://t.co/s8gBlBI1Sw — Trace Lysette (@tracelysette) July 4, 2018
And not only do you play us and steal our narrative and our opportunity but you pat yourselves on the back with trophies and accolades for mimicking what we have lived… so twisted. I'm so done… — Trace Lysette (@tracelysette) July 4, 2018
I ❤️ Jlaw btw… no shade — Trace Lysette (@tracelysette) July 4, 2018
Actress Jamie Clayton from “Sense8” and “The Neon Demon” also wrote about their disappointment, stating, “Actors who are trans never even get to audition FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN ROLES OF TRANS CHARACTERS.” They then challenged casting directors to hire more trans actors in non trans roles with a dare.
Actors who are trans never even get to audition FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN ROLES OF TRANS CHARACTERS. THATS THE REAL ISSUE. WE CANT EVEN GET IN THE ROOM. Cast actors WHO ARE TRANS as NON TRANS CHARACTERS. I DARE YOU #RupertSanders @NewRegency #ScarlettJohansson https://t.co/RkrW8MeGcG — Jamie Clayton (@MsJamieClayton) July 4, 2018
There's also confusion swirling around the concept of “Rub & Tug,” which when announced, did not make it clear that “Tex” identified as a man. The problem has only compounded.
There are so many stories going round describing Dante Gill as "the woman who preferred to be known as man" – know them as a man then! pic.twitter.com/zLGBISxZgL — moth dad (@innesmck) July 3, 2018
There are many good arguments going round for casting trans actors in trans roles, but reading about the movie, I dont think that's the problem we have here. This isn't just a cis person being cast as a trans character. This is a trans figure, being written as a cis character. — moth dad (@innesmck) July 3, 2018
Variety has reached out to Johansson's reps for comment.
Quinn Slack thinks we're close to the future that Back to the Future II promised back in the 80s — flying cars, artificial intelligence, sending rockets into space, and the rest of the whole suite — but there's a way to get there even faster.
That's why they and their co-founder Beyang Liu started Sourcegraph, a development environment for programmers that's designed to make it easier to see who is using what lines of code and where while in the development process. The notion Slack employs is that if the coding process speeds up, so does the pace of innovation — and it is certainly something that's slowed down quite a bit at all the non-Facebooks, Googles and Apples of the world.
To do this, Sourcegraph says it has raised a $20 million series A financing round led by Redpoint Ventures along with Goldcrest Capital. Scott Raney of Redpoint Ventures, who has worked with Twilio (which I'd argue has some of the best documentation for introducing someone to programming), and Dan Friedland of Goldcrest Capital are joining the board of directors.
“How most companies build software is broken, programmers write code in single player mode,” Slack said. “They fix the same bugs fixed by other developers. Salespeople have tools that help you and the salesperson that lets you collaborate. But if you're a developer you come in and spend most of your day on an editor, most people don't know what's going on. You don't see what others are writing. All the software developers you do, you go heads down a week or two and then come up for air. At Google and Facebook, it's way more collaborative. It's fundamentally a different way of writing.”
All this boils down to some simple tools you might expect in a lot of other professions. It means being able to easily search for code semantically, and see who's using it and where it's deployed — and, more importantly, whether or not someone is fixing something somewhere. By just getting everyone on the same page, Slack thinks that it'll smooth out the whole process so people can focus on building, and shipping, the new bits of the products that they need. The whole thing can happen in a developer's favorite editor like Sublime Text, or it can happen in the startup's internal development environment.
“The way software has been built really hasn't changed,” Raney said. “Increasingly developer productivity is a bottleneck. Really what attracted us, the code intelligence parts, was that the implications are profound. If you were just to build another IDE, that's gonna be a really difficult way to build a business. That's, ‘I like this command, or it's a little faster'. Code intelingence is a really meaty problem that's hard to replicate.”
Slack's experience comes from their job of parachuting into major organizations that aren't in that FAANG bracket of the world — like banks — and seeing how no one knew what anyone else was working on. The challenge, then, was to figure out how to make the larger projects more collaborative so these companies could move at the same pace that a Facebook or Google would be able to do. That would not only keep them competitive but also help them reach new breakthroughs more quickly.
“We have users and customers doing really interesting things like self-driving cars, blasting rockets off, and we want to make those happen more quickly,” Slack said. “These things we've wanted to exist, we can make them go faster because the people writing the code can do it better. Within a company, you get to avoid reinventing the wheel. We prototyped a tool that did that, that's how most developers got to know us.”
There are certainly other products looking to attack a similar problem of getting developers on the same page. There's — at least potentially — GitHub and other repository tools that help developers collaborate on the code they check in and out. Slack said that while GitHub is a great developer tool, developers still spend most of their time hiding away in a different text editor cranking away. Sourcegraph's goal is to immerse developers into a more real-time experience which keeps them up to date and working on the most important things they need to develop.
KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Flash floods and landslides triggered by heavy rains have left more than 30 people dead in Nepal in the past 24 hours, authorities said on Saturday.
Ten more people were missing and the number of dead looked set to climb as large parts of the country were underwater, officials said.
Rescue teams of soldiers, police and local people have been deployed to help those trapped on rooftops or on higher ground, officials added, as TV pictures showed damaged roads and bridges.
Weather experts said more rain was expected overnight and the government has told residents to remain alert. The Koshi river in the south of the country - a main waterway - was above the danger level, authorities warned.
Monsoon rains from June to September are important for farm-dependent Nepal, but they also cause havoc each year.
"It has left extensive damage," Dipak Kafle, a spokesperson for Nepal's Home Ministry, told Reuters. They said there was no estimate yet for property losses.
"We have more than 30 people confirmed dead. But we are more focused on rescuing those who are alive than collecting details about the dead," they said, indicating the death toll could go up.
In the eastern city of Biratnagar an airport runway was under two feet of water, TV footage showed, leading to a suspension of flights. Highways were either damaged or inundated, disrupting transport, police said.
Local officials have opened temporary shelters for displaced people in schools or public buildings.
PANAJI: The uncertainty over the decision of the central government to grant further relaxation in the deadline to install speed governors to commercial vehicles, the lack of related infrastructure with the state transport department, and the election code of conduct in force, which has slowed down the working of government departments may all collectively delay the implementation of the department's notification issued on August 16, 2016 under sub-rule (2) of the rule 118 of the Central Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 specifying the type of vehicles to be fitted with a speed governor, with a maximum speed of 80 kms per hour.
As per this notification, the transport department has mandated installation of speed governors on all commercial vehicles with state permit, national goods permit and all-India tourist permit including buses, trucks and those tourist taxis having nine passenger seats including driver. The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways had earlier issued a notification amending the Central Motor Vehicles (sixth amendment) Rules, 2015 substituting Rule 118 to Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989. The state governments were also asked to issue related notification.
The assistant director of transport Prakash Azavedo, who is presently holding the additional charge of the department director Sunil Masurkar, who is currently posted on election duty, stated that the central government had given relaxation up till January 31, 2017, for installation of the speed governors to the commercial vehicles. “Now that the deadline for relaxation is over, and the central government has not extended the same, our registration authorities have started the implementation of the speed governor notification,” they maintained.
Speaking further, Azavedo said that there are some infrastructural difficulties before the implementation of the particular notification. “In fact, the owners of the commercial vehicles, including passenger and goods vehicles, are expected to purchase the speed governor manufactured by the company of their choice and install the same,” they added, pointing out that the speed governors however need to be approved by ARAI (Automotive Research Association of India) as per the prescribed specifications.
Presently five to six companies produce the necessary speed governors in the country. The cost of installing a speed governor roughly comes to Rs 15,000. The transport department has not appointed any speed governors fitters or any retailer who will provide the device and offer fitment services, as it does not have the related infrastructure.
The assistant director of transport also stated that in phase two, the luxury cars would be asked to install speed governors. “As is the case, such cars already have many gadgets installed in them, and installing speed governor would not be very difficult task for their owners,” they noted.
Meanwhile, the president of the Goa Tempo Owners Association Prakash Naik said that the association has presented a memorandum to the government as regards omitting all commercial vehicles, which are less than 12-year-old, from installing the speed governors. “We have no problem if the government makes it compulsory for over-12-years-old vehicles to fit these gadgets,” they added, pointing out that presently a number of owners of the commercial goods vehicles, whose vehicles are queued up for renovation of their registration are facing inconveniences, due to the compulsion for fitting speed governors.
A delegation of the Goa Tempo Owners Association led by the former Fatorda MLA Damu Naik had met the Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Monday requesting them that the government should exempt the commercial vehicles that are less than 12-years-old. Naik further said that the Chief Minister told the delegation to exercise some patience as they are unable to take any decision due to the election code of conduct. “The Chief Minister indicated that the next government would be able to decide on the issue,” they informed.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vodafone said on Friday it was in talks with John Malone's Liberty Global about buying some of the cable company's assets in Europe.
“Vodafone confirms that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of certain overlapping continental European assets owned by Liberty Global,” the company said in response to a report in the Financial Times.
Shares in Vodafone rose 5.5 percent.
The world's second biggest mobile operator and the cable company, which have overlapping operations in countries including Britain and Germany, discussed swapping assets in 2015, but they could not reach agreement on values.
The two, however, did agree to form joint venture in the Netherlands.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
(Adds U.S. market open, byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
* Robust US labor market report boosts dollar, govt debt
* Stocks in Europe, Wall St drop after jobs report
* Oil eases on strong dollar
By Herbert Lash
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar and bond yields jumped on Friday while stock markets fell as U.S. data showed the strongest annual wage growth since 2009, raising the specter of accelerating inflation and more U.S. interest rate hikes than expected this year.
Yields on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high within five minutes of release of the Labor Department's unemployment report for January.
The dollar surged against the Japanese yen, euro and a basket of six currencies.
The price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note later fell further, pushing the yield up to 2.8525 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday.
Stocks in Europe and on Wall Street plunged at least 1 percent on the news, as the strong jobs and wage growth data boosted the chances of four Fed rate hikes this year, instead of the three hikes analysts had expected thus far.
“What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes,” Michael Antonelli, managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
MSCI's all-country world index of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.07 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks lost 1.54 percent.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares lost 0.98 percent and the STOXX 600 index tumbled 1.07 percent.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 291.39 points, or 1.11 percent, to 25,895.32. The S&P 500 lost 27.83 points, or 0.99 percent, to 2,794.15 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 81.01 points, or 1.1 percent, to 7,304.85.
The dollar index, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.72 percent, with the euro down 0.64 percent to $1.2428. The Japanese yen weakened 0.87 percent versus the greenback at 110.37 per dollar.
The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday as domestic wages recorded their strongest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years, suggesting inflation may be accelerating.
The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) and the 10-year Treasury notes reached its highest level since September 2014.
U.S. crude fell $1.02 to $64.78 per barrel and Brent fell $1.34 to $68.31.
Spot gold dropped 1.4 percent to $1,329.62 an ounce.
Scott Baio (Photo: Riccardo Savi)
Today TMZ reached out to Scott Baio for their comments concerning Nicole Eggert's new comments, concerning their allegations of them sexually assaulting them when they worked together on Charles In Charge.
Nicole recently said, “I'd like to see them come clean for the sake of their daughter. Be a good parent.”
Baio had NO clue they had said such on camera… and was visible hurt.
Click HERE to see TMZ's chat today with Scott.
HOUSTON -- Safety Tyrann Mathieu, who signed a one-year deal with the Texans last week, has a chip on their shoulder after being released by the Arizona Cardinals.
"I just want to prove my point that I'm one of the best safeties in this league," Mathieu said Monday. "Obviously I had some setbacks, I had some challenges and I tried to take those challenges head-on.
"I'm really just trying to come here with a clean slate. It's a fresh start for me. And I'm just trying to prove my point again."
Mathieu has ended three of their first five NFL seasons on injured reserve, including tearing their left ACL and LCL in 2013 and their right ACL in 2015. Last year, they played in all 16 games for the first time since entering the NFL in 2013; they finished with two interceptions, 78 combined tackles and seven passes defended in 2017.
Not only did Mathieu play a full season, but their 1,263 total snaps -- 1,056 on defense and 207 on special teams -- were the most in the NFL and the most they have played in a season by more than 250.
Tyrann Mathieu said of joining the Texans, "It's a fresh start for me. And I'm just trying to prove my point again." Aaron M. Sprecher via AP
Mathieu, 25, was released last Wednesday, just before $5.75 million of their 2018 salary and $8 million of their 2019 salary were to be guaranteed. They signed with the Texans on a one-year, $7 million contract with $6.5 million guaranteed.
"At this point in my career, getting released on the beginning of the new league year, I felt like I had to make a decision fast," Mathieu said of why they signed a one-year contract. "But I wanted to make a safe decision, I wanted to make one I was comfortable with."
That decision was joining Houston, where Mathieu is hoping to prove that despite the injuries they had to overcome and the fact that they were released by the Cardinals, he's the All-Pro safety they were in 2015.
"I just want to come to a group of guys who are hungry," Mathieu said. "Obviously I'm very hungry at this point in my career. I want to come to a team that has great potential, a team that was dominant on defense. I think I made the right choice."
Iowa's top politicians are responding to this weekend's events in Virginia.
Iowa Republican Party chairperson Jeff Kaufmann was the first to issue a statement Saturday via Twitter. Kaufmann said the “racism and bigotry on display in Charlottesville is stupid, shameful and destructive.”
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley was next, saying what “white nationalists” were doing in Charlottesville was “homegrown terrorism.” Iowa Senator Joni Ernst also called it “terrorism” that was “fueled by racist hatred” that “has no place in our society.”
Governor Kim Reynolds said their prayers are with the victims and they condemed “ugly, vile, racist hate.”
By early this morning, all but one member of Iowa's congressional delegation had tweeted on the situation. Congressman Dave Loebsack, a Democrat from Iowa City, said on Saturday that the “vile hatred displayed by white supremacists in Charlotesville is unacceptable and unAmerican.” Congressman David Young, a Republican from Van Meter, tweeted on Sunday from Israel, where he's on a congressional trip. Young condemned the “hatred” on display in Charlottesville and tweeted a few Bible verses. Congressman Rod Blum, a Republican from Dubuque, posted a message on Facebook. Blum quoted Gandi and said there was no place in a “civil society” for “racist supremacy groups.” Republican Congressman Steve King of Kiron has not Tweeted since July 27th and has not issued a statement on Charlottesville.
The Iowa Democratic Party's chairperson released a written statement Sunday, denounncing the “senseless acts by white supremacists and neo-nazis in Charlottesville.”
Here are the tweets, in the order they appeared on Twitter:
@kaufmanngop: The racism & bigotry on display in Charlottesville is stupid, shameful and destructive. These charlatans led by David Duke sicken me. @chuckgrassley: What ” WhiteNatjonalist” are doing in Charlottesville is homegrown terrorism that can't be tolerated anymore that what Any extremist does @joniernst: The violence in #Charlottesville that is fueled by racist hatred has no place in our society. (1/2)
@joniernst: We are one nation, under God, and indivisible. We cannot stand for this terrorism. (2/2) @IAgovernor: We must forcefully condemn ugly, vile, racist hate. My prayers are with the victims of these despicable acts #Charlottesville @daveloebsack: The vile hatred displayed by white supremacists in #Charlottesville is unacceptable & un-American. I mourn the loss of those who were killed @RepDavidYoung: It is just after 2:00 am here in Israel where I am wrapping up my travels and meetings and will begin my journey home to Iowa tomorrow
@RepDavidYoung: From a land that has seen the pain and deep divisions hatred has caused throughout history
@RepDavidYoung: I wanted to acknowledge and condemn the hate and pain we have seen this weekend at home.
@RepDavidYoung: Political discourse is something we can pride ourselves on in America – but hate is disgusting and must be condemned to the core
@RepDavidYoung: “Anyone who claims to be in the light but hates a brother or sister is still in the darkness.”
@RepDavidYoung: “Anyone who loves their brother and sister lives in the light, and there is nothing in them to make them stumble.”
@RepDavidYoung: “But anyone who hates a brother or sister is in the darkness and walks around in the darkness.”
@RepDavidYoung: “They do not know where they are going, because the darkness has blinded them.” – 1 John 2:9-11 @RepRodBlum: My thoughts on Charlottesville: (from Facebook) This weekend's events in Charlottesville have saddened Karen, Sophie and me to our core. Violence is never the answer, and this terrorist act must be dealt with justly and swiftly. There is no place for a cowardly act like this or racist supremacy groups in civil society. Just two months ago my colleagues were playing baseball when a would-be assassin opened fire and nearly killed my good friend Congressman Steve Scalise over political differences, and now a young peaceful protestor has lost their lives. This must end, we must come together as Americans first, and forget the labels we assign ourselves over politics. My prayers go out to Heather Heyer's family, Lt. H. Jay Cullen's family and Berke M.M. Bates's family – and everyone affected by this senseless tragedy. Thank God for our Law Enforcement who are there to protect and serve all of us.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. – Gandhi
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Jammu and Kashmir Salvation Movement Chairman, Zafar Akbar Butt has urged meaningful dialogue among all stakeholders for peaceful and democratic settlement of Kashmir dispute.
Zafar Akbar Butt addressing a news conference in Srinagar, today, after a twenty-day tour of Pakistan, said that during their stay in Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) and Pakistan, they observed that all people concerned with Kashmir cause, yearn for stability and peace in the region. They said, “We are not against talks between India and Pakistan but if you want to see the result on ground then take resistance leadership on board'', said they and stressed for greater unity among those pursuing right to self-determination.
They said during their interaction with different sections including religious clerics, students, politicians, journalist fraternity and ruling and opposition parties in AJK and Pakistan, their observations were, that everybody has a mission and everyone wants to make an end to hostilities between two nuclear countries. They said the world community is taking interest in resolution of Kashmir dispute but more is needed, adding that during their meeting with politicians in Islamabad and Muzaffarabad, they stressed authorities to set Kashmir desk at all embassies across the world to highlight Kashmir dispute, particularly the human rightist violations in the territory.
They said present prevailing situation and emerging phenomenon demand immediate consideration from both India and Pakistan and urged to think above rhetoric and take considerable and tangible steps for its lasting solution.
They said the prominent personalities they met included AJK President, Masood Ahmad Khan, AJK Prime Minister Raja Farooq Hyder, Speaker Shah Ghulam Qadir, Kashmir Committee Chairman, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Federal Minister for Religious Affairs of Pakistan, Sardar Mohammad Yusuf, prominent leaders of Pakistan Peoples Party, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, journalists, Bar associations, AJK based Hurriyat leaders, human rightists groups, religious clerics, columnists, writers, scholars, students and various other organisations and their leaders and it was evolved that everybody had to play role towards settlement of Kashmir dispute.—KMS
Canadians are beginning to learn about what is happening to the thousands of asylum seekers who walked across the Canada-U.S. border illegally over the past few months.
Their refugee claims are now working their way through a clogged system. Progress is slow. And about half of the claims are being rejected.
Government officials said this week they have finalized about 240 cases of about 8,000, and the rejection rate is about 50 per cent. That's normal for Haitian claims, and most of the claimants over the summer were Haitians crossing into Quebec.
At the same time, the federal government is scrambling to live up to a commitment to bring 1,200 Yazidi women and girls into Canada as refugees from northern Iraq, where they had been too often forced into sex slavery.
Ottawa promised a year ago to bring them in, and this week Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen said 800 had arrived. The Conservatives are questioning their numbers, however, second-guessing whether the 800 are actually Yazidis.
The minister insists that the delay in the Yazidi effort has nothing to do with the resources required to process the asylum seekers at the border. But it's clear that setting up a new home in Canada is not a walk in the park.
TACKLING TUBERCULOSIS
It's almost unheard of as a problem in most of Canada, but tuberculosis is a scourge in the Inuit population. This week, the federal government rolled out a plan to eliminate what can be a deadly infectious lung disease.
Inuit in Nunavut are 270 times more likely to have TB than the rest of the population, a long-standing problem propelled by poverty and overcrowded, substandard housing.
The eradication plan involves setting up a task force with Inuit organizations, combining their prevention and treatment approaches, and incorporating housing into their plans.
In the last federal budget, about $1 million was earmarked for TB prevention in the Inuit population — meant to amplify ongoing efforts to improve diagnosis, prevention and new medical treatments.
But the TB problem is so entrenched that the government is still grappling with its long legacy. For decades, Inuit infected with the disease were flown south to receive treatment. They often never returned, dying or lost without their family supports. Officials are now trying to track down their graves.
By Heather Scoffield, Ottawa Bureau Chief, The Canadian Press
AggregateIQ says it helps customers craft messages for online political ads, use data for campaigns
The co-founders of a B.C. company at the centre of the international scandal over the alleged inappropriate use of Facebook data are defending their work in support of political campaigns around the globe.
Speaking to a parliamentary committee, Jeff Silvester of the B.C.-based political advertising firm AggregateIQ says the company helps its customers craft their messages for online political ads and how to effectively make use of data for their campaigns.
But Silvester, the firm's chief operating officer, insists AggregateIQ does not harvest data and only uses what it is provided — nor does it undertake any kind of voter profiling, including psychographic profiling.
They say the company's work differs little from what political campaigns in Canada do to promote a candidate or a party, such as putting up lawn signs, sending volunteers to knock on doors and making phone calls.
The Victoria firm has been suspended by Facebook and is under investigation by privacy commissioners in Ottawa, B.C. and the United Kingdom for its role in a controversy that allegedly involved a breach of millions of users' private information to help the “Leave” side win the U.K.'s 2016 Brexit referendum.
READ MORE: B.C., federal privacy watchdogs to probe possible privacy breaches at Aggregate IQ, Facebook
READ MORE: Victoria firm tied to Facebook scandal got $100K from feds in 2017
AggregateIQ has also been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm accused of improperly accessing the private Facebook data to help the Leave campaign in Brexit as well as Donald Trump's winning 2016 U.S. presidential bid.
In their testimony Tuesday, Silvester said AggregateIQ has always complied with laws in Canada and abroad. They also disputed allegations raised by Canadian data expert and whistle-blower Christopher Wylie, saying AggregateIQ has never been part of Cambridge Analytica nor its parent company, SCL.
“We are not data harvesters by any stretch of the imagination and, certainly, we don't do psychographic profiling or profiling of any other type,” they told the committee on access to information, privacy and ethics, which is holding hearings this month on the data breach involving Facebook and Cambridge Analytica.
“We're not psychologists, we're tech guys.”
Efforts by volunteers and political candidates themselves to persuade voters are no different from the work of AggregateIQ, they added.
“The ads that we show — it's the digital equivalent of an ad on someone's lawn or on a street corner,” they said.
“You choose where you want it go, you put your message on there and people drive by and see it. And it's the same for the internet and same with going door to door and the same with making phone calls.”
Facebook estimates the personal information of 622,161 users in Canada — and nearly 87 million worldwide — was improperly accessed by Cambridge Analytica.
The Canadian Press
A new ad by Jeanne Ives could generate a lot of controversy for the conservative Republican state representative who is challenging Governor Bruce Rauner in the primary.Ives has made the hallmark of their campaign their claim that Bruce Rauner has abandoned the conservative wing of the Republican Party, and their new ad is already coming under fire before it has even officially hit the TV airwaves.The ad, entitled "Thank You" and is clearly meant to appeal to social conservatives."Thank you for signing legislation that lets me use the girl's bathroom," the ad says.The ad takes Governor Bruce Rauner to task for signing House Bill 40 which provides taxpayer funded abortions to poor women and state employees. It was a bill Rauner told party conservatives last Spring they would veto.Another portion of the ad says, "Thank you for making all Illinois families pay for my abortions."Ives ad also attacks Rauner over the so-called Sanctuary State law they signed and over the bi-partisan school funding bill they approved that contained what critics called the "Chicago bailout."Another part of the ad says, "Thank you Bruce Rauner for making the rest of Illinois bail out Chicago teacher pension. And for giving Rahm everything they wanted and more."ABC7 political analyst Laura Washington said Ives is playing to discontent among many Illinois Republicans."This one is very edgy.  They are really going for the jugular on this one, and she's going for the heart of Rauner's conservative base," Washington said. "It's going to anger voters who are upset with Bruce Rauner."Republican Cook County Commissioner Sean Morrison tweeted: "This is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable, racially bigoted and demeaning offensive attack ad. Another reason Jeanne Ives is unelectable in an Illinois general election. Ask what those elected officials who endorse their think???"Governor Bruce Rauner's campaign did not directly address the ad, but said: "Representative Ives has already admitted that she's not willing to take on Mike Madigan and will keep their 32% tax hike - not surprising given their history of opposing property tax reductions. Looks like JB Pritzker has some competition as Mike Madigan's favorite candidate."Ives makes no apologies about the ad saying, "the ad represents Governor Rauner's chosen constituents based on the policy choices they made, as well as a fair and accurate representation of the implications of those policy choices."In an email to their supporters Friday night, candidate Chris Kennedy responded to the ad: "You might've heard a few weeks ago that I stood up and left a forum because the candidate next to me offered an ignorant, simple solution to a complex issue that plagues our state.Today, that same candidate released an ad that is appalling and disrespectful to everyone who makes Illinois what it is today. It's a slap in the face to everyone who's brought progress and inclusivity to Illinois. Take a look for yourself. We already have enough hate and bigotry in the White House. We don't need a governor who stands silent against Donald Trump, and we certainly don't need a governor who echoes Donald Trump."Tracy Baim, publisher of the Windy City Times, called the ad, "appalling and transphobic and out of step with the laws of the state of Illinois."The Chicago Teachers Union responded, ''We will not dignify that ad or that individual with a response."The ads begin airing state-wide Friday night.Interestingly, Governor Rauner and the first lady will attend the Equality Illinois Gala in Normal on Saturday night. It's billed as the Midwest's largest LGBT formal event.
Aldi has recalled one of its food products owing to worries that it may be contaminated with small pieces of hard plastic.
The Rooster's Southern Fried Poppin' Chicken, which comes in 210g packs, may present a safety risk due to the presence of the plastic, which the supermarket giant says affects no other products,
The product in question
The items in question have lot number 1010170, and the Product Code are 45004 and 75744.
Anyone having purchased one of the products should not eat it, instead returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
After Puerto Rico was hit by two hurricanes back to back in just a few weeks, along with other islands in the Caribbean, most of their power grid was completely destroyed. Tesla quickly started quietly shipping Powerwalls there to try to get power back on to some houses with solar arrays.
Now CEO Elon Musk says that Tesla could rebuild Puerto Rico's power grid with batteries and solar on a bigger scale.
Puerto Rico's electricity rates were already quite high at around $0.20 per kWh and reliant on fossil fuels.
After it was pointed out that Puerto Rico's destroyed grid is an opportunity to build a better one, Musk wrote on Twitter:
Read Article
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
CSUSM responds to sexual assault case, asks for dismissal
Filed under News, Showcase
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
CSUSM has filed an answer in a lawsuit by a suspended student, following a sexual assault case.
The student named “Student Doe” in the complaint, filed the case against the university on Oct. 21, alleging the university failed to provide the student a fair investigation and denied them of their 14th amendment rights. Doe also claims they were wrongfully accused of nonconsensual sexual conduct with a CSUSM female student. The attorney representing Doe is San Diego lawyer, Patricia Lewis. Lewis has not returned calls seeking comment on the case.
William Hsu, a general counsel from the Board of Trustees of the CSU, filed the Answer to Petition for Peremptory or Alternative Writ of Administrative Mandamus on Dec. 16. In a phone call with Hsu, they explained the next steps of the case. There will be more hearings in the future, but they said they aren't sure on the specific dates.
The university asks for the petition to be dismissed and, “be awarded the cost of suit including attorneys fees and sanctions.”
The lawsuit alleges the university failed to comply by the Chancellor's Executive Orders 1095, 1097 and 1098 which requires all CSU's to conduct fair investigations. Throughout the entire investigation, CSUSM delayed hearings and procedures. The university gave no response in their writ of administrative mandamus regarding their delayed hearings.
Doe requested evidence and a copy of the complaint filed against them by the female student six times and never received anything. CSUSM denies that Doe was not provided a copy because the document doesn't exist.
In their response, CSUSM said that the “petitioner has acted wrongfully and this action is barred by the doctrine of unclean hands.”
As of Monday Jan. 30, no hearings have been scheduled in the case.
Washington
The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy, but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia. It said Russia must be convinced it would face “unacceptably dire costs” if it were to threaten even a limited nuclear attack in Europe.
The sweeping review of US nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons — a position that stands in contrast to President Donald Trump's statement, in a tweet shortly before they took office, that the US “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” In their State of the Union address Tuesday, they made no mention of expansion, though they said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression.
A 74-page report summarizing the review's findings calls North Korea a “clear and grave threat” to the US and its allies. It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the US or its allies will result in “the end of that regime.”
It also cast China as a potential nuclear adversary, saying the US arsenal is tailored to “prevent Beijing from mistakenly concluding” that it could gain advantage by using its nuclear weapons in Asia, or that “any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is acceptable.”The Pentagon-led review of the US nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago. In a written statement, Trump said US strategy is designed to make use of nuclear weapons less likely. In an apparent reference to the threat of catastrophic cyberattack, they said the US aims to strengthen deterrence of major attacks against the US and its allies, including those that “may not come in the form of nuclear weapons.”
Known officially as a nuclear posture review, and customarily done at the outset of a new administration, the report drew blistering criticism from arms control groups.
“President Trump is embarking on a reckless path — one that will reduce US security both now and in the longer term,” said Lisbeth Gronlund, a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists. They said the administration is blurring the line between nuclear and conventional war-fighting.
The Trump administration concluded that the US should largely follow its predecessor's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.— AP
Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan's toddler son Taimur Ali Khan, who is on their first international holiday in Gstaad, has made headlines once again for their adorable picture which has gone viral and is spreading like wildfire.
Taimur, who is only 7 months old has already become a known personality in the tinsel town and this picture is one for the keeps. The click of Saif holding Taimur in their arms and planting a kiss on their forehead is by far the most adorable picture we've seen of the two till date. Dressed in a white tux, daddy Saif is nailing it with their dapper look while their little price looks adorable in their nautical striped onesie.
Saif who is currently neck deep in work with projects like 'Kaalakaandi', 'Chef' and 'Baazaar' has taken some time off to be with their family before they and wife Kareena get busy with their work projects.
Rawalpindi
Police in their crackdowns against anti-social elements have arrested 44 lawbreakers including 10 Shisha smokers and five gamblers besides recovering 1910 grams charras, 51 bottles of liquor, seven pistols of 30 bore with 14 rounds, 3720 kites with 19 kites flying string rolls, cash Rs 14,500 stake money, TV set and other items from their possession.
According to a police spokesperson, Rattamral police netted Sahib Jan for having 1140 grams charas.
Gujar Khan police rounded up Imran and recovered 50 bottles of liquor. Waris Khan police arrested Ishaq and kite sellers
and seized 3720 kites and 19 kites flying string rolls. Saddar Wah police netted Arslan and Ulfat for using fireworks items.
Naseerabad and Pirwadhai and Saddar Wah police booked seven renting rules violators namely Hamza, Niaz, Abdul Rehman, Tamoor, Saghir, Faheem and Mehar. Other accused were sent behind the bars for having illegal weapons, drugs and liquor.
Rawat police conducted a raid at a Shisha center being run in Bharia Town Phase-VII and netted 10 violators.
Meanwhile, Rattamral police acting on a tip-off conducted a raid in ‘Bhusa Godam' area in its jurisdiction and arrested Waqar, Iman, Wajahat, Shahzad and Jabar who were allegedly involved in betting on a cricket match. Police also recovered Rs14,500 cash stake money, six mobile phones, a television and other items from their possession.—APP
STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Three people were arrested early on Sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Gothenburg, a spokesperson for the Swedish Prosecution Authority said.
There were no reports of injuries and the fire did not reach the synagogue or an adjacent meeting house where Jewish youths had gathered when the attack took place late on Saturday, Swedish media reported.
The spokesperson gave no motive for the attack. It was not clear if it was linked to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Security for synagogues in Stockholm have been raised after the incident in Gothenburg, news agency TT reported.
As the Ontario election got underway in early May, Doug Ford's PCs took an early lead in the polls, leading to considerable focus on Ford's inability to explain how they would pay for their promises. This focus is both appropriate and understandable: Ford has vowed to balance the budget, but hasn't provided a timeline, hasn't told voters how much money he'll spend, and has said he'd achieve this balance by finding $6 billion in vague “efficiencies.”
Ontario PC Party Leader Doug Ford, left, Ontario Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne, centre, and Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath all need to explain how they plan to play for their election platforms, including servicing any budget deficits, write Christine Van Geyn and Aaron Wudrick. ( Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
The media is absolutely right to badger Ford for answers; more detail is the way to help voters know just what they're voting for. But what's remarkable isn't that reporters are doing their jobs by pressing Ford. It's that they aren't doing the same thing to Ford's opponents, Andrea Horwath and Kathleen Wynne. Ah, you say, but both Kathleen Wynne and Andrea Horwath have costed plans. Assuming away the awkward conclusions of both Ontario's auditor general and financial accountability officer about the Wynne government's 2018 budget, and the NDP platform's embarrassing arithmetic error, both have plans that are “costed” in the sense that the numbers on various lines are tallied up to arrive at a final number at the bottom. But “costed” does not mean “financed” and the difference matters. While Doug Ford's sin is failing to explain how he'll ensure spending doesn't exceed revenues, Wynne and Horwath's is that they simply don't even try. It's as if we're all at the grocery checkout and Ford is fumbling around with their wallet, while Wynne and Horwath simply pull out the taxpayer credit card, swipe and walk away.
Article Continued Below
Yet, if it's wrong for a politician to avoid explaining how they'll pay for things in one year, surely it's even worse to be unable to do it over a five or 10 year horizon. Neither Wynne nor Horwath have a plan for a balanced budget within their term should they win government. Wynne's plan doesn't contemplate a balanced budget until 2024, which would require another election, in which case all bets are off. Horwath has verbally committed to “approaching” balance, but their platform shows deficits until 2023. Like Wynne's plan, this would require another election. And this only addresses the issue of deficits, not debt. Thanks to the widespread conflation of “deficits” and “debt” in the public mind, politicians have long been able to get away with claiming balancing a budget in a single year is as being equivalent to paying off accumulated debt. This is analogous to running up a huge balance on your credit card, never paying down any of the principal, and then declaring victory because in one month you managed not to increase the balance. So it should be little surprise that a majority of Ontario voters – including a majority of Liberal and NDP voters – support spending reductions to help balance the budget. If this is what voters want, how do they go about getting it? A few simple things.
First, demand to know how things will be paid for. Doug Ford needs to explain how they will pay for promised tax cuts, new spending, where immediate savings will be found, any tax hikes that will be needed, and what he'll do if they are short on money. The same applies to Wynne and especially to Horwath whose sudden rise in the polls makes them a serious contender for power. Them platform doesn't explain how they will repay the billions in debt that they would rack up. Will it mean tax hikes? Will they cut back on spending in future years?
Article Continued Below
Second, voters should demand balanced budgets. Balance should be the rule, not the exception. Wherever you sit on the political spectrum, we all have an interest in ensuring that whatever we collectively decide to spend, it doesn't exceed what we collectively decide to tax. Indeed, in some ways progressives should be among the most concerned about budget deficits, since it starves future governments of revenue to pay for the public services the support. Christine Van Geyn is the Ontario director, Canadian Taxpayers Federation. Aaron Wudrick is federal director, Canadian Taxpayers Federation.
Read more about:
By BOB MACKEY
The designated pilot examiner (DPE) and student pilot were conducting a private pilot check ride. The DPE reported that, during climb-out, they retarded the throttle to simulate an engine failure. The student attempted to recover the airplane by lowering its nose to maintain controlled flight. However, the airplane descended.
The DPE terminated the simulated engine failure, took control of the airplane, and attempted to recover full engine power, but the engine remained at idle power, and the airplane descended into trees.
A post-accident examination of the airframe and engine revealed no mechanical malfunctions or failures, and the engine was tested to run with no anomalies noted. The reason for the engine's failure to regain full power could not be determined.
Needless to say, “stuff” happens and sometimes there aren't any clear explanations. But just because there wasn't a determination as to why the engine would not regain full power, this doesn't mean things will go back to just as they were before.
After the accident the insurance company for the aircraft owner will pay the insured value of the aircraft.
If there were any injuries to the DPE or the student pilot, those would also need to be addressed by the insurance company for the aircraft owner.
And, if there was any property damage, other than to the aircraft, the same insurance company would also need to deal with this as well.
But, things may not be over.
There is always the possibility the insurance company for the aircraft owner, after they have paid for the airplane, any injuries, and any property damage, may contact the DPE, student pilot, and even the shop that did the last annual inspection on the aircraft. This thread could go even further back to the shop that did the last engine overhaul.
Just how far this goes depends on the amount of the claim paid by the insurance company. The fact is there was never a reason for the engine failure so who's to say who might be responsible?
In this particular situation, there are a couple of things the DPE and the student pilot hopefully did prior to the accident.
The DPE, who may also be a flight instructor, should have flight instructor insurance, either as an employee of the flight school or as an individual independent contractor. This insurance would protect them for flight instruction, flight review, and flight exam (check ride).
The student pilot should have purchased a personal non-owned aircraft insurance policy before taking their first flight lesson.
Both of the insurance policies would apply to any potential legal obligation the DPE or student pilot might be considered to be responsible for as a result of the accident.
These insurance policies would also provide legal defense above and beyond the limit of insurance they purchased, and in a situation such as this where the cause of the engine failure was undetermined, that legal defense could be significant.
Aviation insurance brokers help aircraft owners, pilots, flight instructors, DPEs and others in the aviation community find the right insurance at the best price. A good broker will help analyze their risks and find insurance solutions.
Sometimes it might be okay to not buy insurance, like when an airplane is paid for and there isn't a bank lien, but other times it may be more prudent to buy insurance to be protected when “stuff happens.”
Bob Mackey is senior vice president with Falcon Insurance Agency, the official administrators of EAA Insurance Solutions. A commercial pilot with an instrument rating, they have been involved in the aviation insurance industry for over 35 years. You can email them at bmackey@falconinsurance.com
Coming Soon! Hot & Spicy Cinnamon Oreo! Huge thanks to the guys at Wreckless Eating for the scoop! Check them out at YouTube.com/WrecklessEating 🙌 #thejunkfoodaisle
A post shared by The Junk Food Aisle (@thejunkfoodaisle) on Oct 4, 2017 at 2:37pm PDT
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering their condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
They made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as they welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering their hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of their wife Barbara.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
They then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
”I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said.
”Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
The attack drew extensive international attention, its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets, some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack.  They are charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia's anti-corruption commission said on Saturday the death of a witness in a graft investigation implicating dozens of politicians will not derail its probe.
The Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) has already named the parliamentary Speaker, Setya Novanto, as a suspect in the investigation that targets at least 37 people.
Novanto has denied any wrongdoing in the case which dates back to 2009, and centres on allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million - money generated by marking up the costs of a national electronic ID card program - were divided up in a room in parliament.
The witness, Yohanes Marliem, was reported by U.S. media to have died in West Hollywood on Thursday after a standoff with police involving several hostages.
Indonesia's National Police international relations chief Saiful Maltha told Reuters on Saturday that the U.S. authorities had confirmed Marliem's death.
"We do not know the cause of the death yet," Maltha said, adding that their team was working with the FBI.
Despite the death of the witness, KPK spokesperson Febry Diansyah said the investigation would go on.
"We are confident with the evidence we have," Diansyah told Reuters on Saturday.
Indonesian domestic newspaper Kontan on Saturday published recent quotes from Marliam saying they had feared for their safety.
Novanto, the Speaker of the House of Representatives (DPR) and chairperson of Indonesia's second-biggest political party, Golkar, was named as a suspect in the case last month.
Tensions between the KPK and parliament have festered for years and some members have suggested political motives are behind the probe.
McDonald's is testing a new Vegan Burger, called the McVegan!
The burger, a soy-based patty with all the (vegan) fixings, is only available at one location so far, a McDonald's in Finland.
You never know, if it does well Vegans here in the states may see it on the menu as well.
Liam Gallagher has confirmed their long-awaited return to the U.S.
Beginning in May, Gallagher will team up with Richard Ashcroft for a string of North American dates, ending with a solo show for Gallagher in Washington, D.C.
Gallagher, formerly of Oasis, recently released their solo album As You Were in 2017. Richard Ashcroft, formerly of The Verve, most recently released a solo album These People in 2016.
A full list of Gallagher's tour dates can be found below:
Mar 21 Club Audio | São Paulo, Brazil
Mar 25 Lollapalooza Sideshow | São Paulo, Brazil
Mar 27 Parque de la Exposicion | Lima, Peru
Apr 13 Snowbombing | Mayrhofen, Austria
May 10 The Masonic | San Francisco, CA**
May 11 The Greek Theatre | Los Angeles, CA**
May 13 Sony Centre for the Performing Arts | Toronto, ON**
May 14 Blue Hills Bank Pavilion | Boston, MA**
May 16 Central Park Summerstage | New York, NY**
May 17 Festival Pier at Penn's Landing | Philadelphia, PA**
May 19 Lincoln Theatre | Washington, DC
May 27 The Biggest Weekend | Coventry, United Kingdom
Jun 8 Northside | Aarhus, Denmark
Jun 10 Parklife Festival | Manchester, United Kingdom Tickets
Jun 15 Malahide Castle | Dublin, Ireland
Jun 16 BelsonicB elfast, | Northern Ireland
Jun 21 I-Days Festival | Milan, Italy
Jun 23 Isle of Wight Festival | Isle of Wight, United Kingdom
Jun 29 Finsbury Park | London, UK SOLD OUT
Jun 30 TRNSMT Festival | Glasgow, Scotland
Jul 7 Main Square Festival | Arras, France
Jul 8 Les Eurockeennes | Belfort, France
Jul 10 Les Deferlantes | D'Argeles Sur Mer, France
Jul 20 Les Vielles Charrues | Carhaix-Plouguer, France
Jul 22 Benicàssim | Benicàssim, Spain
Jul 25 STIMMEN 2018 | Burghof Lörrach, Germany
Aug 10 Sonorama Ribera | Aranda de Duero, Spain
Aug 12 Sziget Festival | Budapest, Hungary
Aug 17 RiZE Festival | Chelmsford, United Kingdom
Aug 18 Lancashire County Cricket Club | Manchester, United Kingdom SOLD OUT
Sep 9 Lollapalooza Berlin | Berlin, Germany
**With Richard Ashcroft
Denver Arts & Venues is not adequately monitoring a contract with Aramark Sports and Entertainment, LLC, the concessions operator at Red Rocks and Denver Coliseum, according to a new audit.
The report released this month from Denver Auditor Timothy M. O'Brien, CPA, shows Denver cannot determine whether Arts & Venues is receiving all concession revenue due from Aramark and paying the company proper compensation in a multi-million-dollar contract. The audit team also found there was weak oversight of inventory and that there were theft and security risks because of cash-handling practices at the venues.
“Arts & Venues needs to do a better job of monitoring what Aramark is doing or they risk losing profits owed to the city,” Auditor O'Brien said.
Between 2015 and 2017, Arts & Venues received approximately $37 million from Aramark in gross concessions profit and paid more than $3 million in fees and incentive payments to Aramark. According to the agreement in place through November 2017, Aramark was required to pay 100 percent of gross profits from concessions to the city. However, if Aramark met certain agreed-upon criteria, the city paid the company an annual incentive, that totaled approximately $1 million in 2017.
Auditors found, however, Arts & Venues could not provide signature approval for 2016 to show that Arts & Venues agreed that Aramark met criteria to receive the $900,000 incentive the city paid it that year.
The audit team tested sales documentation for 80 stands for three events at Red Rocks and the Coliseum and found 55 percent of the stands did not get the dual signatures needed for inventory transfers. Twenty-three percent of the stands did not properly document inventory transfers. Twenty-one percent also did not have or had inadequate documentation for management inventory adjustments. Each of these issues could have a direct effect on the gross profit calculation and the amount the city should receive from Aramark.
Aramark also does not reconcile inventory for each event. Instead it reconciles the inventory monthly. There are no useful daily inventory reconciliation practices, which makes it more difficult to track down errors and reasons for discrepancies.
The audit team also found no centralized point-of-sale system at the Coliseum. It relies on individual registers at each stand, which increases the possibility of errors. At the beginning and end of the day, employees count cash at the individual stand registers versus a secured central location, which poses both a theft and security risk.
Aramark's agreement also requires employees to keep spoilage to a minimum. Spoilage includes unsold or spoiled food, damaged products and employee meals, and it is treated as a cost of sales item and reduces the gross profits paid to the city. Under the agreement, Aramark is supposed to pay for any spoilage costs over 0.5 percent of the total food costs.
The audit team found Arts & Venues is not actively monitoring Aramark's compliance with the 0.5 percent spoilage limit. As a result, all spoilage costs are included in the cost of sales and taken out of the amount the city should make.
Also, during testing of stands, 41 percent of the stands did not always give reasons for all spoilage reported. These issues increase the risk that individuals or colluding Aramark employees could provide free goods to friends and family attending an event or personally profit by selling products outside the normal channels, circumventing commissionable sales that belong to Aramark and the city.
“The risk of theft and inaccuracies cannot be swept aside, even at relatively small dollar amounts,” Auditor O'Brien said.
If Arts & Venues does not sufficiently monitor cash, inventory, sales controls and financial information, errors could impact the accuracy of payments between Aramark and the city.
While the lack of monitoring and controls puts the city at risk of theft or other loss of revenue, it does not necessarily indicate these issues are happening. For this reason, the audit team recommends better monitoring and uniform application of policies during events to ensure accurate inventory and spoilage reporting.
Auditor O'Brien and their team made six recommendations to encourage Arts & Venues to improve monitoring of Aramark and the gross profits and fees exchanged. The agency agreed to all six recommendations and one is already implemented.
Photo by daveynin
Share this: Facebook
Google
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Pocket
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Feb 2 (Reuters) - NAGA GROUP AG:
* SAID ON THURSDAY NET LOSS OF 1.5 MLN EUROS VS NET LOSS 6.6 MLN EUROS YR AGO
* GROUP SALES 12.6 MLN EUROS VS 2.0 MLN EUROS YR AGO
* ONE-OFF REVENUE 6.3 MLN EUROS FOR NAGA DEVELOPMENT ASSOCIATION LTD TOKEN SALES SERVICES
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NASA announces 2 discovery missions to study Asteroids. NASA's next planetary mission will attempt to unravel the mysterious of some seriously bizarre asteroids.
According to SPACE, NASA has selected two projects called Lucy and Psyche via its Discovery program. The Lucy project will investigate the Trojan asteroids while Psyche will journey to the asteroids belt to study metallic asteroid named 16 psyches.
NASA official has reported, Lucy is scheduled to launch on October 21. The probe will visit main asteroid belt located between Mars and Jupiter in 2025 and then go on to study asteroids between 2027 and 2033.
Advertisement
NBC NEWS has reported, there are two streams of Trojan asteroids. One trails Jupiter and the other leads the giant planet around the sun.
The NASA scientist thinks both streams may be planetary building blocks that formed far from the Sun before being captured into their current orbits by Jupiter powerful gravity. However, the 2 discovery funds highly focussed space missions to destinations throughout the solar system.
Harold Levison, of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, has reported this is a unique opportunity as the Trojans are remnants of the primordial material that formed the outer planets.
However, Lucy and Psyche were among five discovery finalists that NASA announced their last year conference. NASA official has stated the dangerous-asteroid-hunting-Near Earth Object Camera (NEOCam), will get an additional year's worth of funding for continued development.
Psyche is considered one of the oldest objects in the solar system. This is a 130-mile-wide metallic asteroid; the size may be the core of an ancient, Mars -Size planet. The NASA scientist says violent collisions of billions of years ago might have stripped the layers of rock that once lay atop this metallic object.
Meanwhile, the NASA official the Discovery program was founded in 1992 that supports relatively low-cost planetary missions: development costs for the current crop are capped at about $450 million apiece.
ENGLEWOOD — The Englewood Festival and Arts Commission is proud to present the 45th annual Englewood Art Festival. Sponsored by the city of Englewood, this free event will be held under the trees at Centennial Park, 321 Union Boulevard on August 11 and 12.
“Our festival is a fun weekend with several thousand attending,” said Linda Bryan, festival chairperson.
Festivities begin Saturday, August 11 at 8 a.m. with the 29th annual 5K Classic Run. The start/finish line is on Union Boulevard near Overla Boulevard. Pre-race day entry fee is $20 with festival T-shirt or $10 without. Entrants wanting shirts must register before July 27. Online registration is at www.cantstoprunningco.com. Immediately following the run the Festival Parade will roll down Union Boulevard.
Festival attractions include artists selling their handmade work. Exhibitor chairperson Elizabeth Swanson states that many artists will be returning from previous festivals along with several new artists. Festival goers will find a variety of handmade items including outdoor sculptures and fountains, wood turning and carvings, unique jewelry, pottery, handmade soaps and lotions and more.
Another festival favorite is a wide variety of food selections including bourbon chicken, pulled pork and beef brisket, pizza, homemade ice cream and a German “Bier Garden.”
Free entertainment is scheduled for both days. The Northmont High School Marching Band will kick off Saturday's entertainment at noon followed by musician “Kip the Pirate” (Kip Foster) at 1 p.m. Turbo Accordions perform at 3 p.m., and the 5 p.m. evening concert will feature Rock It 88. Sunday's entertainment will begin at 11 a.m. with vocalist Lauren Kelly. The Englewood Civic Band will take the bandstand at 1 p.m., and Higgins-Madewell will close the festival entertainment beginning at 3 p.m.
A cruise-in will be held on Sunday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. with a $10 admission fee. Cruise-in entrants will be eligible for raffle prizes. All proceeds will be donated to the Northmont Community Table, an ecumenical organization working to diminish the effects of poverty in our community by offering direct help to people in need, referral support to other agencies, money management education and asset-based community development.
Festival hours are 10:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday. More festival information may be found at www.englewood.oh.us/237/Festival-Englewood or by calling the Earl Heck Community Center at (937) 836-5929.
The 29th annual 5K Classic Run will be held at 8 a.m. on Saturday, August 11 immediately prior to the Festival Parade. https://www.englewoodindependent.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/26/2018/07/web1_Festival.jpg The 29th annual 5K Classic Run will be held at 8 a.m. on Saturday, August 11 immediately prior to the Festival Parade. Contributed photo
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ping An Insurance Group Co Of China Ltd :
* ‍PRE-IPO FUNDRAISING OF PING AN GOOD DOCTOR HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$400 MILLION​
* ‍PING AN GOOD DOCTOR‘S LISTING APPLICATION HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED​
* ‍ANNOUNCES COMPLETION OF PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDRAISING FOR ITS TECHNOLOGY BUSINESSES​
* ROUND A FINANCING FOR ONECONNECT HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$650 MILLION
* ‍A ROUND FINANCING FOR PING AN HEALTHCARE TECHNOLOGY HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$1.15 BILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Italian furniture experts will visit Pakistan soon to impart modern techniques to local artisans engaged in furniture industry to meet the challenges of the international markets.
Pakistan Furniture Council (PFC) Chief Executive Mian Kashif Ashfaq while talking to media here Wednesday said PFC is collaborating with Italian companies of international repute for proper advanced technical training to local workers and initially 500 workers drawn from across the country will be trained in the short duration training programme in different batches..
The Italian experts will also conduct one-day workshop one each at Lahore, Peshawar, Chinnot, Gujrat, Faisalabad and Karachi for briefing the manufacturers about the latest furniture designs popular in global furniture industry, besides, highlighting the importance of the application of modern techniques in furniture industry.
They said to increase the country's furniture exports, the manufacturers need to be offered tax and credit package of incentives for acquiring new technologies and to grow big enough to sustain global competition from their rivals in the international market.
They said the expensive imported raw materials and energy costs are one of the major hurdles for furniture manufacturers to compete with much cheaper imports from China and India.
Mian Kashif urged the government to establish greater liaison with this sector to fully understand the market conditions and its requirements needs to protect, develop and promote on sound footings . They said the government should also provide more visible support to furniture business for exhibiting and travelling to trade shows and promoting Pak export as a success globally.
They said the Pakistan furniture industry has the potential to be a substantial one at multiple levels as it can contribute significantly to the GDP and employ numerous people with varying skills in specialist furniture.” government support as we believe it could generate at least $10 billion in exports in one decade if the requisite processes get streamlined,” adding they said the main issue is the dearth of middle management and nearly no proper institutions to train carpenters who are working in family oriented setups in different clusters. “Couple of government owned institutions are providing training to such carpenters, however, they are not up to global standards,” they said.
Answering a question Mian Kashif said to boost the local furniture sector PFC is holding its “ 8th mega Pakistan Interiors Exhibition 2017 “ commencing from 7th July next in Expo Centre Karachi. “ Over 60 local and a dozen foreign companies dealing with furniture and interior designs have so far confirmed their participation display their home and office furniture products to attract buyers,” they added.
“PFC is focusing on marketing activities in key markets including the United States, Japan, European Union and the Gulf. A concerted action is being taken for holding exhibitions, websites, international trade fairs and in-depth market analyses,” they added. They said the establishment of joint ventures with foreign producers of woods for the provision of required machinery can bolster the quality of our furniture products and brings them at par with international standards.
Republicans in the Iowa legislature advanced key parts of their state budget plan on Monday.
“As we put this budget together, we've had to prioritize our priorities within state government,” Republican Representative Pat Grassley of New Hartford, chairperson of the House Appropriations Committee, said to open a public hearing on the budget.
Last night, Senate Republicans voted on the spending plan for Iowa's courts and prisons. Republicans in the House, meanwhile, approved a bill outlining next year's spending plan for higher education as well as state agencies that do things like oversee voting, collect taxes and investigate elder abuse. Representative Chris Hall, a Democrat from Sioux City, noted cuts to state programs for foster children as well as deaf and blind Iowans.
“The state's budget is being balanced on the backs of the state's most vulnerable,” Hall said.
Democrats complained the budget for the Iowa Public Information Board has been cut so dramatically the agency may close next month. Republicans say the duties of responding to public questions about government meetings and public records may be transferred to another agency that oversees campaign finance laws.
Also last night, Republican Senators voted to shut down the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University.
Toronto coach Mike Babcock thinks their Maple Leafs should cherish the chance to play in Wednesday night's Game 7 of their first-round series with the Boston Bruins.
"You're a kid playing outside road hockey, it's the seventh game and you're scoring a winning goal in overtime," Babcock said after their Leafs won their second straight and evened the series with a 3-1 victory in Toronto on Monday night.
"That's just the way it was your whole life," they continued. "No one else in hockey is playing right now, they're all stopped and watching and that's always some, but I think just the opportunity, you get to go on. I think there's obviously a lot on the line that way and we'd like to play in the next round, Boston wants to play in the next round, something's got to give. We're excited about the opportunity and enjoy the rest of today. Get ready tomorrow.
"...Let's embrace it."
The Boston Red Sox dedicated the 2013 season to being "Boston Strong." Tuesday, Toronto joined the long list of cities attacked in some way when a van jumped a curb and mowed people down. The Leafs paid the proper tribute to the victims before the game, and then rode Frederick Andersen to the win.
Does it carry over in Game 7?
The winner faces the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference semifinals, the Bruins surrendering the top spot in the conference with a shaky finish to the regular season.
Also in 2013, the Maple Leafs, who haven't won a playoff series since 2004, led the Bruins 4-1 late in Game 7 and wound up losing in overtime. Tuukka Rask gave up four goals on 28 shots and was not brilliant in that game and their record in elimination games is 5-11, 1-2 in Game 7s.
Tim Thomas won three seventh games and led the Bruins to the 2011 Stanley Cup. Rask lost to Philadelphia in 2010 and to Washington in 2012.
They were poor in Game 5 and guaranteed he'd be better in Game 6. They are, keeping their team in the game in the third period.
Their teammates were not as good. The top line of Patrice Bergeron, Brad Marchand and David Pastrnak, on fire with 20 combined points in the two wins that started the series, have been scoreless in the last two games (plus Game 3) -- Bergeron was out of Game 5 with an upper-body injury and being ineffective in Monday night's game.
The trio has no points and is a combined minus-16 in the Bruins' three series losses.
"It's always how it should be. When you've lived it, you want to share that experience," Bergeron said of playing in another Game 7 (he scored the tying and winning goals in the 2013 comeback). "We have some amazing young players in this locker room and I know they're going to step up. That's the approach that we have.
"Everyone just needs to go out there and play and step up their game up and rely on everybody else to do the same. Do your job, I guess, is kind of the cliche, but that's how you have to approach (a Game 7)."
Andersen, 10-1-0 lifetime against the Bruins coming into these playoffs, shook off a shaky start in the series and has been great since.
The Bruins are trying to win their first playoff series since 2014.
WWE Rumors: Finn Balor likely to return for WrestleMania but may not have an actual match
It looks like Finn Balor may well miss out on WrestleMania this year.
@HJKettle by Harry Kettle News 15 Feb 2017, 18:33 IST
Balor's status has been unknown for a while now
What's the story?
As reported by Cageside Seats, former NXT Champion Finn Balor is on track to return before WrestleMania 33 - but they aren't scheduled to have an actual match at the showcase of the immortals. Balor has been out of action since suffering a shoulder injury against Seth Rollins back at SummerSlam.
In case you didn't know...
Balor's return to the WWE has been rumoured for months now, with contradicting reports suggesting that they were actually scheduled to appear in the 2017 Royal Rumble match. Alas, that didn't happen, and it remains uncertain as to whether they will appear in Orlando for WrestleMania 33 with many fans desperate to see The Demon return.
The heart of the matter
These rumours suggest that Balor's return from injury is indeed going as planned. However, it may take place too close to ‘Mania for a bout to be scheduled. It could be similar to Rollins, who is also cutting it close when it comes to recovering in time for the Orlando event this year. As of right now, Vince and co have no plans to feature Balor on the card.
What's next?
With just six editions of Monday Night Raw remaining until WrestleMania, it would seem as if Balor's return needs to be sooner rather than later, if they are indeed going to defy the odds and have a match at the Citrus Bowl.
The promotion is understandably hesitant about bringing them back too soon, so the WWE Universe should expect some form of an answer in the next few weeks.
Sportskeeda's take
As big Finn Balor fans, it's frustrating for us to see so much uncertainty surrounding them right now. With so many rumours swirling around and with Balor themselves constantly trolling fans on social media, we don't know what to believe.
Much like Rollins, WWE shouldn't rush Finn back just for ‘Mania as last year proved you can still have a relatively capable show without some top stars present. There are a number of fascinating match-ups on the table for Balor if they do make it to Orlando, but perhaps it would indeed be best to hold off until the Raw after ‘Mania so that they can have a truly impactful return.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
You have to admire Joseph Kabila's cheek, if nothing else. On Jan. 26, at their first press conference in five years, the long-serving president of the Democratic Republic of Congo said: “We have to have elections as scheduled.” But they were scheduled for December 2016.
Kabila had been in office for 14 years by then, but somehow they had forgotten that you need an up-to-date voters' list before you can hold an election. So they generously offered to stay in office as president for another year while this was done, even though they were not allowed to run for a third term as president.
The various opposition parties and the Roman Catholic Church, which has immense influence in the DRC, were not greatly pleased by that. However, they reluctantly agreed to go along with it and the election was rescheduled for December 2017 — last month.
As it became clear the deadline would not be met the demonstrations and protests multiplied, and the “security forces” grew more repressive: a recent UN report found that state agents had carried out 1,176 killings in 2017. And late last year Kabila declared the elections would have to be postponed again, to December 2018.
“Kabila does not have any intention to leave power,” said Felix Tshisekedi, a prominent opposition leader, after the latest postponement. “His strategy is to spread chaos across the country and then delay elections because he'll claim there is too much violence.”
The violence is certainly increasing, and there is a serious risk that Congo is sliding back towards civil war, but it's too simple to blame it all on Kabila.
Kabila came to power when their father, Laurent-Desire Kabila, a warlord who had emerged victorious in the first civil war in 1997, was assassinated in 2001. They were only 29 at the time (although their father had already made them army chief of staff), and they had no political following of their own.
They have subsequently become very rich, but they are still not a powerful figure in their own right. They were put in office by the security forces, now dominated by the men who led their father's rebel army, and they remain largely a figurehead while they make the real decisions. The problem is that they can't decide who should replace him.
Kabila didn't actually forget to change the law that restricted them to two terms of office. Doing that would have been simple enough if the men who really run things had all wanted them to stay in office. (Three other African leaders have changed the rules on term limits so they could stay in office in just the past year.)
Nor is there much doubt that Kabila would have won if there had been an election last year or the year before. It's the regime's own people who are slowly compiling the voters' lists, and the choices they make will doubtless guarantee a victory for the regime.
The situation is drifting toward chaos because the various factions within the security forces cannot agree whether to keep Kabila in power or switch to another figurehead.
It's all about who has access to resources (for which read money) within the regime, but meanwhile 81-million Congolese are being dragged toward another civil war. The last one, in 1998-2003, killed at least five-million Congolese, mostly from hunger and disease. They do not need another.
There is already heavy fighting between militia groups and the army in the east and southeast, with the majority of the casualties, as usual, being civilians.
It would be comforting to believe that an election could stop all this, but it can't. What is required is a strong and reasonably honest government that can reassert control over this huge country, the poorest in the world.
It is sheer fantasy to imagine that a country bigger than all of western Europe, but with less in the way of all-weather roads than tiny Luxembourg and a per capita income of about a dollar a day, can be saved by a free election. Communications are so poor that there is no genuine “public opinion,” and beyond Kinshasa, the capital, almost all political loyalties are tribal.
Democracy is important, and for most African countries — for most countries anywhere — it is the best solution. But the Congo is too big, too poor and too ethnically fragmented for that to work yet. Elections are symbolically important because they embody the principles of popular sovereignty and the rule of law, but everybody who might actually get elected belongs to a small privileged elite.
A relatively small part of that group, the “security elite,” have been running everything since the turn of the century, and the first order of business must be for them to make a deal on who their candidate will be at the next election. Whoever that is will certainly win, and it hardly matters whether it is Kabila or somebody else. Those behind the scenes will still pull the strings.
But until they reach an agreement about the regime's candidate, the country will continue to drift, and it is drifting into dangerous waters.
Gwynne Dyer is an independent journalist whose articles are published in 45 countries.
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Wayne Rooney marked their Premier League return in Everton colours in perfect fashion with the winning goal in a 1-0 victory over Stoke City at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Rooney, who was full of invention and energy throughout, rose well to meet a fine Dominic Calvert-Lewin cross with a looping header into the far corner on the stroke of half-time.
The former England captain rejoined their boyhood club last month after 13 years with Manchester United and they instantly looked at home.
"To play for this football club again is a huge deal for me and to score at Goodison in my first game back, it doesn't get much better. A great moment," said Rooney.
"It was a tough game and we were a bit fortunate to go in 1-0 up at halftime. I thought we were the better team in the second half and deserved to win," they added.
The 31-year-old, playing just behind debutant Spanish striker Sandro Ramirez, delivered some clever passes and fed the lively Calvert-Lewin with some perfectly weighted through balls.
"He was clever, comfortable on the ball. That is why we signed Wayne, expecting to show their team-mates all that experience, and it was really the case today," said Everton manager Ronald Koeman.
But while Everton dominated large parts of the game, they needed new goalkeeper, Jordan Pickford, to pull off a superb save in injury time to deny Xherdan Shaqiri an equaliser from a long-range drive.
Earlier Calvert-Lewin, the England Under-20 international, who again showed their great potential, could have made sure of the win in the 69th minute when they robbed Kurt Zouma on the edge of the area. But their fierce blast was kept out by Stoke keeper Jack Butland.
Stoke battled hard and were as well-organised and dogged as ever but lacked the creative touch in the final third.
"Overall I thought we did OK ... I didn't think there was too much between the two sides," said Stoke manager Mark Hughes.
"Their keeper made a great save at the end to save the result for them."
But Hughes said there was something inevitable about Rooney's role in the win.
"He was always going to be part of the story ... that is what we feared," they said.
YELLOWKNIFE (August 11, 2017) – Premier Bob McLeod issued the following statement on NWT Pride weekend:
“Pride weekend is a time to celebrate the LGBTQ+ community and support their human right to gender expression and gender identity, free of stigma, violence and prejudices. Today, I join in this celebration and applaud the organization for the leadership it has shown in representing the LGBTQ+ community across the Northwest Territories.
All residents of the Northwest Territories deserve to live their lives free of discrimination and persecution, regardless of who they love or their sexual identity. I commend NWT Pride for bringing people together to celebrate the diversity and courage of the community. Because of this work, NWT Pride has created a space where everyone is welcomed, and inspires residents through the workshops, events and activities it hosts over the weekend.
As the first jurisdiction in Canada to offer a third gender identity without the need for reassignment surgery, our government is committed to ensuring individuals are empowered to self-identify and access GNWT services based on a foundation of respect.
Every resident of the Northwest Territories deserves the right to equality, and the Government of the Northwest Territories will continue to support individuals, families and communities.”
Mozilla-backed Cliqz, a German startup building an anti-tracking browser with a built-in private search feature powered by aggregated usage of its products, is acquiring the consumer assets of ad-tracker privacy tool and browser extension Ghostery. Terms of the all-cash deal have not been disclosed.
“By combining algorithmic and blocklist anti-tracking approaches, Cliqz and Ghostery will together further raise the benchmark in privacy protection,” Cliqz writes in a press release announcing the move.
Cliqz is acquiring Ghostery's anti-tracking browser extensions and mobile apps, meaning it will be gaining the latter's 10 million active users — hoping that will help spur international growth.
It's not acquiring the company outright. Parent company Ghostery Inc, which is reverting to its prior name Evidon, will continue in what is described as an “enterprise-focused digital governance businesses” — focused on privacy compliance, including for ad industry groups wanting to adhere to the self-regulatory AdChoices program, but also for tracking compliance with compulsory privacy rules.
New York-based Evidon claims it's seeing increased demand for its b2b digital governance services, pointing to incoming privacy regulations — such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will bring in steeper fines for data breaches when it comes into force in 2018 — as spurring corporates to take a closer look at their processes.
“The EU's GDPR in particular has catalyzed the need for digital governance and clients are approaching us with an increasing set of demands,” said Scott Meyer, CEO & co-founder in a statement.
Evidon will continue to be fed aggregated anonymous tracking data from opt-in users of the Cliqz-operated Ghostery products (which will also continue as standalones, as before, via the suite of browser extensions and Ghostery Android and iOS mobile apps). “This deal will ensure that clients retain access to Ghostery data about trackers, and enable Evidon to focus exclusively on the significantly growing B2B market,” added Meyer.
The combined algorithmic and blocklist anti-tracking approaches will be merged by Cliqz into a new tech that will be implemented across both Ghostery-branded and Cliqz-branded products. Cliqz reckons the combined tech will “improve website loading time by blocking common trackers and protect users from increasingly aggressive data gathering methods”.
At this point Cliqz has about 1M monthly active users via its Firefox extension and standalone desktop and mobile browsers.
And while it's been mostly focused on German-speaking markets to date, it's actively stepping up efforts to grow beyond that — recently launching a beta version of its browser in France, and with designs on a US launch in the near future (it says it's also added beta support for US-English for its quick-search feature).
Cliqz says it's hoping ownership of Ghostery's assets will help it accelerate its products into other markets. “We plan to launch in the US and some Western European markets soon,” says a spokesperson. “The Ghostery acquisition will be a big help. Ghostery users around the world can opt-in to contribute anonymous statistical data via our Human Web technology.
“We will use this data to build web indexes for other countries/languages, so that our core product Cliqz quick-search will be able to support other markets quickly.”
Of US-English quick-search results, they add: “The quality of the US search results will be satisfying at the start and with the help of Human Web quickly will improve quickly to reach the same level as in German.”
They also confirmed Ghostery's former parent will not have direct access to Ghostery generated user data, going forward. “Ghostery users will be able to contribute data voluntarily and strictly anonymously to Cliqz,” they said, noting that the data collection process in Ghostery products will be changed to Cliqz's Human Web technology (i.e. its aggregated, anonymized data collection process).
“Human Web is built on privacy-by-design-principles. It rules out that any PII [personally identifiable information] is stored on Cliqz's or Ghostery's servers,” they add. “Cliqz will provide Evidon with a subset of the data that enables Evidon to continue their B2B services.
“Basically, Evidon will only get aggregated data about trackers (a “map of trackers“). Which trackers are on a website? How prevalent is the tracker in the web? No information about users whatsoever. Cliqz and Ghostery will never share any data about individual users with anyone. (Even if we wanted, we wouldn't be able to, as we don't store any.)”
Cliqz has previously discussed its plans to monetize this pro-privacy approach and usage of its free, anti-tracking browser and search products via a companion Cliqz Offers app — that will be designed to broadcast all offers to all users so Cliqz does not need to track individuals' browsing habits to power ad targeting. Rather tracking of browsing habits occurs locally, on a user's device, allowing for the tech to display pertinent offers to users without Cliqz itself needing to be party to its users' browsing behavior.
The Cliqz Offers app has not launched yet, but the spokesperson noted it is now working with its first pilot customers to launch their first campaigns — saying a soft launch is coming soon and the official launch is planned for later this year.
As well as hoping the acquisition of the Ghostery consumer business will boost Cliqz global user-base, Cliqz says it's negotiating with other potential partners, naming entities such as anti-virus companies and mobile carriers as those it's seeking to work with to try to raise its profile.
The Munich-based startup has been majority-owned by international media and tech company Hubert Burda Media since 2013.
The Old Settler's Trail Ride will be Friday, April 21, 2017. They will leave at 9:00 am from the home of Mike Owen. (Reydon, 1 mile north on Hwy 30, east on 930 Road 2-1/2 miles, north side of road) They will stop to eat lunch around Noon, so bring your lunch and drinks.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
ISS Expedition 50 came to a end for Commander Shane Kimbrough of NASA and Flight Engineers Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos as they returned to Earth on Monday, April 10, 2017 landing in the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan.
Bikeshare Hawaii installed an additional 10 Biki stops Monday in urban Honolulu, from the Downtown, Chinatown area to Waikiki.
The new additions bring the system to a total of 99 stations and 1,000 bikes.
Organizers say Biki users have requested stops in areas where there are gaps. None of the new locations take parking spots.
The new stations are located:
Kakaako/Ala Moana Area
Pohukaina Street near UFC Gym
Ward Area
Ward Village in front of Real Gastropub
Ward Village near the former Sports Authority
Kolowalu Park
Downtown
Beretania and Punchbowl Streets near Department of Health
Fort Street Mall at King Street
Fort Street Mall at Queen Street
Punchbowl Street near Queen Street
Beretania Street at Isenberg Street
Waikiki
Kalakaua Avenue between Ohua and Paoakalani Avenues
Since Biki launched on June 28, organizers say more than 75,000 trips have been taken, with daily trips in the 1,800 to 2,100 range.
The most popular Biki Stops are located in Waikiki and Ala Moana/Kakaako.
Click here for more information.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's nomination of their presidential physician, Ronny Jackson, to head the Veterans Affairs department ran into trouble on Tuesday when a Senate committee delayed their confirmation in light of “new information” it had received.
U.S. President Donald Trump's nominee to be U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Navy Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson, meets with Senator Jon Tester (D-MT) at their office on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 17, 2018. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
“We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review,” Republican Johnny Isakson, the chairperson of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and Democrat Jon Tester, the panel's ranking member, said in a joint statement.
The New York Times, citing unnamed officials, reported on Tuesday that the committee, which had planned to hold a nomination hearing on Wednesday, was examining allegations that Jackson oversaw a hostile work environment as White House physician and allowed the overprescribing of drugs.
Trump chose Jackson last month ago to replace David Shulkin at the VA after an official report found that Shulkin improperly accepted tickets to the Wimbledon tennis tournament and their chief of staff made false statements so Shulkin's wife could travel at government expense.
But questions about Jackson's level of experience to head a large bureaucracy weighed on their nomination before allegations surfaced in the New York Times of improper conduct.
Jackson, a U.S. Navy rear admiral, has worked as a presidential physician since the George W. Bush administration, and has been the lead doctor monitoring Trump's health since Trump became president.
White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley defended Jackson, saying they had a “record of strong, decisive leadership” and that is what is needed at the veterans agency.
A White House official said the allegations raised against Jackson are unfair and “don't appear to pass the smell test.”
The official said there will be a discussion among senior officials on possible next steps in the nomination strategy, such as putting pressure on senators to back Jackson.
“At this stage I think we're full steam ahead,” the official said, adding that the future of the nomination could depend on whether Jackson has the stomach for a prolonged nomination fight.
Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, told reporters their first instinct was to support Trump's nominee.
But they added, “I certainly support the committee's work to vet their background because we need to know the full picture,” Cornyn said.
UNITED NATIONS, Aug 13 (APP): The world's 1.2 billion young
people can play a critical role in creating a peaceful world for
generations to come, UN Secretary-General Ant'nio Guterres, said.
“All This Victory,” a drama set in 2006 in Lebanon during the war between Hezbollah and Israel, has won the Eastern Promises Works in Progress Award at the Karlovy Vary Intl. Film Festival. The competition is devoted to projects from Central and Eastern Europe, the Balkans, former Soviet Union countries, and, for the first time this year, the Middle East.
In director Ahmad Ghossein's film, a coproduction between Lebanon, France and Germany, Marwan goes in search of their father, who has refused to leave their village. They find no traces of them and when the ceasefire ends suddenly, they are forced to shelter in the home of Najib, their father's friend, and some of Najib's friends. As bombs hail down, tensions within the house rise; then a group of Israeli soldiers enter the building.
The jury was comprised of Matthijs Wouter Knol, director of the Berlinale's European Film Market, Rossitsa Valkanova, a director and producer from Bulgaria, and Rickard Olsson of Berlin-based sales agent Picture Tree International.
Valkanova said the project “stood out in its creative approach to a complex idea and a highly relevant topic.” Ghossein and the lead producer, Myriam Sassine of Lebanon's Abbout Productions, had presented it “with precision and deep personal involvement, convincing us of their ability to build a multi-layered film world within a limited space, using minimalistic yet cinematic methods of storytelling.”
Related Tim Robbins Says 'Shawshank Redemption' Was the 'Best Script I've Ever Read' Karlovy Vary Film Review: 'Winter Flies'
Valkanova added: “We expect this film to impress and resonate with audiences, as it manages to rise above the particularities of a military conflict, implying questions of existential importance with a bitter smile.”
The project will receive prizes worth a total 100,000 Euros, consisting of post-production services at UPP and Soundsquare, and a cash prize of 10,000 Euro from Barrandov Studio.
Olsson added that the 11 projects had filled the jury “with great expectations and made [It's] decision extremely difficult. In our hearts, we give 10 special mentions.”
Among the other projects were Suzan Iravanian's “Leakage,” an Iran-Czech Republic co-production. This is a high-concept arthouse genre film playing on a number of contemporary social issues such as immigration, the world's oil obsession and female exploitation. It follows a middle-aged woman whose body produces crude oil, and their quest to immigrate to Germany.
“There was a time I became sure that oil as an unreachable commodity is what poisons and metamorphosizes our perception of reality,” Iravanian told Variety. “‘Leakage' for me is the exploration of such manipulated realities within an uncertain geography and a vulnerable community.”
In Jure Pavlovic's “Matriarch,” a co-production between Croatia, France, Serbia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina, Jasna returns to care for their bedridden mother whose influence still looms large over the house. Forced to face grudges they think they left behind, they must decide whether or not to confront their overbearing mother.
“In ‘Treasure City' the audience is dropped into the middle of a web of family, sexual, political and romantic relationships where nothing is quite what it seems,” director Szabolcs Hajdu explained to Variety. “One event leads to something else, people appear in one situation and reappear in another and by the end the lives of 22 people intersect in unpredictable ways during a 90-minute period on one magical night in the city they share.”
Marko Škop's “Let There Be Light” turns on a father trying to exonerate their son, accused of bullying and killing a classmate. “I would like to show how easily we can become enemies to each other,” Škop told Variety. “I would like to try to depict evil and the mistakes that can lead to it in our unstable existence.”
“‘Mamonga' is a multifaceted film that toys with the tropes of Balkan cinema in a non-linear narrative structure,” director Stefan Malešević explained to Variety. “The slow-paced long shots are intended to relay the atmospheres of different societies in the Balkans, while engaging the audience in a dialogue regarding topics such as the relation between choice and consequence, outcome and intention, destiny and chance, and good and evil.”
“'My Morning Laughter' is a coming-of-age movie with a difference: the main protagonist is not a teenager but a 30-year-old virgin,” explains debut director Marko Djordjevic. “In a broader sense it is a story about my generation, a generation that was overprotected by our parents, who did their best at shielding us from the awful reality that was lurking outside of our homes.”
Latvia, Belgium and Lithuania team on Juris Kursietis' “Oleg,” another arthouse feature in which the protagonist deals with the difficulties of immigration. In it, the titular character is forced to go through a middle-man to find work, as their alien status eliminates traditional legal means of job-hunting. The stress of the situation pushes Oleg towards a break down, physically and psychologically.
Hisham Saqr's “Certified Mail” is the tale of an Egyptian wife and mother struggling with suicidal thoughts who must learn to face them on their own as their husband faces incarceration for a mistake at work.
“The Flying Circus” is a true story from the life of director Fatos Berisha in which four actors illegally cross Balkan borders during wartime to try and meet Michael Palin under the guise of attending a theater festival.
“Monsters” follows what could be the last 24 hours in the relationship of a long-time married couple. It's the directorial debut for Romania's Marius Olteanu.
“Our agenda is rather simple,” Karlovy Vary head of film industry office Hugo Rosak told Variety ahead of the festival. “We want to have our Works in Progress selection well represented geographically to really find jewels in the entire region that we call ‘East of the West.' Of course, these projects need to have an international potential and trigger interest.”
They also explained the addition of the newly-eligible Middle Eastern countries.
“We have seen a lot of high quality talented debutants from the region of the Middle East that in our opinion deserve to be elevated,” they explained. “Part of our new KVIFF Eastern Promises brand is to allow projects from this region to travel internationally because many are very strong but may not have as many available platforms where they can shine.”
KARLOVY VARY WORKS IN PROGRESS
“All This Victory,” (Ahmad Ghossein, Lebanon, France, Germany)
“Certified Mail,” (Hisham Saqr, Egypt)
“The Flying Circus,” (Fatos Berisha, Kosovo)
“Leakage,” (Suzan Iravanian, Iran, Czech Republic)
“Let There Be Light,” (Marko Škop, Slovak Republic, Czech Republic)
“Mamonga,” (Stefan Malešević, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro)
“Matriarch,” (Jure Pavlovic, Croatia, France, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina)
“Monsters,” (Marius Olteanu, Romania)
“My Morning Laughter,” (Marko Djordjevic, Serbia)
“Oleg,” (Juris Kursietis, Latvia, Belgium, Lithuania)
“Treasure City,” (Szabolcs Hajdu, Hungary, Romania)
PRAYER
Living in the Light Ministries, Bayou Vista, sponsoring a weekly community/unity prayer service at 6 p.m. Tuesdays at alternate locations. All churches invited for an hour of power. Dec. 12 gathering at Miracle Revival Christian Center, 1200 Saturn Road, Bayou Vista. Public invited.
MUSICAL
First Baptist Church, 1915 Victor II Blvd., Morgan City, choir presents “Joy Has Dawned,” a Christmas cantata, at 10:45 a.m. Sunday, Dec. 17. Public invited. For info call 985-384-5920.
0:16 Police officer fired after punching man in handcuffs Pause
0:39 A solemn souvenir of imprisonment in their own country
1:12 Historic parallels between Japanese American and Muslim communities
0:42 Misao 'Missy' Hikiji recalls being held prisoner by their own country
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville Dam emergency in California
2:35 Saburo Masada visits site of their internment for first time since 1942
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
Consuming energy drinks could be a gateway to cocaine use, a new study suggests.
According to researchers at the University of Maryland's School of Public Health, young adults who said they consumed energy drinks between the ages of 21 and 24 were at a greater risk of doing cocaine or prescription stimulants for non-medical uses.
The study recruited 1,099 participants when they were 18-year-old college students.
More than half of the participants fell into the group with a "persistent trajectory" - meaning they continued to consume energy drinks over time. Members of this group were "significantly" more likely to use stimulant drugs.
"This study gives evidence of a specific contribution of energy drink consumption to later substance use," said Professor Amelia Arria, an associate professor of behavioural and community health who was the lead author on the study. "The results suggest that energy drink users might be at heightened risk for other substance use, particularly stimulants."
Even those who occasionally consumed energy drinks were at an increased risk of stimulant drug use.
Those who didn't consume energy drinks as they got older were less likely to develop substance-abuse issues.
While the study doesn't explain why consuming energy drinks may be linked to stimulant drug use, researchers say it should be investigated further.
University of Hawai'i softball's Brittany Hitchcock (Huntington Beach, Calif./Ocean View HS) earned their third career Big West Softball Pitcher of the Week honor after dealing a pair of complete-game shutouts in a home conference series against UC Riverside last week.
The right-handed junior yielded seven hits and zero walks over their 14.0 innings of work. Hitchcock also struck out 11 while holding the Highlanders to a .146 batting average. The two shutouts raised Hitchcock's total to a career-high eight this season.
Hitchcock led the Rainbow Wahine to a 2-0 victory in game one of the series as they scattered four hits with four strikeouts. They did not allow a runner to reach third base for the sixth time this season, and they succeeded in not giving up a walk for the ninth time in an appearance this year.
With the series tied at 1-1, Hitchcock returned to the circle for the rubber game and they did not disappoint. They came through with a complete game, three-hit shutout. They sat down the first 12-straight Highlanders before giving up a single to start the fifth inning. Once again, Hitchcock denied any runner from reaching third base – the seventh time this year that had happened – and they did not allow a walk while striking out seven. In the 5-0 victory, they faced just 24 batters, three over the minimum.
Overall, Hitchcock improved to 16-7 on the year with a 1.73 ERA in 149.1 innings pitched. They have walked just 21 batters all season and struck out 133.
Hawai'i (25-15, 4-5 Big West) will return to California this week to take on Cal State Fullerton (23-18, 6-3 BWC) in a three-game conference series. The two teams will face off in a single game on Friday, April 21 at 6:00 p.m. followed by a doubleheader on Saturday beginning at 2:00 p.m.
Fashion loves to find creative new ways to reinvent classic wardrobe staples, which is why you have seen an influx of weird jean trends. From upside down denim shorts to triple waist jeans, you have more options than just skinny jeans. And now mermaid jeans are the newest denim trend to throw its hat into the ring, turning your legs into a mythical creature. L'AGENCE's iridescent skinny jeans trade in the true-blue denim hue for a rainbow of shifting colors, mimicking the scales of a mermaid and bringing a fairy tale-like touch to your outfit.
L'AGENCE is an upscale California-based label that merges the effortlessness of Los Angeles style with the understated-chicness of Parisians, where they use luxury fabrics to create minimalist and timeless designs. The best way to describe their aesthetic is to use words like "understated" and "elegant," where the designs gravitate towards items like camisole lace jumpsuits, black and white striped tapered pants, and silk crepe de chine handkerchief hem dresses. Looks like these has gotten the store a cult-celebrity following, where stars like Ashley Graham, Emma Roberts, and Karlie Kloss are regular shoppers there.
But their penchant for timelessness is what makes these iridescent pants such an exciting and unexpected find — they're way more whimsical than any of L'AGENCE's offerings.
Dubbed the Margot Jean, the skinny jean is enveloped in an iridescent foil, giving off a silver look that changes into watercolor pastels when it hits the light. The actual jeans are made from a super stretch premium denim with a high rise fit, so they are as comfortable as they are beautiful.
But when it comes to out-of-the-box denim trends, the Margot Jean isn't the first one to make waves this summer. Recently the "upside down denim shorts" came out to inspire a trippy summer wardrobe, and they look exactly how they sound. The shorts are flipped upside down, where the waistline is featured on the pant cuffs, and the cuffs are sewed onto the waistline. Inspired by Stranger Thing's "the Upside Down," CIE Denim, the New York City-based vintage store that hand-makes them, has created six different versions in honor of different Hawkins characters.
ASOS jumped on the bandwagon with their own creation, where they made a "triple waistband jean" that looked like — you guessed it — a pair of pants with three layered waists. The end result looks like you took a pair of low-riding pants and layered them over a mid-rise and high-rise pair of jeans, making you look like you're wearing three different pairs at once. For the days when you can't decide which kind of rise you want to wear, these are perfect.
Then there was the denim "belt," which was debuted in Unravel Project's Resort '18 presentation, but it's not like any belt that you have seen. Instead, it looked like you cut your jeans up and only left the waist, then cinched it around a baggy sweater like a corset. And this innovative piece would set you back over $400.
Sold on Net-A-Porter, the product description read, "Designed to appear like it's been sliced from the top of your favorite jeans, this faded blue version has frayed edges and exposed pockets. It looks even cooler with a slim leather strap over the top." While definitely quirky, the brand made it with the intention of nipping in their slouchier and baggier pieces. While it might sound weird on paper, it actually makes for a very cool outfit.
From iridescent mermaid jeans to shorts that look like you're trapped in the Upside Down, get freaky with your denim styles this summer. You won't regret it.
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  A University of Southern Mississippi student fell through a closed 11th-story hotel window onto a hotel's fourth-floor pool deck and died, New Orleans police said Tuesday.
In an email Tuesday, the coroner's office identified the dead man as 20-year-old Cole D. Whaley, and said they died early Saturday at the DoubleTree hotel from injuries that included multiple skull fractures.
Dr. Jeffrey Rouse classified the preliminary cause of death as "blunt-force injuries." A final cause will be announced following an investigation and toxicology results, Rouse said in a statement.
Whaley was a student from Mobile, Alabama, and was in New Orleans for an off-campus function of the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, Hattiesburg news outlets quoted University of Southern Mississippi officials as saying.
Advertisement
Asked how Whaley came to fall through a closed window and whether roughhousing was involved, police spokesperson Dawne Massey wrote in an email that the police department "is still collecting witness statements."
A message posted Sunday on the Southern Miss Interfraternity Council's Facebook page described Whaley as an honors student who "always encouraged their fraternity brothers to succeed academically," and an intramural participant who promoted sportsmanship.
SEC Network's Jordan Rodgers and Marcus Spears analyze the Gators' best QB strategy and the Tigers' chances in the East vs. West rivalry. (2:27)
It's October, there's a chill in the air, the leaves are beginning to change color and LSU and Florida are still LSU and Florida.
We're a month into the college football season, and nothing -- not a single thing of substance -- has changed for these two programs since last year or the year before that or the year before that or ... well, you get the picture.
There's still talk of poor quarterback play. There's still talk of nagging injuries. There's still talk of how playoff contenders could be counted out of the race not halfway through the season.
It's maddening watching this merry-go-round of underachievement, which will take its next wobbly, rickety turn Saturday afternoon when LSU and Florida meet in The Swamp.
How on Earth did we get here?
We're a month into the college football season and nothing of substance has changed for Florida or LSU. AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File
Think about where things stand this week: On one hand, there's LSU where there was such a panic after losing to Troy that coach Ed Orgeron and athletic director Joe Alleva felt the need to call both coordinators into the principal's office for a good talking to. That an AD would involve themselves so intimately in the inner-workings of the program in early October is alarming. And then, on the other hand, there's Florida where it has gotten so bad that the offense is actually harmed when when its walk-on, third-string quarterback is lost for the season with a broken collarbone. That's no disrespect to Luke Del Rio, but there's a reason Jim McElwain had to pull the plug on Feleipe Franks and Malik Zaire before they pulled Del Rio off the bench.
Ask Orgeron what has gone wrong and he'll point to youth and a lack of depth on the offensive and defensive lines. Ask McElwain and he'll point to injuries, saying, “It's no different than the team we're playing this week.”
Injuries? Seriously?
This isn't about who is and isn't available to play. This isn't about one season. This is systemic. LSU and Florida are so far removed from their identity as programs that they are left to talk about playing with effort and enthusiasm. You have Orgeron telling reporters, “We plan on playing with a lot more emotion this week, for sure,” as if this is Pee Wee football and all it takes is trying just a little bit harder.
What it takes is a long, hard look in the mirror.
LSU didn't lose at home to Troy in some flukey way. There were no trick plays. All you need to do to understand is watch the tape and see how the Tigers were whipped up front by a Group of Five programs. That defensive line, with or without a healthy Arden Key, shouldn't be shoved back 2-3 yards by anyone. For the first time in a long time, that line felt undersized. And on the other side of the ball, it was the same story. With or without a healthy Derrius Guice, there's no excuse for why LSU couldn't get the running game going. Besides, Guice played against Mississippi State and LSU lost 37-7.
And that's to say nothing of the failure to field an effective passing game. As it turns out, the narrative of a new and improved Danny Etling was false; he's still the former Purdue transfer with an inability to move the ball downfield. Meanwhile, the offense, after years and years of failing to evolve, is trying to leap into the 21st century overnight under new offensive coordinator Matt Canada and instead looks like a newborn giraffe unsure of every step it takes.
It's a sad state of affairs when the program that developed star NFL wideouts Odell Beckham Jr. and Jarvis Landry can't throw the ball on anyone, and yet here we are once again.
Meanwhile, Florida's offense looked better on paper against Vanderbilt. You have to give them that. But let's be serious: Vanderbilt is not the measuring stick, and the Commodores were still reeling from a 59-0 beatdown at the hands of Alabama a week earlier. What's more, all five of the Gators' touchdowns came rushing the football.
Don't get it twisted, a solid running game is a welcomed development. But it feels like it has been so long without a well-rounded offense in Gainesville that people have stopped asking where the high-flying days of Urban Meyer and Steve Spurrier have gone. It has been seven years since an offensive skill player has been drafted higher than the third round, and even then it was Tim Tebow who has found themselves trying their hand at baseball now. It took forever to find an honest-to-goodness playmaker at receiver, and it turned out to be the perennial headache Antonio Callaway. The line of starting quarterbacks since Tebow should stretch around Ben Hill Griffin Stadium by now.
Just think: Will Grier could still be wearing Florida orange right now, and instead he's lighting up the Big 12 at West Virginia.
How about one more: Oklahoma State star quarterback Mason Rudolph very easily could be at LSU if the Tigers hadn't slow-played their recruitment and opted for Brandon Harris instead.
You want to know why LSU and Florida are stuck in the mud right now? You want to know why they have come to represent a top-heavy SEC? It's decisions like those and the inability, year after year, to make substantial changes.
We began the season thinking that maybe, just maybe, these two teams would make a run at Alabama. We thought maybe they'd improve.
It's only October, but the writing is already on the wall. We were wrong.
Nothing has changed. LSU is still LSU and Florida is still Florida, and they're two more teams Alabama doesn't need to worry about.
The Toronto Blue Jays have placed outfielder Ezequiel Carrera the 10-day disabled list with a right foot fracture.
Carrera, who had an RBI single in Toronto's 8-1 loss to Tampa Bay on Tuesday, is hitting .297 with five home runs and 15 runs batted in over 56 appearances this season.
The Blue Jays called up Dwight Smith Jr. from triple-A Buffalo. Smith was pencilled in to start in left field for the Blue Jays on Wednesday against the Rays.
Have you ever had a birthday where no one showed up?
Well that almost happened to a three-year-old girl in Woodstock on Sunday, but in after their mother made a last minute plea online, the community came together to help give their daughter a great birthday.
Amie Fitzgerald moved to Woodstock last June and Sunday was their daughter Clementine's third birthday. Amie and their husband Ryan Fitzgerald had planned to have a baby-themed party for their daughter on Feb. 12, but when the day came something unfortunate happened.
“Throughout the morning I just kept getting messages,” Amie said. “It was just like one person after the other kept cancelling on us. We just moved to Woodstock back in the summer, so we don't have any friends or family in the area, all of them were coming from out of town.
“In the end, everybody ended up cancelling except for one girl who's my other daughter's (Cecelia) friend,” they added.
When Amie moved to Woodstock somebody suggested that they join a Facebook group called Woodstock Mommies to meet people.
“I hadn't used it very much,” they said. “But I put out a post that said if you're in the area and you want to come to a birthday party, we have nobody here.”
Amie also put presents out on their front porch for guests to grab when they come in, because they didn't want them to feel obligated to bring anything.
Them post also featured a picture of their excited daughter sitting with a doll next to a table filled with snacks.
Then people started showing up.
“The response that we got was insane,” Amie said. “We had almost 25 people show up with their kids and they ended up having an amazing birthday party and meeting new friends.”
People of all ages showed up to attend Clementine's party, Amie said that they got the chance to meet a whole bunch of new people.
“At the end only one person brought in one of my gifts, everybody else brought something for them that they had purchased,” they said.
Amie said that they were only hoping for at least one person to show up.
“When the first came I cried,” they said. “She walked through the door and I was like, ‘Oh my god we have one person here.' If one person showed up I would have been ecstatic, just because they had one person their age that came. Then asecond person came, and a third and fourth and I thought, I'm going to run out of food.”
Clementine interacted with every kid who came and thanked everyone, Amie said, adding that they received amazing presents.
“People got their baby stuff, and she's obsessed with baby stuff,” Amie said. “So they really loved every moment of it.”
It ended up being a great birthday for Clementine.
bchessell@postmedia.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sharpspring Inc:
* SHARPSPRING INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $50 MILLION - SEC FILING
* SHARPSPRING INC IN ADDITION, OFFERING OF UP TO 746,288 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OFFERED BY SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS Source text: (bit.ly/2EzbnsH) Further company coverage:
Creep Show is former Czars frontman-turned-lovably sardonic disco king John Grant's new collaboration with the electro dance trio Wrangler (Stephen Mallinder, Phil Winter, and Benge). The group's debut album Mr. Dynamite was announced today along with their first release, “Pink Squirrel.”
“[Creep Show] sprang fully formed a couple of years ago but in truth had been bubbling away for decades in a petri dish containing spores of seventies sci-fi, post–punk electronic music, bad taste, broken synthesizers, luscious film soundtracks, and dubious band t-shirts,” Mallinder said about the new project. Sounds good to me.
Mr. Dynamite tracklist:
01 “Mr. Dynamite”
02 “Modern Parenting”
03 “Tokyo Metro”
04 “Endangered Species”
05 “K Mart Johnny”
06 “Pink Squirrel”
07 “Lime Ricky”
08 “Fall”
09 “Safe And Sound”
Mr. Dynamite is out 3/16 via Bella Union. Pre-order it here.
The 10th Lumière Festival in Lyon, France, is bringing the heritage film sectors of western and eastern Europe into focus as part of its International Classic Film Market (MIFC) this year, with a keynote by Sandra Den Hamer, director of the Netherlands' EYE Filmmuseum in Amsterdam, and a look at Poland's ambitious film restoration program.
As this year's “Great Witness,” Den Hamer will offer insights from their unique experience in both market co-ordination and festival management as they introduce the 6th edition of the Lumière Festival's MIFC, which runs Oct. 16-19. They will also take part in several events during the market.
Prior to joining the EYE Filmmuseum, Den Hamer served as the director of the Rotterdam Film Festival, from 2000 to 2007, as well as coordinator of CineMart and the Hubert Bals Fund.
As EYE director, Den Hamer oversees an institute that plays a key role in the Netherlands' film heritage and preservation sector as well as in cinematographic innovation and promotion.
The MIFC is also honoring Poland as this year's guest country. The Polish Film Institute in working closely with the country's leading film industry players on an ambitious project to restore 150 films in the next five years, thanks to the E.U.-funded Digital Poland Program. As part of the market focus on Poland, a panel discussion will be devoted to the country's film restoration program on Oct. 17.
Other key events this year include:
• A major networking lunch, which opens the market on Oct. 16.
• The heritage video publishers' showcase of upcoming releases, on Oct. 16.
• An exhibitors' program, which presents special screenings of heritage labeled titles, on Oct. 18. A Laboratory Focus, spotlighting recent lab restorations, on Oct. 18.
• A Laboratory Focus, spotlighting recent lab restorations, on Oct. 18.
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour, an environmental organization says.
After a review, Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health, and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment.
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break, or as solvents, and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers, children's toys, detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo.
Muhannad Malas, who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence, said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion.
They said one of the key differences is that in Europe, the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use.
They said Canada's law needs to be modernized.
Last June, the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, which governs the use of chemicals.
One of them was to mimic Europe's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it.
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and they said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018.
By The Canadian Press
Shaner Elementary in Topeka is one of three elementary schools ceasing elementary operations after this year, and the students there are planning to give it a proper sendoff.
“At Shaner, we're going to be holding a very special community publishing party,” said Communities in School coordinator Susan Ortega. “This is an opportunity for our students to sort of write a good-bye letter to Shaner, letting us know what their best memories and good times were, as well as if they have something they want to say to the building one last time before they head on to Jardine Academy.
The publishing party event is this coming Sunday, April 23rd from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. at the school.
“We want our community members, either former students or former staff members to come back in and really have a chance to share their memories, as well,” said Ortega. “At 2:30 on the day of our celebration, we're going to be recognizing all the former teachers and staff members.”
The Shaner group has been close knit from the beginning.
“We're talking about a student population that's been less than 190 students,” said Ortega. “When you consider some of the sizes of the other elementary schools in Topeka, that's actually a pretty small school. We only have 11 total classes in our entire building. Getting to have that sort of intimate contact with students where you get to see them on a daily basis and you learn every person's name, it's been amazing.”
Shaner, Bishop and Avondale West elementary students will combine to form Jardine Academy beginning this fall.
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian banks are expected to make profit of around 1.5 trillion roubles ($26.7 billion) in 2018 although the estimate could be revised down, Russia's Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday.
The central bank said last month the Russian banking sector's profit was at 790 billion roubles in 2017. ($1 = 56.2052 roubles) (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; writing by Maria Kiselyova; editing by Katya Golubkova)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. - A father of two young girls fought off a gunman during a Craigslist sale at their Virginia home on New Year's Eve.
CJ Harris said they placed an ad on Craigslist after their pit bull, "Bella," had eight puppies.
They said a man responded to the ad Tuesday and drove to Harris' home to purchase two of them.
"The first time there was no problem," Harris told WTVR. "He gave me the money, then they called me the next day and asked if I had any puppies left." "My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
Harris explained the man returned to their home, but brought along two other men and a gun.
"They gave me the money and I went into the kitchen put the money in the drawer," they said. "I came back into the living room, they point a gun at me and says, 'We have to have that back.'"
They said their three-year-old daughter was standing just feet away from the gunman in the living room, while their wife and 16-month-old were hiding in the kitchen.
Harris said they then began fighting the man who eventually ran out the door with the puppies while shooting at their family.
"My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
A bullet grazed Harris along the thigh, but they did not need medical attention. Bullets went through the walls and the refrigerator.
Harris said the shooting was a wake-up call and wanted to warn the public to be safer while organizing online sales.
"Be careful who you invite in your house," they said. "Definitely don't invite anybody in your house through Craigslist and do the sales in public places."
Police said they continue to investigate and search for the suspects.
The city of Paris' officials told the AFP that they have asked Airbnb and competing platforms to comply with new regulation. The Mayor's Office has flagged around 1,000 apartments that are not registered with the city.
Since December 1st, you have to register your apartment with the city if you want to list it on an online renting platform. This way, city officials can more easily track apartments and see if they comply with regulation.
In particular, you can't rent an apartment more than 120 days a year. Many renters also can't list their apartment on Airbnb unless the landlord is fine with it.
Now, hosts need to display a registration number on the Airbnb listing. There are currently 65,000 homes on Airbnb in Paris. Only 11,000 apartments have been registered so far according to the AFP.
So it seems like Paris wants to speed things up more than anything. While Airbnb is the elephant in the room, the city of Paris sent a letter to Airbnb, HomeAway, Paris Attitude, Sejourning and Windu.
Paris is Airbnb's biggest market. The company has made some promises, saying that Airbnb will automatically cap listings to 120 days per year.
But it doesn't stop people from listing their apartment on multiple websites. For a big tech company like Airbnb, it doesn't seem that hard to ask for a registration number as a mandatory field. But many hosts have yet to register. The company is buying time before the holiday season.
Like in many big cities, the city of Paris has been concerned about housing shortages and property price distortions. Hotel owners also see Airbnb as unfair competition.
Featured Image: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek/Getty Images
Rebellion, publisher of the “Sniper Elite” series, announced new VR game “Arca's Path” on Wednesday morning and released a teaser trailer.
“Arca's Path” follows a young girl who must make their way out of the dangerous labyrinth of Arca to find their way home. They must use skill and intuition to tear down the walls of the enchanting world of Arca. The intuitive play style of “Arca's Path” will not rely on using a controller.
The teaser trailer shows off the colorful and abstract world of Arca, but doesn't reveal much about gameplay.
Publisher Rebellion has released PC, console, mobile and online titles. “Arca's Path” will be their VR debut, and looks to be a bit of a departure from the studio's usual fare. As the publisher of “Aliens Vs. Predator” and the “Zombie Army Trilogy,” they usually aim to thrill with their titles.
Rebellion's newest title is being developed by Dream Reality Interactive. The London-based developer is best known for “PlayStation VR Worlds” and the augmented reality mobile game “Orbu.” They also developed the AR interactive book series “Wonderbook.”
“Arca's Path” will be demoed at E3 next month in Los Angeles, and will be coming to PlayStation VR, Steam VR, Oculus Rift, Oculus Go and Gear VR at an unspecified date later this year.
Rebellion and Dream Reality Interactive are just two of many studios set to demo new titles at E3 this year, which runs from June 12 to June 14.
KANKAKEE, Ill. (AP)  A sculpture of Abraham Lincoln's hand that was stolen from the Kankakee County Museum more than a year ago has been found in a local church.
The Daily Journal (http://bit.ly/2lMfF5k ) reports the plaster study by George Grey Barnard was discovered in the back of St. Rose of Lima Parish on Sunday afternoon.
A church usher found it in a bag with a note requesting that it be returned to the museum. The usher contacted museum director Connie Licon, who identified it as the lost piece Monday morning.
The sculpture was taken some time in December 2015. The museum has improved security since the incident, installing security cameras and adding glass cases over all the small pieces.
Advertisement
An investigation by the Kankakee police and the FBI is ongoing.
At first glance it may seem surprising that Financial Newsreaders are less concerned about Brexit now than they were a year ago.
The EU 27 may finally have agreed to start talking about trade. But over the last 12 months the odds of the two sides reaching a good deal for financial services have ballooned to the point where England retaining the Ashes looks more likely. In both cases many are now feeling a bit foolish they ever thought a win was possible in the first place.
...
By Scott T. Sterling
Controversial musician Kid Rock has come out in strong support of the women accusing powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment.
Related: Kid Rock Release Country Rocker ‘Tennessee Mountain Top'
Hollywood has been rocked by the reports of Weinstein's behavior which broke this week after years of rumors and innuendo.
“I do not know all the women who have come forward per the New York Times piece on Harvey Weinstein and I am not a fan of many of them, in many ways, especially of their politics (I am certain they are not too fond of me or mine as well!),” Rock wrote on their official website.
“But I applaud their courage to come forward and support them all 100%. Most of us in the entertainment business have heard of these disgusting stories for years about these scumbag heads of studios, record labels, Fortune 500 companies, etc and how they prey on young women and men, especially in Hollywood,” they continued.
“Why even comment on this and put my own neck out there in a fight that's not mine? For my granddaughter, my sisters, my mother, my fiancé, but mostly for the people who have no voice. And I am also not beholden or scared of anyone!,” the rocker added.
“Once again, I support you ladies and I am sure you will not be the last to come forward now that the dam has burst,” Kid Rock wrote at the end of the post. “I do wish for the most positive outcomes for all involved and for some real change in this disgusting space.”
See Kid Rock's full statement here.
Ronceverte Planning Commission will meet Wednesay, Aug. 16, at 11 a.m. in Ronceverte City Hall. On the agenda:
Permit requests
Other business
GOTEBORG, Sweden — After winning the Directing Award in the World Cinema Dramatic section of the Sundance Festival, Icelandic director Ísold Uggadóttir's feature debut “And Breathing Normally” will now compete for the Dragon Award for best Nordic film, which carries a cash-prize of SEK 1 million ($125,000), at Sweden's 41st Göteborg Intl. Film Festival.
Also scripted by Uggadóttir, “And Breathing Normally” was produced by Skúli Fr Malmquist for Iceland's Zik Zak Filmworks, with Swedish and Belgian co-producers, and is being handled internationally by Germany's The Match Factory.
Although it wasn't their first time at Sundance – their 2005 short “Family Reunion” also screened there – Ungadóttir especially enjoyed their more recent trip to the Rockies. “There, surrounded by such immense talent, I dared not even think about awards, but now I and my team couldn't be more thrilled,” they told Variety.
Starring Kristín Thóra Haraldsdóttir and Babetida Sadjo, the film tells the story of the intimate bond between two women, both trying to get their lives back on track – an Icelandic mother and a refugee from Guinea-Bissau, whose lives briefly intersect in Iceland as the result of unforeseen circumstances.
Related Göteborg: Festival's Nostradamus Report Asks if Current European Film Industry Can Survive Göteborg: Film i Väst's New Production Head Peter Possne on Making Big Films, Spending More Money on Them
While attending New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, Uggadóttir got their first taste of editing, which they still describe today as: “one of the most exciting areas of the filmmaking process.” It's also where they got their first job in cinema, editing for documentary films.
“I find myself drawn to telling stories of women, often minorities or underdogs, and I am particularly interested in fictional narratives imbued with a sense of social-realism – sexuality, trust, addiction, economic collapse,” Uggadóttir said. The rest of the conversation below:
How did you get interested in filmmaking?
I was always interested. As a teenager I would avidly document everything around me, trying to make video art with the family's Super8 camera. With no editing equipment, I would often play dramatic classical music during recordings to emphasize the emotion I was attempting to create.
When I was 20, there was no film school in Iceland, but an evening course made me absolutely ecstatic about cinema. Soon after, I discovered directors such as Mike Leigh and Todd Solondz, with ”Secrets and Lies” and ”Happiness” becoming early favorites; I also learned about Andrea Arnold, whom I still look to for inspiration.
I left Reykjavik for New York City and began studying Interactive Telecommunications. I opted for a program that allowed me to create digital and visual work. This took me into the editing room. This was where everything came together, this was where stories took their final shape.
And how did you get into the industry?
I eventually found a job editing documentary films – working nights, I spent the days at local bookstores browsing through every filmmaking book I could find. I had an insatiable appetite for everything and anything filmmaking related, and soon knew that I had to make one of my own. This was “Family Reunion,” a short shot in Iceland and New York in 2005, inspired by some of my own life experiences.
The film was selected for the Sundance Film Festival, which was a real turning point. Less than a year later, I was directing my second short, ”Committed,” which won the Icelandic Academy Awards. At last I knew that film directing would become my profession, so I went through the master's program at the Columbia Film School, before returning to Iceland to begin writing and funding my first feature.
How did “And Breathe Normally” come about?
While developing a story of an Icelandic woman struggling to make ends meet, I became a volunteer at the Icelandic Red Cross, where I met a woman from Uganda who was not only struggling financially, but battling the system to be given asylum on grounds of their sexuality. We became friends, and I was enraged and disturbed at what they told me.
Finally, I wanted to bring together two very different female characters , exploring how they would and could influence the lives of one another, and possibly form an unlikely bond, also shedding light on the dire circumstances of asylum seekers in Iceland. We shot the film on Iceland's Reykjanes peninsula in 2016, with an international crew of Icelanders, Swedes, Poles, Belgians and immigrant first-time actors.
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Boeing proposed to the Brazilian government on Thursday night a deal excluding Embraer's defense business from a new vehicle for a partnership between the two planemakers, a Brazilian government source with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Friday.
Another Brazilian government source earlier told Reuters that the latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing (BA.N) and Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) would include the creation of a third company.
Who's New
Prison seeks dismissal of guards FMLA suits A Lackawanna County Prison guard who was fired for refusing overtime is not entitled to protection under the Family Medical Leave Act, an attorney for the county says in court papers. (read more)
A building with flair FORTY Forts — When Eric Kuhn and Zach Graham decided to open a stylish men's clothing store, they were drawn to a unique and artsy building in Forty Forts. (read more)
Cash-strapped NEPA Philharmonic cancels season Facing a broken financial model, the Northeastern Pennsylvania Philharmonic canceled the upcoming season to buy time to reevaluate the organization's finances. (read more)
Published:
National Chairman of the Progressives Congress (APC) John Odigie Oyegun has said the party would win the 2018 governorship poll in Ekiti state.
Oyegun noted this on Monday during the party's membership drive in Ado-Ekiti, the state capital. According to him, President Muhammadu Buhari would not interfere in the July 14 election in the state.
"I am happy with APC in Ekiti with the level of mobilization from our aspirants,” Oyegun added.“You have shown that you are desirous to join the progressive fold. We didn't choose Ekiti for the flag off of this programme by accident.
"We must know that Ekiti is facing one of the most important elections in our history. God has put the victory on our laps, they have put it in our hands and we must not lose it.”
They added that, "We at the national headquarters have decided that this election is one that we will work hard, leave no stone unturned, because to us is a must-win election.
"As you know, President Buhari won't alter or compromise the outcome of the election, this shows Ekiti will have a free and fair election, so we must be united and work hard to achieve victory together.
"Though we are in power at the centre, that doesn't mean that we should not work hard. President Muhahmmadu Buhari as you know him, will not rigour compromise or subvert the will of the electorate. So, we must work hard to deserve the victory that will come to us.”
Share This
New mom Tori Spelling has had $700,000 docked from their bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien.
The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star, daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling, and their husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time, and last summer, the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014.
According to the New York Post's Page Six, that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean's accounts.
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled their support case with their ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, after they were threatened with jail if they failed to pay up.
Tori and Dean, who welcomed their fifth child in early March, are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts, and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan.
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice' Pause
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
1:08 Council's, historic burger joint in downtown Bradenton, reopens for business
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
A 66-year-old man was charged in a hit-and-run on Wolf Road in northwest suburban Des Plaines where two pedestrians were struck, one fatally.Police said Henry Houston was driving the vehicle that hit two men around 6:05 a.m. Tuesday who were crossing Wolf Road near Jarvis Avenue. Roman Polniak, 52, of the 3000-block of Haussen Avenue in Chicago, and a 56-year-old man from Cicero had just gotten off a Pace bus and were on their way to work.Some people stopped to call 911 and help the men, who were left lying the street. Police said the driver of the "white work van" did not stop. One of the men said they "looked both ways" before they crossed the road.Both men were transported to Lutheran General Hospital, where Polniak later died. The 56-year-old man was treated and held overnight for non-life-threatening injuries, police said.Officers found the vehicle involved in the hit-and-run in a parking lot in the 2000-block of Clearwater Avenue in Des Plaines several hours after wrapping up their investigation on Wolf Road.Police identified Houston, of the 1100-block of South Frontage Avenue in Chicago, as the driver. They were charged with leaving the scene of an accident involving death, a felony.  They are due in Bond Court Wednesday in Skokie.
Italian director Laura Bispuri, whose transgender-themed “Sworn Virgin” was a 2015 Berlinale competition standout, will shoot Sardinia-set motherhood drama “Daughter of Mine,” about a young girl torn between their natural mother and their adoptive one.
Germany's The Match Factory is on board as both co-producer and world sales agent.
Principal photography is scheduled to start this summer on “Daughter,” which centers around a 9-year-old girl who, while living an apparently ordinary family life, meets a woman who lives nearby and gradually discovers that this woman is their real mother. This prompts a competition for their affection between their adoptive mother and the biological one. “The girl is torn between the two,” said producer Gregorio Paonessa, co-chief of Rome's Vivo Film.
Two A-list Italian actores, whose names are still being kept under wraps, will play the antagonistic mothers.
Paonessa pointed out that this “very contemporary theme” is “set against an archaic backdrop in terms of its setting, which should provide the film's universal aspect. We are in the present, but in rural Sardinia, the island's outback, in a landscape which is almost like the Far West,” they noted.
“This film is totally in line with Laura's journey as a director,” Paonessa said. “Her films have always been meditations on the female condition. In the first one it was gender identity, now they are taking further a step and tackling the theme of maternity.”
Bispuri has cited adopted American writer A.M. Homes's memoir “The Mistress's Daughter” as a source of inspiration.
Vivo Film, which also produced “Sworn Virgin,” is producing “Daughter” with financing from Rai Cinema, as well as from the Italian culture ministry, and the Sardinia Film Commission, and in co-production with The Match Factory, Swiss shingle Bord Cadre Films, and a yet-to-be-named French partner, with whom they are in final talks.
The project, penned by Bispuri and their regular co-writer Francesca Manieri, was at the Berlinale Co-Production Market.
“Sworn Virgin,” which was Bispuri's first feature, travelled widely. After bowing in Berlin it won Tribeca's Nora Ephron prize and was distributed by Strand Releasing in the U.S.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Top scorers of the English premier league on Sunday 2 Sam Vokes (Burnley) Steve Mounie (Huddersfield Town) Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) Romelu Lukaku (Manchester United) 1 Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) Alexandre Lacazette (Arsenal) Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) Stephen Ward (Burnley) David Luiz (Chelsea) Alvaro Morata (Chelsea) Wayne Rooney (Everton) Shinji Okazaki (Leicester City) Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) Sadio Mane (Liverpool) Mohamed Salah (Liverpool) Sergio Aguero (Manchester City) Anthony Martial (Manchester United) Paul Pogba (Manchester United) Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) Ben Davies (Tottenham Hotspur) Miguel Britos (Watford) Abdoulaye Doucoure (Watford) Stefano Okaka Chuka (Watford) Ahmed Hegazy (West Bromwich Albion)
Khushal Express 19/Up and 20/Down plying between Peshawar and Karachi was the only source of the people of area to get to Karachi and other cities of the country but due to abolishing of its stop at Injra Railway Station, the people who intend to travel Karachi or Peshawar are suffering badly. It is worth mentioning that the people of the area who intend to travel Karachi or other cities of the country not only suffer but railways' department has also deprived of the large portion of income to be earned from the large numbers of travellers boarding on and off at Injra Railway Station owing to abolishing of Khushal Express Stop.
Moreover, thousands of students from different parts of the country have no option except travelling through Khushal Express also experience a lot of difficulties to get to their Jamah-i-Paracha Injra for studying Islamic Education. The Federal Minister for Railways and high-ups of railways department are requested to restore the abolished stop of Khushal Express at Injra Railway Station in the larger interest of people of the area.
FAREED AHMED KHAN
Attock
Related
MIRPUR (AJK), Feb 15 (APP): The Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir Raja Farooq Haider Khan has categorically said that vanishing of Act – 1974, the interim constitution of Azad Jammu & Kashmir is the top priority of their popularly-elected government in order to ensure due empowerment of the AJK government in letter and spirit in all sectors.
They were addressing the news conference at the PWD Rest House here Tuesday.
They were flanked by several of their cabinet colleagues including minister for MDA sports and culture Ch. Muhammad Saeed, Senior minister Ch. Tariq Farooq, MLA Ch. Rukhsar Ahmed and their local party colleagues.
It would strengthen the Kashmir freedom struggle, speedy progress of AJK through self reliance of huge local resources and address of local issues in minimum possible time, they added.
Raja Farooq Haider Khan continued that introduction of much-awaited constitutional amendments in interim Act 1974, what they called, the ‘gift' of late Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto to the people of AJK, through complete departure of the existing interim constitution in the near future, will lead to the major reform of the existing shape of the interim constitution of Azad Jammu Kashmir.
The Act 1974 stabbed the due rights of the people of AJK who were denied their legitimate rights through this interim constitution”, the AJK Prime Minister observed.
To a question, the Prime Minister said that the AJK government and the PML-N led government of Pakistan were on the same page regarding the introduction of upcoming constitutional reforms in AJK.
They disclosed that a constitutional reforms committee headed by a federal minister has so far been constituted to bring about the much-needed due amendments in Act 1974, the interim constitution of the AJK State.
They said that Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif was also fully agreed to bring about the amendments in AJK's constitution.
Raja Farooq Haider Khan said that the proposed constitutional amendments in AJK would further strengthen the deep rooted bondages and relationship of the people of Jammu & Kashmir with Pakistan, the ultimate destination of the people of the State through more cohesion and solidarity, they declared.
The media had invited the attention of the much-awaited amendments in the interim constitution of AJK – Act 1974 – which were shelved in the former AJK Legislative Assembly of AJK during the outgoing PPP-led coalition government in the State despite the emergence of a parliamentary committee comprising the members from both treasury and opposition benches because of the reported total lack of interest by then PPP regime both at Pakistan and AJK.
Underlining other priorities of their government to bring AJK at the path of good government, speedy progress and priorities, alleviation of poverty and unemployment, the Prime Minister Farooq Haider said that through the proposed broad-based youth employment policy, educated youth will be provided jobs, purely on merit, in hydel power, tourism and industrial sectors – since a conducive environment was already available in AJK through the availability of huge natural resources in these fields.
They revealed that AJK was being blessed with one of eight mega industrial zones being established under the CPEC, the gigantic project of socio economic progress and prosperity in Pakistan – since AJK has also been added in the mega project, they added.
They said that the construction of grand dual carriage expressway on Mansehra-Muzaffarabad-Bhibher-Mirpur-Mangla route under the CPEC will open new avenues of speedy economic progress and prosperity in the liberated territory.
Farooq Haider disclosed that Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has principally agreed to the recent proposals tabled by the AJK government, during their recent visit to AJK about the grant of due rights to AJK including the due royalty of Mangla dam and the upcoming 969 megawatt Neelam Jhelum Hydel Power project located in Mirpur and Muzaffarabad districts respectively.
Unveiling the proposed tourism uplift plan in AJK authored by their government, the AJK Prime Minister said that Mirpur will soon bless with a grand network of roads especially the coastlines to be constructed on the periphery of picturesque Mangla dam lake.
They revealed that the proposed coastline along Mangla reservoir belt will attract local and foreign tourism generating the per annum income of at least Rs. 30 billion.
“The soil of this city expatriates will release gold after the execution of the above projects of mass public welfare because of the peaceful environment and cultured stature of the people of this district”, Haider said.
Farooq Haider said that Board of Investment (BOI) was also being established in AJK in order to attract maximum investments in tourism and industrial sector in the State where mega industrial estates were also available in twin districts of Mirpur and Bhimbher.
In order to meet the long standing demand by the Mirpur population, Sui natural gas will soon be supplied in rest parts of Mirpur city in the near future, added the AJK Prime Minister.
They said that initial required staff has reached Mirpur for the establishment of a full fledge Mirpur regional office of SNGPL on the move of the AJK government for execution of second and last phase for the supply of natural gas to rest parts of the city which were still lying without this natural asset of immediate need, they added.
The Prime Minister said that MDA would soon be scanned through its massive restructuring and reforms to ensure the restoration of this institution to make it objective and vibrant through removal of corruption from its roots.
Haider declared that the political perpetrators of massive corruption in the infamous ‘MDA-sponsored Jinnah Town's scam, will also be penalized – besides the officials involved in the scandal through the ruthless course of accountability in the near future.
PanARMENIAN.Net - China successfully launched on Thursday, June 15 its first X-ray space telescope to study black holes, pulsars and gamma-ray bursts, state media reported, according to AFP.
A Long March-4B rocket carried the 2.5-tonne telescope into orbit from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China's Gobi Desert at 11:00 am (3:00 GMT), according to the official Xinhua news agency
The Hard X-ray Modulation Telescope (HXMT), named Insight, will allow Chinese scientists to observe magnetic fields and the interiors of pulsars and better understand the evolution of black holes.
It will also help scientists search for gamma-ray bursts corresponding to gravitational waves and study how to pulsars can be used for spacecraft navigation, Xinhua said.
"Insight is expected to push forward the development of space astronomy and improve space X-ray detection technology in China," Xinhua said.
Beijing sees its multi-billion-dollar space programme as a symbol of its rise and of the Communist Party's success in turning around the fortunes of the once poverty-stricken nation.
In April, China's first cargo spacecraft successfully docked with an orbiting space lab -- a key development toward China's goal of having its own crewed space station by 2022.
Working outside an office may spare you from commutes and interruptions by colleagues but it also makes you more vulnerable to unpaid overtime, stress and insomnia, the UN said Wednesday.
A new report from the United Nations International Labour Organization studied the impacts of working remotely, with technological advances continuing to revolutionise conceptions of the workplace.
Based on data taken from 15 countries, the ILO found that employees were more productive while outside of a conventional office but noted it also brought risks of "longer working hours, higher work intensity and work-home interference."
The report drew distinctions between employees who regularly work at home, highly mobile people constantly working in different locations and those who split time between an office and another site.
All three of those groups reported higher stress levels and more incidents of insomnia than those who always work at their employer's premises.
For example, 41 percent of highly mobile employees said they felt some degree of stress, a figure that was 25 percent for office workers.
A full 42 percent of people who always work from home or from multiple locations reported suffering from insomnia, compared to 29 percent for people who work at their employer's site.
Overall, there were clear risks linked to "the encroachment of work into spaces and times normally reserved for personal life," the report said.
But co-author Jon Messenger encouraged employers to try letting staff work offsite part time.
"Two to three days working from home seems to be that sweet spot", they told reporters in Geneva.
There is evidence that people need some face-to-face contact with colleagues, but there are times when physical isolation and autonomy offers the best scenario for successfully completing a task.
In some contexts, notably including India, evidence suggested that employer's were reluctant to let their staff work remotely because "it involves ceding an element of control" which makes "managers feel threatened", Messenger said.
ILO urged governments to develop policies for governing evolutions in workspace, calling attention to a new French labour code provision that enshrines "the right to be disconnected" and a growing practice among some companies to shut down servers to stop emails during designated rest times and holidays.
The ILO report was co-authored by the Dublin-based research group Eurofound and incorporated data from 10 European Union countries, as well as Argentina, Brazil, India, Japan and the United States. DM
Indians' Francisco Lindor reacts after hitting a grand slam off New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green during the sixth inning on Friday. (Photo: Phil Long, Associated Press)
Cleveland — They've won this season in almost every way imaginable: comebacks, walk-offs, blowouts, nail-biters.
No. 104 for the Cleveland Indians topped them all.
Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as Cleveland rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 on Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Despite an atrocious start by ace Corey Kluber, losing slugger Edwin Encarnacion with a severely sprained ankle in the first and facing the possibility of playing their final game at home, the Indians, with some help from a call that went their way, continued a charmed season growing more and more special by the day.
“The tendency of this team is to never give up,” Kluber said. “Even when we were down 8-3, we didn't believe the game was over. We never feel like we're out of a game.”
Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second. Gomes went to a full count before pulling their bouncer just inside the third-base bag, easily scoring Jackson and touching off another one of those wild celebrations inside Progressive Field, where the Indians have been so good while running away with their division and winning 22 straight.
As Jackson sprinted home, Cleveland's players poured out of the dugout and mobbed Gomes at the conclusion of a wild, 5-hour, 8-minute thriller that featured 14 pitchers and a call that may haunt Yankees manager Joe Girardi for months.
“We just were supposed to win,” said Indians outfielder Jay Bruce, who hit a game-tying homer in the eighth. “No words, honestly. I'm speechless.”
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland, which will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium. Carlos Carrasco will start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka, who will try to extend New York's season.
The Yankees had their chances late, but they stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th — and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th by Gomes from the behind the plate.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win as Francona ran out of relievers in a game started by their best pitcher.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. They said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting they should've contested the call, but it was too late.
“There was nothing that told us they were not hit by the pitch,” Girardi said.
New York catcher Gary Sanchez said they heard something, but wasn't sure what. Sanchez caught the pitch on a fly — it would've been strike three if it had been ruled a foul tip — and immediately pointed to the Yankees dugout, indicating they should consider challenging the call.
Girardi nodded and held up a finger, asking for time to make a decision.
“I didn't think it hit him, because they never reacted,” Sanchez said through a translator. “He stood there. But it's just stuff that happens in the game.”
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7. Before they left the batter's box, Lindor gave their shot some help.
“As soon as I hit it, I knew it had a chance of going out,” Lindor said. “Then after a couple of steps, I was like, ‘No, don't go foul, please. Just stay fair.' I started blowing on it a little bit. As soon as it went out, it was just a lot of emotions.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first postseason slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with their homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest postseason game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled them after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as they slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave them a polite ovation and several teammates approached them to offer consolation.
“I threw too many balls,” Kluber said. “And when I'd throw strikes, they were right over the plate.”
(At) Houston 8, Boston 2: Carlos Correa homered, doubled and drove in four runs, Jose Altuve got two more hits and the Astros hammered the Red Sox to take a commanding 2-0 lead.
George Springer also homered to help Dallas Keuchel coast in Houston's second straight romp by the exact same score.
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park.
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener, they got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz. Correa, who went 0-for-4 on Thursday, made it 2-0 when they launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field.
Keuchel pitched into the sixth, allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. film and TV studio The Weinstein Company, whose ex-Chairman Harvey Weinstein has been accused of sexual harassment and assault, said on Monday it filed for bankruptcy and was ending all non-disclosure agreements that may have silenced some women.
FILE PHOTO: Harvey Weinstein speaks at the UBS 40th Annual Global Media and Communications Conference in New York, NY, U.S. on December 5, 2012. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
The Weinstein Company filed for bankruptcy in the Delaware court, listing $500 million to $1 billion in liabilities and $500 million to $1 billion in assets, and said it struck a deal with an affiliate of private equity firm Lantern Capital Partners to acquire its assets. bit.ly/2prGdNm
The bankruptcy comes after the studio spent months looking for a buyer or investor. The company inked a deal with an investor group led by former Obama administration official Maria Contreras-Sweet, but the group terminated its offer earlier this month after seeing that the company had more liabilities than previously disclosed.
The Weinstein Company said in a statement it entered into a “stalking horse” agreement with a Lantern Capital affiliate, that would purchase substantially all of the assets of the company.
The offer from Lantern will set the floor for higher and better bidders in a court-supervised auction.
Lions Gate Entertainment Corp had made an earlier offer for some of the company's assets, as had Qatar-owned film company Miramax, which was founded by Harvey Weinstein and their brother Bob Weinstein. Both could be among potential bidders in the auction.
More than 70 women accused the company's co-founder, Harvey Weinstein, who was one of Hollywood's most influential men, of sexual misconduct, including rape. Weinstein has denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.
“Since October, it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers. Effective immediately, those ‘agreements' end,” the company said in an emailed statement.
Movie producer Killer Content also said bankruptcy would be the best option for the company, and that it may be interested in the studio's assets in a bankruptcy auction.
In February, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sued The Weinstein Company, Harvey Weinstein and their brother Bob Weinstein, alleging that Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed employees and the company failed to respond. Bob Weinstein co-founded the company and is the co-chairperson.
“This is a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace,” Schneiderman said in a statement after the company's announcement on Monday.
Launched in October 2005, the studio produced and distributed critically acclaimed hits including “The King's Speech” and “Silver Linings Playbook,” as well as TV series such as long-running fashion reality competition “Project Runway.”
Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot. The Dallas Morning News via AP Ron Baselice
New Bucks logo is sitting outside the new arena.
Bucks President Peter Feigin explaining that the statue glows and can be seen from far away.
The new jumbotron is equipped with the latest pixels and graphics.
All seats are ready to be sat in.
The new arena is almost ready for fans.
The new structure provides a comfort to the entire building.
Every seat has a great view.
Miller Lite will be available to all fans during the games.
The entire arena has an open feel.
The Miller bar is under construction.
Food and refreshments will available to fans without them venturing far from their seats.
Another view of the new Bucks arena.
The floor is missing one important thing, the name of the arena.
Each level has a better view of the arena.
The upper concourse has a bar as well.
The Silver Bullet needs a tad of work before opening day.
View from the upper concourse.
One of the tower suites that hold up to 30 people.
More of the tower suite.
The highest area for fans to socialize and watch the game in the arena.
Club lights were added to give the standing area a lively feel.
Bucks President Peter Feigin said the standing area is "one blank canvas of a very cool area."
“You have to stay patient and diligent there,” Eagles coach Doug Pederson said. “That's something we've been able to do all season long. It's something we stay committed to.”
Jay Ajayi, former Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount and Corey Clement led the NFL's third-best rushing offence and the Eagles were first in time of possession.
The Eagles (15-3) have a multi-dimensional, ball-control offence capable of chewing the clock and forcing No. 12 to be a spectator.
That's not a news flash. But the good news for Eagles fans and everyone roots against Brady, Bill Belichick and the Patriots in Sunday's Super Bowl is that Philadelphia has the ingredients to do it.
BLOOMINGTON, MINN.—The best formula for success against the New England Patriots is to keep Tom Brady on the sideline and harass them when he's on the field.
Foles proved in the NFC championship game they can make quick-strike plays with three passes of 40-plus yards against the league's top-ranked defence. Two of those were TD tosses of 53 yards to Alshon Jeffery and 41 yards to Torrey Smith.
The Eagles have a versatile passing attack with several receivers who create matchup problems. Carson Wentz threw for 3,296 yards and 33 touchdown passes before they tore their ACL in Week 14 and Nick Foles has eight TD passes, including playoffs.
Pro Bowl tight end Zach Ertz and slot receiver Nelson Agholor are other options. Tight end Trey Burton, who also lines up at fullback in certain short-yardage situations, had five TD catches this season.
“You can't just stop one guy,” Patriots safety Devin McCourty said. “You can't go out there and say, ‘if we just limit Jeffery or if we just limit Ertz that won't matter.' They have a lot of different guys out there that can beat you.”
Foles has been adept at making the right calls on run-pass option plays, making it even more difficult for defences facing Philadelphia.
“It's hard because you have to defend every inch of the field,” McCourty said. “Each guy has to do their job on the play. We can't have guys doing things that don't fit the defence.”
On the opposite side of the ball, defensive co-ordinator Jim Schwartz has an aggressive unit. Nobody runs on Philadelphia's defence. It was No. 1 against the run and didn't allow a 100-yard rusher until Ezekiel Elliott had 103 in Week 17 against backups and third-stringers.
The Patriots (15-3) rely mainly on Brady's arm, even though Dion Lewis had 896 yards rushing and James White was a Super Bowl hero last year. But Brady can't throw if they don't have time and the Eagles have a dominant front four led by Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham.
The line often generates enough pressure that Schwartz doesn't have to blitz much and there's enough depth with Chris Long, Vinny Curry, Tim Jernigan and Beau Allen that guys stay fresh in the fourth quarter.
Safety Malcolm Jenkins is a physical presence in the secondary and cornerbacks Ronald Darby and Jalen Mills are solid cover guys.
“They have a great defence,” Brady said. “It's as good as any we've faced all year. They have a great scheme that mixes in well with their coverages.”
If the game comes down to a field goal, rookie kicker Jake Elliott has a strong leg. They kicked a 61-yarder at the end of regulation to beat the Giants in Week 3 and is 6 of 7 from beyond 50 yards.
The Eagles shouldn't be tight and they're not intimidated by the Patriots. They're a loose, relaxed group that has embraced their underdog role throughout the playoffs and overcame injuries to several key players.
“Greatest quarterback of all time, but that doesn't mean that he's unbeatable,” Jenkins said of Brady. “We're not worried. We match up well.”
Former Houston Rockets coach Kevin McHale, working as an analyst on NBA TV, declared that superstar James Harden "is not a leader" while praising the franchise's acquisition of Chris Paul.
"James can see all the passes and do everything, but James is not a leader," McHale said as part of a panel on NBA TV. "He tried being a leader last year, tried doing all that stuff. I think Chris Paul is going to help them just kind of get back into just being able to hoop and play and stuff like that.
"On every team, you have to have a voice. On every team, you have to have somebody that when they say something, people listen. Like if James tells you, 'You've got to play better D,' are you going to listen to him? I lived through it. Believe me, everybody in the locker room did this [put their head down with their hand on their forehead]. Every time they mentioned defense, everybody would put their head down."
The Rockets fired McHale in November 2015, when they were 11 games into a three-year, $12 million extension they signed in the wake of Houston's 56-win season and run to the Western Conference finals. Rockets management denied speculation at the time that Harden called for McHale's firing. The Rockets finished that season 41-41, snapping a nine-year run of winning campaigns, but rebounded last season to go 55-27 with Mike D'Antoni winning Coach of the Year honors.
Houston, in an effort to close the gap on the Golden State Warriors, orchestrated a trade for Paul after Harden recruited the nine-time All-Star, who would have opted out of the final season of their contract if the LA Clippers hadn't agreed to deal them to the Rockets. General manager Daryl Morey and D'Antoni have cited the desire to ease the playmaking burden on Harden as the primary reason for trading for Paul. McHale believes Harden will benefit from Paul's leadership ability as well.
Kevin McHale was fired by the Rockets 11 games into the 2015-16 season. Rockets management denied speculation that James Harden called for McHale's firing. Bob Levey/Getty Images
"Chris Paul is going to push him, too," McHale said. "When they do that stab in the backcourt, doesn't get a foul, looking at the referee, not running back, Chris Paul is going to jump their butt. That's going to make them a better player.
"I just think Chris Paul will be good for James Harden. It will allow them to just be what they are, which is a phenomenal basketball player, not trying to lead a team. That's just not their personality."
McHale, who had a 193-130 record with the Rockets, also made comments that could be construed as critical of Harden before last season. McHale expressed skepticism about Harden's transition to point guard -- a take that was proved wrong when Harden led the league with 11.2 assists per game.
"You are who you are a lot of times," McHale said during a conference call last October. "Can you change and be a facilitator first? I don't know. Kevin Garnett, a guy I go way, way back with -- Kevin Garnett was always a pass-first player. They were a pass-first player their first day of practice when they were with the Minnesota Timberwolves.
"James is a scorer, and at the end of the day, you do fall back on what you are. James is a scorer at heart. Can you change that? ... Can you be something that you're really not for an entire 82-game season? He's a great facilitator, great passer, and they have great vision -- they really are a scorer as a basketball player."
Ivanka Trump, a senior advisor to President Trump, this morning visited a high-tech center where central Iowa high school students are working on projects for local businesses.
“This is an unbelievable example of innovation in education,” Trump said, “and pairing the skills being taught in a classroom environment with the jobs in demand in the modern economy.”
Trump met with students in two classrooms to see what they called their “work of the future.”
“I was personally very excited to see so many young ladies who were here today because women and minorities have been traditionally underrepresented in STEM fields,” Trump said. “And, as we embark on the fourth industrial revolution, it's critical that trajectory changes.”
After the tour, Trump sat down for a longer discussion with state officials, teachers, people from businesses involved in the center and students. One student said they had a “light bulb moment” when working on a construction site that has changed their perspective on what they can do after high school.
Trump replied that they had a “special place in my heart construction,” prompting the crowd to laugh. “My old life as a builder — I understand why you're passionate about it.”
Trump promised “a very important component” of the president's infrastructure proposal would be investment in broadband for rural Americans.
“To be able to innovate and grow their businesses and develop themselves,” Trump said, “by being connected.”
Trump also said efforts were underway to ease federal regulations for apprenticeships and expand the federal work-study program to more employers.
AUDIO of discussion, 40:00
Republican Governor Kim Reynolds hosted Trump, starting with an early morning breakfast at the governor's mansion, then the tour of classrooms at what's called the APEX center in Waukee. Reynolds pressed for changes in federal college grant programs — so the grants could be used by high schoolers who take classes at community colleges.
After Trump left, Reynolds told reporters they hope the “First Daughter” takes that idea back to Washington.
“Really providing flexibility to states, so that we can be innovative and think outside of the box,” Reynolds said.
Trump did not take questions from reporters. Before they arrived, students and staff at the center were warned if they asked Trump questions about politics or “current events,” they'd be escorted out by the Secret Service.
The Iowa Democratic Party held a counterprotest at a city park in Waukee, accusing Ivanka Trump and Reynolds of pursuing an agenda that “puts special interests ahead of workers.” The chairperson of the Iowa Democratic Party said while is “claiming to care” about American workers, they outsourced production of Ivanka Trump-branded shoes to China.
John Carpenter has pursued a variety of artistic endeavors over the last several years, from their two solo albums to a successful world tour to a partnership with Blumhouse and David Gordon Green for their forthcoming Halloween project due out next year. He's also tapped to produce two new television series alongside Universal Cable Productions, including an adaptation of Simon R. Green's Nightside series and an anthology series based on Carpenter's own Tales for a Halloween Night graphic novel.
That's all great and everything, but fans have been itching to see Carpenter get behind the camera again. Aside from a few shorts, they haven't directed anything since 2010's The Ward. That's about to change, however, as it looks like Carpenter is set to direct a TV pilot from David Hayter, the writer behind the first two X-Men movies. This news comes from Hayter himself, who dropped the bomb during a panel at the Manchester MCM Comic Con.
(Read: Ranking: Every John Carpenter Movie from Worst to Best)
“I'm doing a TV show, I'm writing and producing a TV show, that John Carpenter is directing the pilot for,” Hayter said. “So I'm working with John Carpenter now.”
Hayter didn't reveal much else, but they did that more information is forthcoming. “We are taking it out to networks,” they said. “So hopefully it'll be announced very soon.”
Watch the full panel below via Super Nerds UK.
PRESS RELEASE – BANK of Saint Lucia (BOSL) continues to honour its commitment to the National Community Foundation (NCF). At the recently-held National Telethon on May 28, BOSL volunteers donned in signature orange t-shirts were the first to man the pledge telephone lines.
The orange army members were happy to fulfill their role in soliciting and receiving pledges, as all parties worked toward achieving the fundraising target. BOSL also proudly announced its generous contribution of EC$20,000 in support of the Foundation's community programmes.
The Bank has been a loyal supporter of the NCF since its inception in 2002, when it donated an initial EC$20,000. Since the NCF began hosting its Annual National Telethon, the Bank of Saint Lucia and parent company, ECFH, have contributed just shy of EC$300,000 and have been partners ever since.
BOSL's consistent support of the NCF is in keeping with its corporate social commitment to the socio-economic improvement of all Saint Lucians, particularly the vulnerable among us. The Bank extends special thanks to the many persons who pledged during the telethon and continues to support the work of the NCF.
The University of Alabama planned to suspend normal operations Monday evening because of a severe weather threat.
The school said in a news release that operations would be suspended from 6:30 p.m. until midnight. That means classes and campus activities scheduled during that window are canceled.
University libraries were set to close at 6:30 p.m. and some dining halls were set to close early.
Campus shelters were open to students, faculty and staff at North Campus Storm Shelter, East Campus Storm Shelter and the Magnolia Parking Deck. The Magnolia Parking Deck accepts pets accompanied by their owners.
The university plans to provide updates on Twitter at @UA_Safety.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Aug 8 (Reuters) - Eloro Resources Ltd:
* Eloro provides an update on the La Victoria Gold Silver Project, Peru Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Paris
At least five people died in an incident during which two French military helicopters belonging to an army flight training school crashed in southern France.
The incident took place around halfway between Marseille and Nice on Friday. Security sources and a local authority official put the death toll at five, although that is yet to be confirmed.
According to regional newspaper Var-Matin, emergency services have set up a crisis center to coordinate the search and rescue effort.
The choppers were both of the Gazelle type, a French five-seat helicopter commonly used for light transport, scouting, and light attack duties, reports indicated.
There were no immediate details on what caused the crash.—Agencies
2017 Michigan II: Richard Childress Racing NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Posted by: newsla on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:50 AM 2017 Michigan II: Richard Childress Racing NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Solid Performance by Austin Dillon and the No. 3 Dow Automotive Magna Team Earns RCR A Seventh-Place Finish at Michigan International Speedway
"We needed that finish. The guys did a good job. This team has come a long, long way in the past couple of weeks. The Dow Automotive Magna Chevrolet was very drivable throughout the race, we just needed a little more speed to really get after it. We had good pit strategy and adjusted the car well. It's been a while since we've had a race car capable of doing something. RCR has been working hard and we need to hit our stride right when we get to the start of the playoffs. Kyle Larson's win officially locked us into the playoffs, taking a little bit of pressure off of our backs now."
- Austin Dillon
Paul Menard's Day Ends Early After Contact Damages Oil Cooler on Dutch Boys / Menards Chevrolet
"We were fighting hard on that late restart to get the free pass and we got caught up with Michael McDowell off Turn 2. I was able to drive the Dutch Boy / Menards Chevrolet back to Matt Borland and the crew, but the damage to the nose knocked the oil cooler back and we had to push it back to the garage. I hate it for our team, and for all of our Dutch Boy guests here today who have shown us so much support throughout this entire season."
- Paul Menard
Strong Restart and Pit Strategy Lead to Fourth-Place Finish for Ryan Newman and No. 31 VELVEETA Shells & Cheese Chevy
"We definitely didn't have the best race car at the beginning of the race and had to work on it during our pit stops through Stage 1 and 2. Luke (Lambert, crew chief) put together a really great strategy by staying out late and hoping for a caution during the final stage. We got a little lucky, had a heck of a pit stop and a strong restart. Sometimes that's how these races unfold. We're super happy with a top-five finish but we feel that we've got some work to do to make our race cars faster. The good news is we have a few more races before the playoffs begin to get it right."
- Ryan Newman
PaddockTalk Perspective
Washington Post: “The role in Trump's inner sanctum is, by some measures, a surprising spot for Priebus. After the party's 2012 defeat, the party chairperson presided over an autopsy report that called for courting minorities by, among other things, embracing looser immigration laws. Trump, who campaigned on building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and endorsed mass deportations, effectively rejected the recommendation — and won anyway.”
“The power-sharing dynamic between Priebus and their new colleagues looks worrisome to those who have had Priebus's title in prior administrations. Some predict flatly that it will not work.”
FORESTVILLE -
Norfolk staff has been told to go easy on an elderly Forestville couple who've been tripped up by a potentially expensive bit of red tape.
Earl “Sandy” Gee and their wife Wendy have been living in a granny flat on the West Quarter Line in Forestville for nearly 20 years.
Under provincial law, individuals and families that have been living in a granny flat for 20 years must re-apply to the municipality for certification. This is like starting over again with a new application. In Norfolk, the cost of doing so is $2,235.
“As senior citizens, we would like to stay in our home,” the couple said last month in a letter to the county. “We are not ready for a nursing home and we cannot afford the application fee.”
Norfolk council has never encountered a situation like this. Granny flat residents rarely live in one for 20 years.
Council does not want to be associated with any action that could be construed as harassing an elderly couple on a fixed income.
At Tuesday's meeting, Port Rowan Coun. Noel Haydt referenced the example of a Waterford senior who spent six months in jail in 2014 for defying Norfolk County on building code and fire code issues at an Alice Street apartment building.
“What are we going to do if they can't pay the fee?” Haydt asked. “Send over bylaw officers and give them the boot? Send them to jail for six months?”
The situation poses a dilemma because the provisions of the Planning Act are clear and council cannot give people preferential treatment.
“We don't want to throw anybody out but we want to be fair to everybody,” Windham Coun. Jim Oliver said.
The Gees applied to the Township of Delhi for their granny flat in 1996. The couple took up residence there in 1999. The Gees had to renew their permit in 2004 and then every three years after that. Each renewal cost in the range of $400.
In their letter, the Gees said their deadline for renewal is Dec. 31 of this year. Norfolk has already relieved some of the pressure by pointing out that the deadline is actually Dec. 31, 2018.
With nearly two years to resolve the matter, Mayor Charlie Luke suggested that Norfolk write a provision into its user fee schedule specifically for individuals and couples who live in their granny flats for more than 20 years. That could take place early in 2018, providing ample time to resolve the Gees' predicament without adding to their stress levels.
“The granny flat is one way we keep seniors out of seniors homes at great cost to the taxpayer,” Luke said. “Let's wait and see what staff can do to help these people.”
Sandy Gee, 86, was the proprietor of Gee's Lumber & Logging in Forestville prior to their retirement. The granny flat they and their wife occupy was built on a hill beside the old saw mill.
From 1985 to 1999, Wendy Gee was the proprietor of the Country Store in Forestville.
“This is a better house than we've ever lived in,” they said of the flat on Thursday.
Whatever the county decides, Sandy Gee is willing to do what it takes to defend the household. If the county slaps them with a hefty bill, Gee will respond.
“I'd have to get a job, I guess,” they said. “Although the old mill has been closed for a while.”
A “granny flat” is a residential unit on a lot with an existing residential structure. They are allowed in instances where seniors wish to live in close proximity to their children or other caregivers.
The home next door that the Gees used to live in is occupied by their son Andrew.
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
BEIJING (Reuters) - Wang Jian, co-chairperson and co-founder of HNA Group, one of China's most acquisitive conglomerates, died during a business trip in France on July 3 after a serious injury caused by a fall, the group said in a statement on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: A HNA Group logo is seen on the building of HNA Plaza in Beijing, China February 9, 2018. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
HNA said that Wang, 57, suffered a fall in Provence, southern France, and received medical treatment but did not recover.
“HNA Group extends the deepest condolences to Mr. Wang's family and many friends,” HNA's board and management team said in a statement.
“Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him, as well as for the many others whose lives they touched through their work and philanthropy.”
HNA, based on the southern Chinese island of Hainan and best known as the owner of Hainan Airlines Co, has been shedding assets including stakes in Deutsche Bank AG and Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc after an aggressive acquisition spree left it deeply in debt.
Iran Focus
London, 2 Jan - Iran has announced a new ambassador to Syria after three months of the role going unfilled due to reports of disagreements on who should fill the role, AlArabiya.net reported on Sunday.
Javad Turk Abadi was named to the role after the previous ambassador completed their mission three months ago.
The office remained vacant due to reports of disagreements between Iran's foreign ministry and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) over who should fill the role, the report said.
Turk Abadi was previously the ambassador to Sudan from 2011 to 2015 before Khartoum decided to shut down the office after cutting off ties with Iran.
Before that, they were Iran's ambassador to Bahrain, Nigeria and Kuwait.
Iran's parliament in recent weeks threatened to question their Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif over the role's vacancy since Mohammad-Reza Raouf-Sheibani left their post in October 2016.
Iran's embassy in Damascus has played a major role in organizing meetings between political and military leaders of Syria and Iran since the conflict broke out in 2011.
A photograph from Haida Gwaii in Infrared shows the remains of a Haida longhouse. (Image courtesy Rémy Olivier Robin/Haida Gwaii in Infrared)
Rémy Olivier Robin is picturing Haida Gwaii in a light that no one can really see.
This summer, the 21-year-old artist toured Haida Gwaii taking photos in infrared.
Using an old twin-lens film camera and a modified digital one, Robin photographed sea lions and black bears, Tow Hill and Balance Rock, and the Haida village sites at SG̱ang Gwaay, K'uuna (Skedans), T'aanuu, and Windy Bay (Hlk'yah GawG̱a).
Now, along with slides and stereoscopic 3D images, Robin is developing some of those infrared photos using gum bichromate — an early form of colour printing popular in the 1870s, when George Dawson and others were taking the first wet-plate photographs of Haida villages.
“It's not to necessarily to rewrite history, but to go back into that time period and do a similar project with more respect in mind, rather than just documenting from the colonizer's point of view,” Robin says.
Just as infrared film shows something real but unseen, Robin's project aims to get people thinking about how Haida culture was seen and misperceived.
Growing up in Seattle, Robin saw a few Haida artefacts at the Seattle Art Museum and the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture.
They saw many more after enrolling at the School of Art Institute of Chicago — right next door is the Field Museum, where Robin was surprised to find over 200 Haida artefacts, one of the largest collections in the world.
Robin watched Stolen Spirits of Haida Gwaii, a 2003 documentary about the Haida repatriation committee and its ongoing efforts to bring back Haida ancestral remains, grave materials, and ancient treasures. They have spoken with Dr. Helen Robbins, director of repatriation at the Field, as well as with staff at the Haida Gwaii Museum, and has thought about cultural appropriation.
They have also been criticized for it himself.
PNWt First Nations Eagle is a large formline woodcarving of an eagle crest by Robin, who is not Indigenous, inlaid with hand-blown neon glass that flashes patterns over the sound of eagle chirps and calls.
“Some people really love it, and they think I should bring it here and donate it to the museum,” they said.
“Some people have reacted with anger, which is understandable after years of exploitation.”
“Without having met me first, they don't know what my intentions are.”
For Haida Gwaii in Infrared, Robin sought permission from the Council of the Haida Nation a year before they arrived. They offered most of the proceeds from any print or related media sales to the CHN and the SHIP program in Skidegate.
Robin is also getting ready to collaborate with Massett artist Skiilaw/Captain Stewart-Burton on carving a Victorian-era wood stereoscope out of red cedar harvested by Taan Forest, to show some of their infrared photos in stereoscopic 3D.
The plan is to display the device somewhere on Graham Island.
Robin is aware there is cultural tension in the project, right down to the infrared film they are using.
Called Aerochrome, it was originally developed for aerial surveys of farmland, but later used by the U.S. military in the Vietnam War.
When most people think “infrared,” they might imagine super-bright reds and pinks.
Those are the colours that Kodak, a film company, chose to represent infrared light on Aerochrome.
“It's a false-colour film,” Robin said.
Because fresh green leaves don't absorb infrared light, but reflect it all back, Aerochrome not only showed U.S. farmers the health of their crops, it later gave U.S. bombers a way to spot camouflage over the forests of Vietnam.
Discontinued in 2009, the Aerochrome rolls Robin used for Haida Gwaii in Infrared were actually cut for U.S. military cameras.
Re-purposing them one more time wasn't easy.
Shooting infrared film means Robin can't check their focus in the camera's viewfinder, and they basically need direct sunlight — a rarity on Haida Gwaii, especially this summer.
Not only is it pricey because it's among the last remaining Aerochrome in the world, Robin's eight-year-old rolls are also about to expire.
“I keep a freezer box with me everywhere,” they said, laughing.
“If it's in room temperature for more than seven days, it's gone.”
When learning to print in gum bichromate, it took Robin a full day to make just one — and that was their fortieth try. The process is something like developing a one full-colour image from 10 single-colour layers, each made with watercolours set in liquid gum.
Making a stereoscopic image is also tricky. Familiar to some through ViewMaster toys, it involves placing two-slide photos exactly an eyeball-distance apart in a viewing device so that the brain of whoever peers inside will unconsciously reassemble them as a three-dimensional image.
“I was amazed by the concept that just seeing two pictures somehow makes a 3D image,” Robin said.
Ironically, Robin is also expert in Photoshop. They know they could fake a gum bichromate or an infrared image faster than someone can say “hashtag No Filter.”
“We live in a world where you can doctor any image,” they said.
“That what I want people to see when I bring the stereoscope — this isn't Photoshop.”
“What I want to do is make not only vivid pictures, but ones you can literally enter.”
Images from Haida Gwaii in Infrared will soon be available at remyolivier.com.
The project will go on display at Chicago's Sullivan galleries from March 11 to 31, and if anyone on Haida Gwaii wants to see more or discuss it, Robin is available through the contact page on their website.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Argent Industrial Ltd:
* DISPOSAL OF PAINT BUSINESS
* ‍HAS ENTERED INTO AGREEMENTS TO DISPOSE PAINT BUSINESS
* SALE ‍TO FREECALL TRADING 7 PROPRIETARY LIMITED AND PROMAC PAINTS PROPRIETARY LIMITED FOR AN ESTIMATED CONSIDERATION OF R51 MILLION​
* ‍RATIONALE FOR TRANSACTION IS TO EXIT PAINT MANUFACTURING AND RETAIL INDUSTRIES​
* ‍PROCEEDS OF TRANSACTION WILL BE USED TO SETTLE EXISTING BANKING FACILITIES AND TO BUY BACK ARGENTS SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
KITSCOTY, Alta. -
Three hundred gathered together at Kitscoty Hall to honour the 158 selfless individuals for their dedication to the eight local fire departments at the 2017 Firefighter Appreciation Ball on Friday, Feb. 10.
Members from Blackfoot Fire Department, Clandonald, Dewberry, Islay, Kitscoty, Marwayne, Paradise Valley, and Vermilion were recognized for their service, and some awarded Exemplary Service Medals and training awards, according to Director of Fire and Emergency Services Orest Popil.
“We hold this every two years to honour and (show) appreciation to what our firefighters and first responders do for our community.”
Popil added 24 members of the Lloydminster Rescue Squad were also recognized for their service within the County of Vermilion River.
“It is a much-needed event where we show and actually thank our volunteers for what they do for us,” Popil said.
In 2016, call volumes were down slightly from an average 400 per year to just over 300, according to Popil.
Following a dinner and comradeship, local dignitaries, including Vermilion-Lloydminster MLA Dr. Richard Starke and Ross Bennett from the Alberta Office of the Fire Commissioner, stood at the podium to not only pay tribute to the emergency responders, but to their spouses and home support.
Another hot topic was the 20-year Capital Plan, which is in its fifteenth year and is commended for keeping the fire departments equipped with up-to-date equipment.
“Out of our capital plan we have accomplished what many rural departments never do,” Popil said. “We have pumpers in all of our fire halls, we have four supertankers that are water support and they can migrate anywhere in the county.
Popil explained the equipment came in handy June 2015, when Kitscoty Fire Department battled a fire which engulfed a local grocery store and the apartments above it.
“If we didn't have this equipment and the training, well we saved the town. We had three of those tankers there. That is what the capital plan did,” they said. “Sometimes it is not easy getting there, but we got there. At the end of the day, and to have these individuals, if you ever get into an incident or need medical assistance, these individuals are well trained and are ready to serve.”
Some members were recognized for their dedication long term, including Dewberry's Carry Grant, who was nominated for a 40 year pin. Thirty-year nominations went to Dewberry's Ken Haney, Lloydminster Rescue's Norm Namur, Paradise Valley' Ray Burlet and Ken Lysons, and Vermilion's Jim King and Bill Roth.
Roth, Vermilion's fire chief, said they and many others don't do this line of work for the medals.
“It is an honour yes, but I think that, like they said here tonight, we are doing it to help people. None of it is easy work.”
Roth added it is the group of people they work with that has kept them at the fire department for so long.
“I have phenomenal people. Every one of them is just normal people that leave their work and families and go and help whoever is in need. The cool thing is that it doesn't matter who they are, we go when the radio tells us go to work,” they said.
20 year pins were also handed out to Clandonald's Shamus Martin, Dewberry's Kevin McDonald and Cameron Stevenson, Paradise Valley's Don Bergquist and Merle Burlet, Islay's Duly Roberts and George Steiner, and Lloydminster Rescue's Gord Hart, Greg Lacusta, Kim Lider, and Joe Reid.
12 year pins were awarded to Blackfoot's Brad Parkinson, Dewberry's Dawn Garnier, Islay's Kirk Budden, Chris Martin, Dustin Schaumleffel, and Martha Spinks, Lloydminster Rescue's Jeremy Crickard and Mitch Jardine, and Vermilion's Kevin Martin, Wayne Roach, and Joe Zizek.
In addition to years of service pins, 26 members were recognized for graduating from the National Fire Protection Association Standard 1001, including Blackfoot's Ryan Longquist, Chason Skoretz, and Timothy Van Staden, Clandonald's Taylor Brodbin, Brent Farrell, Jason McPhee, John Snider, and Travis Stachniak, Dewberry's Tyrel Toews, Islay's Kirk and Spencer Budden, and Grant and Wyatt Roberts, Kitscoty's Layne Zack, Marwayne's Jon Fournier, Ron Miskie, and Morgan Wood, Paradise Valley's Jerry Adams, Kyle Bergquist, Klay and Kole Brown, Chad Brundage, and Lyndon Davies, and Vermilion's Darren James, Clint McCullough , and John Nelson.
thermiston@postmedia.com
@StandardTay
@VStandard1909
The Director General of the Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu, has asked former President Goodlcuck Jonathan, to apologize to Nigerians as their government failed woefully in its discharge of duties during its tenure.
Okechukwu said this in Abuja yesterday while reacting to statements made by the former president at the PDP non-elective convention in Abuja yesterday. Jonathan had recounted some of the achievements of their administration, adding that Nigerians cannot wait for PDP to come back to power in 2019 following the severe hunger and starvation witnessed in some parts of the country.
Okechukwu in their reaction said Jonathan owed Nigerians nothing but an apology for failing woefully. According to him, one of their regrets was demonstrating on the streets of Abuja streets in 2010 for Jonathan to be made the president.
"My own sincere assessment is that our dear ex-president rather than plugged loopholes of corruption, opened it wide. They should apologize to Nigerians whom they betrayed for being less than transparent.
I was outraged when I heard them proclaim that the PDP will return to power in 2019 because of the hunger and poverty ravaging the country. Going by the financial records, the ex-president and their party railroaded Nigerians into abject poverty, food insecurity, and deficit infrastructure through lanlessness and squandermania.
They propelled their preferred minister, Mrs Deziani Alison Madueke and other cronies to loot dry our dear countrymen. Later day revelations are showing how $80 million was used by Mrs Madueke's ally to purchase a luxury yacht, money which could have been utilized to build the best hospital in Yenogoa.
Or is they not reminding us of the humongous foreign exchange used in buying choice estates locally and abroad? In sum, the biggest headache of Buhari administration is the huge local and foreign debt amassed by the PDP's 16 years misrule.
On bail-out fund and Paris Fund refund, Buhari has spent over N1 trillion on salary and pension arrears. They have also paid over $7 billion on obligations to international oil companies (IOC) with the little they got. they noted.
In an interview published late last week, Tool drummer Danny Carey assured fans that the band's long-awaited new album would finally arrive in 2018. “Yes. I'm saying definitely,” Carey told Loudwire. “We'll probably have it done in the first half [of the year] if things go as planned. There's setup times and manufacturing – I can never predict all that, it seems like it's constantly evolving. [What time of year it will be out] I can't tell you.”
Tool frontman Maynard James Keenan has now responded to Carey's proclomation — with a resounding burp.
Burp — Maynard J Keenan (@mjkeenan) December 10, 2017
Keenan previously attributed the album's delay to their bandmates' indecisiveness. “I like to release records and write things a little more quickly than those guys like to write. Their process is very analytical,” Keenan explained in an interview published over the summer. “As far as the way Danny [Carey], Adam [Jones], and Justin [Chancellor] write, it's a very tedious and long process, and they're always going back over things and questioning what they did and stepping back and going back further.”
Asked about the veracity of Carey's comments, a representative for the band told CoS that “as of now there is no release date.”
What has been announced by Tool are a pair of festival appearances for next year. They'll due to headline Rock on the Range in Columbus, Ohio and Northern Invasion in Somerset, Wisconsin during the month of May.
As reported by the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Russian Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, will be travelling to Pyongyang for a visit with their North Korean counterpart tomorrow.
The agenda is set to cover relations between the two nations, as well as covering areas of regional and international concern.
The North Korean Foreign Minister, Ri Yong-ho, has recently visited Moscow, following which the invitation for Lavrov to journey to Pyongyang was given.
Full story: theduran.com
By Frank Sellers
The Duran
A one-time affair or a new approach?
At the Sangla Hill rally Nawaz Sharif and Maryam turned their guns at the PTI and PPP calling both parties two sides of the same coin. The PPP was reminded of the Contecna affair, Rental Power, EOBI and Haj scams. Both were lambasted for being puppets and chess pieces. What would have come as a surprise to many was that judiciary baiting which had so far been the burden of their harangues at every public meeting got a respite this time. Another surprise was the presence of Hamza Sharif on the stage at a rally addressed by the former PM and their daughter. Was there a connection between the two surprising developments?
Ever since Nawaz took to the GT Road after being disqualified by the Supreme Court, rejecting the suggestions to proceed to Lahore via the Motorway the PML-N has been divided into two factions, those who advocated a non-confrontationist stance and those wanted the former PM to take on the security establishment and the judiciary. With both Nawaz and Maryam facing references and there being no guarantee that they would get a clean chit, the hardliners had to agree on Shahbaz replacing elder brother as PML-N chief. In the first public meeting addressed by the Punjab CM after assuming the new charge they declared that all institutions are to be accorded due respect and appealed to the judiciary, army and parliament to jointly work to meet the challenges facing the country.
This left little maneuvering space for the former PM. So far the courts, and the security establishment, the latter mainly through innuendoes, were their main targets. It was maintained that they were out to sentence them despite there being no incriminating evidence against him. Nawaz Sharif who badly needs to explain to their constituency why they have been removed and why there are references in the courts must find other ‘evil forces' responsible for their plight. The PPP and PTI fit to size. The new policy will ensure the continuation of the present tenure of the party. With the accountability court likely to deliver a judgment soon one is not sure how long the new policy will continue.
With 20 blockbuster movies and counting since 2008, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has created a cosmos of big stars, from the misfit crew of "Guardians of the Galaxy" to the high-profile African superhero of "Black Panther." Just imagine a pop culture without these films: Iron Man wouldn't be a household name like Batman or Superman, Ultron would just sound like a bathroom cleaner and certainly nobody would know what the heck “I am Groot” is supposed to mean.
So where does the new superhero sequel "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (officially opening Friday, though theaters will show it the night before) fit into this (seemingly) never-ending superhero saga? Here's the definitive ranking of all the Marvel movies so far:
More: Everything you need to know about the sequel 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
Review: Evangeline Lilly leads fun-loving 'Ant-Man and the Wasp'
More: What's after 'Avengers 4'? Our superhero wish lists for Marvel's next decade
Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) get flirty in 'Iron Man 2.'
Industrial Light & Magic and Marvel
20. 'Iron Man 2' (2010)
Let's accentuate the positive: The sequel gave us Scarlett Johansson's sleek secret agent Black Widow and put Don Cheadle in the War Machine armor. Everything else was a scattershot mess with Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) taking on the wholly underwhelming villain Whiplash (Mickey Rourke).
The big guy on the rampage in 'The Incredible Hulk.'
Rhythm & Hues, Universal Pictures and Marvel Studios
19. 'The Incredible Hulk' (2008)
Before ultimately being replaced in other movies by Mark Ruffalo, Edward Norton starred as scientist Bruce Banner in this odd duck from the nascent MCU. This mostly forgettable affair exists to serve as a reminder that we still deserve a good solo Hulk film one day.
Tony (Robert Downey Jr.) and Pepper (Gwyneth Paltrow) share one of the few non-dangerous moments in 'Iron Man 3.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
18. 'Iron Man 3' (2013)
The results are only so-so as Stark tussles with PTSD, criminally underused antagonist Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) and yawn-worthy villain Aldrich Killian (Guy Pearce). The threequel also proved that, yes, too many armored suits are a bad thing — heck, even Gwyneth Paltrow gets one.
Loki (Tom Hiddleston) and Thor (Chris Hemsworth) foster a sibling rivalry in 'Thor: The Dark World.'
Marvel
17. 'Thor: The Dark World' (2013)
Chris Hemsworth's thunder god has a sequel that's a blender of familiar fantasy tropes as Thor and love interest Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) have to deal with a dark elf with an Infinity Stone. Tom Hiddleston's iconic trickster Loki is in fine form and the film's highlight in every way.
A thunder god (Chris Hemsworth) comes to Earth to prove their worth in 'Thor.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel Studios
16. 'Thor' (2011)
Not Marvel's greatest solo movie, but certainly one that takes some admirable swings. A quasi-family drama that boots Thor from the realm of Asgard to Earth in fish-out-of-water fashion so they can be worthy of their mystical hammer, Mjølnir.
The good guys roll out the welcome mat for a killer robot in 'Avengers: Age of Ultron.'
Marvel
15. 'Avengers: Age of Ultron' (2015)
Bursting with a packed ensemble, it's lacking the superteam mojo of the first "Avengers." Only when we see Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and their secret home life do we get that great Joss Whedon touch. Also: Bless James Spader's heart for being the world's snarkiest killer robot.
Hope Van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly, left) and Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) suit up as partners in "Ant-Man and the Wasp."
MARVEL STUDIOS
14. 'Ant-Man and the Wasp' (2018)
The satisfying sequel doubles down on all the aspects that made the original "Ant-Man" joyful with one big (or, small, depending on how you look at it) addition: Evangeline Lilly debuts their winged and awesomely rough-and-tumble Wasp on an adventure that takes its size-changing heroes from San Francisco to the Quantum Realm.
Thor (Chris Hemsworth, left) and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) team up in 'Thor: Ragnarok.'
Marvel
13. 'Thor: Ragnarok' (2017)
Thor and Hulk make a dynamic duo in the best "Thor" solo film (and funniest Marvel project), and anything with the two of them is magic. It's just too bad the larger narrative featuring a hostile takeover by goddess of death Hela (Cate Blanchett) takes a backseat to the various shenanigans.
Benedict Cumberbatch brought magic to the Marvel world with 'Doctor Strange.'
Marvel
12. 'Doctor Strange' (2016)
Benedict Cumberbatch gets a fantastically weird and trippy introduction to the MCU as a sorcerer supreme who goes from rich jerk to humbled hero. It's a magical version of Iron Man's origin and some gags are overly goofy, yet the filmmaking wizardry and effects are second to none.
Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) steals a suit that changes their lives in 'Ant-Man.'
Zade Rosenthal/Marvel
11. 'Ant-Man' (2015)
The heist comedy with a super-shrinking dude was a bigger risk than "Guardians of the Galaxy." Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are great together, though, and Marvel gave us something we hadn't seen yet: a hero who's also an ex-con dad.
Robert Downey Jr. and 'Iron Man' jumpstarted the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Zade Rosenthal/Paramount Pictures
10. 'Iron Man' (2008)
The beginning, the kickoff, the OG. A crew of Avengers was probably still a pipe dream for fans and most of Hollywood when Robert Downey Jr. first put on the Iron Man suit, but from the start, the signature swagger, attitude and swig of humility they gave Tony Stark set the tone for everything that was to come.
Ned (Jacob Batalon, left) and Peter (Tom Holland) nerd out in 'Spider-Man: Homecoming.'
9. 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' (2017)
Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can — and when you're Tom Holland, the new version of the teen web slinger, you also deal with balancing extracurriculars, getting a date for the big homecoming dance, trying to impress Tony Stark and fighting the Vulture in an epic young-adult adventure.
Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) supports their fellow soldiers in 'Captain America: The First Avenger.'
Jay Maidment
8. 'Captain America: The First Avenger' (2011)
Marvel nailed the origin story of Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), the little guy whose heart was bigger than their biceps until a super-soldier serum pumped them up. It offered a great World War II aesthetic, two-fisted adventure and a moral code that created an intriguing thread for their next two movies.
Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) hangs with their dad (Kurt Russell), a living planet, in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.'
Chuck Zlotnick
7. 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' (2017)
They had us at “Kurt Russell plays a living planet.” The gravy is everything else: adorable Baby Groot dancing in the middle of a space battle, Dave Bautista's Drax being the buff, oddball voice of reason, and Michael Rooker's space outlaw Yondu stealing the show.
Thanos (Josh Brolin) is out to smash superheroes and grab some Infinity Stones in "Avengers: Infinity War."
MARVEL STUDIOS
6. 'Avengers: Infinity War' (2018)
The third Avengers film is the all-night buffet of superhero fare, with a slew of folks rallying to fend off Thanos, a dude bent on destroying half the universe. It's all pretty tasty, though, with great one-liners, a narrative where good people make some bad decisions, and a stupendous cliffhanger that you'll love to hate.
Erik Killmonger (Michael B. Jordan) and T'Challa/Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) don't see eye to eye on Wakanda's future in 'Black Panther.'
Matt Kennedy
5. 'Black Panther' (2018)
From hanging in the 1990s Oakland to flying through futuristic present-day Africa, the first solo film for Chadwick Boseman's warrior king is a magnificent journey with awesome set pieces (including a car chase through South Korea that'll leave you breathless) and a near-perfect villain in Michael B. Jordan's Erik Killmonger. Wakanda forever!
Marvel's A-list came together for 'The Avengers.'
Marvel
4. 'The Avengers' (2012)
Whedon's jam-packed ensemble completely lived up to its giant-size expectations. While the heroes-batting-each-other trope is starting to get played out, the excitement is palpable and fanboy hearts melt when hammers and shield fly as Iron Man, Cap and Thor meet.
It's Team Cap vs. Team Iron Man in 'Civil War.'
Zade Rosenthal
3. 'Captain America: Civil War' (2016)
Personal and political stakes are at play as Cap chooses their best friend (and brainwashed assassin) over Iron Man, blowing up the Avengers dynamic. Plus, it has the best superhero battle of them all and memorable intros for Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) and Spider-Man (Tom Holland).
The not-quite-Avengers-yet crew has to save the universe in 'Guardians of the Galaxy.'
Marvel
2. 'Guardians of the Galaxy' (2014)
Fantastic tunes, a strange cast of characters that inexplicably works, and a story where you're hooked on a bunch of feelings, from the emotions of young Peter Quill crying over their dying mother to the hilarity of grown-up Peter (Chris Pratt) explaining Footloose to new pal Gamora (Zoe Saldana). We are Groot, indeed.
Cap (Chris Evans) and Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson) are at the center of a big ol' conspiracy in 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
Marvel
1. 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' (2014)
More political thriller than superhero blockbuster, Captain America's second solo film — and the best Marvel jam of them all — taps into timely themes of privacy concerns, an enemy growing from within, and military might be used in ethically questionable ways. Come for the timeliness, stay for Cap wrecking a bunch of guys in an elevator.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Logitech's keyboards have long been my keyboards of choice, thanks to their versatility and focus on good design. But the new Craft keyboard may be my favorite Logitech keyboard of all time – and possibly my favorite keyboard, period. The Craft is being billed as creative tool thanks to the integration of a control dial with custom functions depending on which application you're using, but it's also just a top-notch typist tool for anyone who values good craftsmanship in one of the devices they probably use more than almost any other in their daily computing work.
The Craft is a premium-priced keyboard, at least for most people, at $200. It's true that real keyboard aficionados, especially those who place a high value on mechanical switches and customizability, will likely spend more, but for Logitech's primary demographic, $200 is a lot so spend even on this essential accessory. But the Craft is a good way to spend that money if you're at all interested in typing comfortably, and having a range of convenient features that really can improve your overall computing experience in subtle but significant ways.
Craft's signature feature is the ‘Creative Input Dial,' which as mentioned can customize its function based on what application you're using. When you have the Logitech Options software installed, it'll detect which application is active by default and switch its function automatically. Plus, there's even a transition between a clicky, graduated turning action for things like volume control, and an analog, smooth turn for adjusting things like exposure in photos, and it makes a big, positive difference in terms of user experience.
147A4316 147A4313 147A4312 147A4311 View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
But the dial is not likely to be a major driver in terms of convincing most people the Craft is worth the price to upgrade from their current keyboard. Luckily, the gadget offers a lot more besides that does warrant a look in terms of upgrade consideration. For instance, it's got a great, heavy weight that helps it sit firmly on your desk no matter how furiously you type. Plus, there's Logitech easy switch functionality built in, so you can connect it to up to three devices at once (using either Logitech's Unifying Receiver or Bluetooth) and switch between them with the press of a single button.
The keyboard also features a dedicated number pad, full-size arrow keys, and ambient backlighting. It charges its internal battery via USB C, which is great if you're already using a MacBook or other modern computer that charges the same way, and it features dual-purpose keys for Command and Start to switch seamlessly between PC and Mac use.
Craft's typing experience might be the best reason to upgrade, however – its keys are slightly concave, giving you great resting and key stroke experiences, and the travel depth feels just right, with more give than the standard Apple wireless keyboard. The finish on the key surfaces is also very pleasing in a way that's hard to describe: They're matte and feel like they're slightly grippy, and while it may seem like a small thing, if you're typing for many hours per day (like, say, if you're a blogger) it definitely adds up.
Logitech has done a terrific job with the Craft in terms of look, feel and add-on features, in short, and it's easily my favorite keyboard at the moment. At $200, it's probably not for everyone, but it's also well-positioned to be a premium keyboard option for the average consumer looking to treat themselves without going totally overboard into the world of hardcore keyboard fanaticism.
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as they watch a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday, June 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Terrin Waack)
The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage telecasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 per cent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 per cent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 per cent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 per cent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Related: England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
Related: Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Every mutual fund incurs a cost in operations, which it recovers from you, the investor, through your scheme. A lower expense bodes well for investors.
Ministerial committee to look into railway strike A four-member ministerial committee headed by Minister Sarath Amunugama has been appointed by President Maithripala Sirisena to look into the grievances of the protesting railway employees, President's Media Unit said.
27 TN fishermen arrested in SL waters Twenty-seven Tamil Nadu fishermen were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy for allegedly fishing in Sri Lankan territorial waters early today, an official said.
President's letter to Naseby: PHU says govt. kept it a secret The Pivithuru Hela Urumaya (PHU) yesterday said a letter of thank sent by President Maithripala Sirisena to Lord Naseby had been kept concealed by the government due to the pressure of Tamil separatists.
Household electric appliances that contain HCFC to be banned Mahaweli Development and Environment Ministry will ban importing of household electric appliances that contain Hydrochloro-flurocarbon (HCFC) effective from January 1st, 2018 as the use of HCFC is extremely harmful to the environment and to the ozone layer, a senior official of the Ministry said yesterday.
If you live, like me, in an area that gets ice storms, this video may be a lifesaver. Quite literally.
That's because most people don't think or train driving in these extreme conditions. Having driven in an ice storm precisely once — only on local roads — I know how terrible it can be. Lesson learned: Do NOT go out on the road if you can avoid it.
But if you're caught in a jam or the storm unfolds as you're out and about, you're going to need to know what to do.
That said, our friends at Ford put together an excellent and short clip that walks you through the basics. Think of it as a 101-style crash course. Check it out, below!
Ice storms can be very beautiful, yet hazardous. Follow these tips if you encounter a dangerous ice storm to stay safe while driving.
Ford owners want to go everywhere in their vehicles, no matter what type of weather they might run into. This video series provides helpful tips for navigating any type of extreme weather situation on the road.
Drive with confidence—no matter what Mother Nature throws at you.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - An Australian archbishop, the most senior Catholic cleric in the world found guilty of concealing child sex abuse in the church, said on Wednesday they would appeal their conviction and resist pressure to resign.
Archbishop Philip Wilson leaves Newcastle Local Court, in Newcastle for sentencing, Australia, July 3, 2018. AAP/Darren Pateman/via REUTERS
Philip Wilson, 67, was convicted in May of not disclosing to police abuse by another priest, James Fletcher, after being told about it in 1976 by two victims, one of them an altar boy who told them inside the confessional.
They have stepped aside as archbishop of Adelaide, but has not resigned, despite pressure from Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull as well as victims' groups.
“I intend to lodge an appeal against my conviction,” Wilson said in an emailed statement on Wednesday.
“I do not intend to resign at this time. However, if I am unsuccessful in my appeal, I will immediately offer my resignation to the Holy See.”
Lawyers for Wilson, who maintained their innocence throughout the legal process, had argued that they did not know Fletcher had abused a boy. Fletcher was found guilty in 2004 of nine counts of child sexual abuse and died in jail in 2006 after a stroke.
Wilson was sentenced on Tuesday to a year's detention over the cover-up, but remains on bail while they are assessed by prison authorities for home detention, instead of jail.
“I am surprised that they have not resigned,” Turnbull had told reporters in South Australia on Wednesday. “Clearly, given the outcome of the case, the lawsuit and prosecution, they should resign.”
Allegations of sexual abuse cover-ups have continued to rock the Catholic Church years after perpetrators of sexual abuse started regularly appearing before the courts.
Dr. Sue Grayston and their team are leading a study of soil ecology in Gwaii Haanas and Laskeek Bay that seeks to uncover the effects invasive deer are having on everything from plant roots to nutrient cycles, fungi, worms, bacteria, and even carbon storage. (Gwaii Haanas photo)
Holding a spoon heaped with rich black Haida Gwaii soil, Dr. Sue Grayston asked the Ḵay Centre crowd: about how many things live inside?
“More than three,” said the first person.
“A thousand?” said the next.
The room went quiet. Counting soil microbes is no jar of jelly beans.
“There are more organisms in this tablespoon than there are people on the Earth,” Dr. Grayston said.
“Without them, we wouldn't exist — plants wouldn't be able to grow. But they would quite happily exist without us.”
A UBC professor who holds a Canada Research Chair in microbial soil ecology, Grayston is leading a study of Haida Gwaii soils that is the flip-side, underground version of a 20-year project by Dr. Jean-Louis Martin.
The key question for both is, what are invasive deer doing to Haida Gwaii forests?
Aboveground, Martin's team used plant enclosures and sweep-net surveys to track what most islanders can see from walking Haida Gwaii's many open, moss-carpeted woods. Uncontrolled deer will eventually mow down most western red cedar, shrubs, and wildflowers.
For many creatures, that causes a cascade of problems.
Most insects lose the plants they need. Songbirds lose insects to eat, as well as shrubs to hide in. Raptors, in turn, lose the songbirds as prey.
A few species make good on deer-ridden forests, such hemlock and spruce trees, or crows, ravens, and squirrels. People get plenty of meat, too.
Underground, Grayston is uncovering a similar domino effect.
Deer-trampled soils get more and more compacted, making plants work harder to grow their roots.
Between that and the many munching deer, eventually there are far fewer plants in the forest understory, meaning fewer leaves fall to the ground ground. Eventually there is much less organic matter for soil organisms to feed on.
Over time, the soil's dark organic layer gets thinner and thinner.
Like the crows and squirrels aboveground, a few species actually benefit from the change. Grayston's work shows some worms and beetles do better on Haida Gwaii islands that have deer, while millipedes do better on those without.
“But the key decomposers in forests are the soil microorganisms,” Grayston said.
Besides removing plants and trampling the ground, deer also add things to the forest, namely urine and feces.
One question Grayston hopes to shed light on is how deer urine and feces may be speeding up the rate of decomposition in soil, and altering the nutrient cycle.
It may be that all that waste provides trees with easy-access nutrients, meaning they no longer need lots of helpful fungi to break down organic matter for them.
Already, one of Grayston's students has found some islands with heavy deer populations have significantly less fungal biomass.
Fortunately for Grayston and their team, the Gwaii Haanas Restoring Balance project that recently removed 407 deer from Ramsay Island (researchers are hoping to confirm it as a complete eradication) offers an ideal scenario to do a wide-ranging study on the effects deer have on soil ecology.
Such work usually involves finding islands with varying levels of deer, as Grayston and Martin have done around Laskeek Bay.
On Ramsay, the evidence will likely be of better quality, because Grayston's team has been able able to test the soil on a single island before and after deer.
Grayston hopes the work begins to answer an even bigger-picture question — what effect might the deer have on how much carbon is stored in Haida Gwaii forests?
While people tend to think of tropical rainforests storing lots of carbon, Grayston said those forests tend to have quick growth and quick decomposition. On the other hand, temperate rainforests like Haida Gwaii's tend to grow quickly, but decompose much more slowly.
“Really, you have a lot of carbon storage in these forests,” they said.
But if deer are indeed speeding up the decomposition rate, that carbon-storage function could change.
“Soil is not just dirt,” they said. “It's a very dynamic medium.”
Today for the “Local Lunchbox” segment on Armed Fauxes Radio, Faux Eyes played for you:
Local Lunchbox is brought to you by Outpost Natural Foods. Tune in Tuesday during the Rockleidoscope with Erin for your next tasty treat!
The video showed that the militants have badly damaged the facade of the Roman-era amphitheatre and the Tetrapylon - a set of four monuments with four columns each at the centre of the colonnaded road leading to the theatre.
This year's ceremony will have a lot to live up to following Leo's miraculous Oscar wins in 2016. Illustration: Anastasiia Cherygova.
Academy pressured to select rich, good looking actor everyone can rally behind
Now that the 2017 Oscars festivities are only days away, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is hoping to provide an uplifting, underdog narrative that can unite the world in perfect harmony.
“It's going to be tough to top Leo's big moment from last year,” said Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs, recalling how actor and sentient man bun Leonardo DiCaprio finally snagged a Best Actor award back in early 2016.
“It's not everyday that a rich, handsome actor with millions of worldwide fans gets the recognition they deserve.”
The Academy's decision to award DiCaprio with an Oscar for their beardy performance in The Revenant was met with widespread praise and celebration across the globe, from the sweltering streets of New Delhi to the basement of the Laurier Avenue Royal Oak.
And with today's political climate being more divisive than ever, Isaacs said repeating this unifying event is not just a welcome distraction—it's a necessity.
“When people are in need of spiritual fulfillment and guidance, they always turn to Hollywood for help,” they said. “The acting community has already solved big problems like global warming, so this year we're hoping that whoever wins brings everyone together on contentious issues—like whether or not we should put pineapple on our pizza.”
While the Academy usually picks its nominees for major acting categories by drawing names out of a hat, Isaacs reveals that this year's lineup was selected with a specific “underdog” quality in mind.
“In show business terms, a lot of these guys are kind of slumming it,” they said, noting that none of this year's nominees were able to crack Forbes' list of the 30 highest paid actors in the world.
“I mean, look at Andrew Garfield. He's never been the same after they stopped getting those Spider-Man cheques. These days, he's forced settle for a life of semi-luxury by flying first class instead of taking their own private jet, just like most people.”
But money isn't the only determining factor in the Academy's search for a new man or woman “of the people.”
Isaacs said that physical attractiveness is also taken into consideration, which is why they think that mostly good looking actor Ryan Gosling could be a dark horse contender for their performance in La La Land.
“Ryan's got it pretty rough,” they said. “Did you know that he's never been voted People magazine's ‘Sexiest Man Alive?' Plus, some people make fun of them because their eyes are a little too close together. These are classic foibles than almost anyone can relate to.”
While some film critics and press outlets are reluctant to embrace Hollywood's new version of the “scrappy average joe,” Isaac said that the Oscars have to evolve with the times in order to remain relevant.
“If the recent U.S. election is anything to go by, people's idea of what constitutes a true ‘underdog story' is way different from what it was in 2015.”
Twenty-one seconds.The moments that tick-tick-ticked between a cop responding to a “hot-shot” call at a midtown residential building and the fatal double-discharging of their firearm.Andrew Loku dropped straight down on their face, the hammer he'd been wielding flying out of their hand.Const. Andrew Doyle hadn't been alone when they raced up the stairs to the third-floor hallway. Partner Haim “Jimmy” Queroub, only a month on the Toronto police force, was standing just behind him. Doyle, a 13-year veteran, was the “coach officer” for the raw rookie.“Shot fired, one down,” Doyle spoke into their shoulder microphone, alerting the dispatcher. Seconds later: “I need EMS here NOW!”Article Continued BelowBut there was nothing to be done for Loku, a 45-year-old refugee from South Sudan with mental-health problems and a resident of that Toronto apartment building, where units were leased for vulnerable tenants by the Canadian Mental Health Association.Doyle didn't know any of those details, was aware only that a middle-aged “African” male armed with a hammer had threatened somebody.He'd been on patrol with their partner when the radio squawked out that information and an address.
LUDLOW - A Massachusetts State Police trooper was transported to the hospital following a Monday morning crash on the Massachusetts Turnpike in which their stopped cruiser was hit by a truck, according to a state police spokesperson.
David Procopio, the state police director of communications, said the trooper was taken to Baystate Medical Center following the 9:15 a.m. crash. They described the trooper's injuries at not life-threatening.
The trooper's name was not released to the press.
Procopio said the trooper was inside their cruiser that was parked in the breakdown lane when it was hit from behind by a truck.
The cruiser had its emergency lights activated at the time of the crash.
The crash remains under investigation by the Troop E barracks.
It was one of two incidents, roughly 90 minutes apart, in which troopers were injured when their vehicles were hit from behind, Procopio said.
State police are investigating a second crash that occurred at about 10:45 a.m. on Western Avenue in Lynn.
In that crash, the trooper was able to free themselves from the wrecked cruiser despite being injured, Procopio said. That trooper was taken to Salem Hospital for treatment of injuries that were also described as not life-threatening.
The driver of the car in the Lynn crash was also taken to the hospital.
CAMBRIDGE — If the opening game of the season is any sort of indication, the KCI Raiders are again the team to beat in Waterloo County girls' high school rugby play.
The Raiders began their drive for a fourth consecutive WCSSAA championship Tuesday afternoon with a 41-0 win over the Waterloo-Oxford Crusaders, on the artificial turf at Jacob Hespeler Secondary School. Makilda Addico led the KCI attack with three tries, as the champions scored early and often in a rematch of last year's championship final.
Natalie Armatage, Maddie Hobson, Davna McLean and Grace Mickie also scored tries for KCI, and Abbey Stryuk chipped in with six points on three converts. KCI led 31-0 at halftime.
The talented Raiders are a close-knit bunch, said Grade 12 player Carolina Koebel, who added the team's recent run of success is a drawing card for incoming players who want to be part of the school's successful program.
"I really like the inclusivity of this team. The senior players do a lot to welcome the younger players; and at the same time the junior players do a lot to get involved and they really pull their weight," they said.
While boys' rugby is at an all-time low in terms of popularity at the high school level — only three schools were able to field senior teams this spring — the girls' game is flourishing, with 12 schools competing. KCI has a massive roster of 47 players and Waterloo-Oxford counters with 49.
"We've done well in recent years and girls want to be part of that, same with Waterloo-Oxford," said KCI's Armatage. "It's a great sport, anyone can play it."
A Grade 11 student, Armatage is one of the league's top players. They competed for Ontario last summer with hopes of playing at this year's Canada Summer Games in Antigonish, N.S.
Teammates Stryuk, Koebel and Hobson have also competed at high levels outside of school, which will definitely be an asset as the Raiders take aim at another title.
Jennifer Armatage has taken over the head coaching duties at KCI this spring in place of Amy Bambury, who is on a leave. And longtime Waterloo-Oxford teacher Erma Repei is again calling the shots for the Crusaders, a team that is loaded with young talent that will get better with age and experience.
“My message is that no one should doubt that this is a very serious undertaking,” David Schwendiman, an American who is chief prosecutor of tribunal, said in September.
MONTREAL — Remi Garde wants an explanation of how Major League Soccer referees make calls, but the Montreal Impact coach is also aware that many of their team's troubles are their own fault.
Garde, who joined the Impact in November from Olympique Lyonnais in France, said Tuesday they hope to meet with Howard Webb of the Professional Referees Organization to discuss how games are officiated.
"We need to know how things work because it isn't clear," said Garde, whose team has given up five penalties and had two players sent off in seven games. "Since the start of the season, anything debatable has gone against us. It's frustrating."
They said in some cases fouls that drew a red card for their players only counted as yellows when opponents did the same things, and he'd like to know why.
Forced to play a man short in two of the last three games, the Impact (2-5) have lost three in a row by a combined score of 12-4.
The Impact were coming off a 5-3 loss at home to LAFC in which they blew a 3-1 lead after defender Victor Cabrera was ejected.
After the game, goalkeeper Evan Bush called the red card "comical.
"And these guys (the referees), you can't even have a conversation with them to ask them what they saw. There's a bit of arrogance there that needs to be cleaned up. Because if you don't know what you did wrong, you can't correct it."
Garde also hopes to see a change in attitude from their players, who have conceded a league-worst 17 goals. They next face Atlanta's high-powered attack away on Saturday.
"It's a young team in terms of experience, but we need to raise our standard as a group," they said. "Hating to lose, as a professional athlete, is a formidable engine.
Re: Caution: children at work, June 13
Caution: children at work, June 13
Recognizing child labour as a violation of children's and workers' rights, trade unions are joining with families and community organizations to combat child labour, to move children out of work and into school, and to support core labour standards.
Everything old is new again. The over-privileged Canadians will tsk tsk and the corporations will apologize profusely and come up with yet another “child-slave-labour” certification scam and a feel-good logo on the product, and the consumer monkeys will once again spread their cancer guilt-free.
Do the privileged humans care? Sure. They wish the kids and peasants had a better life and there was no runaway climate change and overpopulation, but they don't stop consuming and breeding.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - GLOBAL TELECOM HOLDING:
* EXTENDS TERM OF EXISTING $200 MILLION UNSECURED SHORT-TERM LOAN AGREEMENT WITH CITI AND ING BANK FROM DEC 15 2017 UNTIL JUNE 15 2018 Source: (bit.ly/2iMjLuW) Further company coverage: )
BRDO PRI KRANJU, Slovenia, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro zone's bailout fund could in the future be at the centre of any restructuring of sovereign debt in the single currency area as part of reforms of the way the zone functions, the head of the fund said on Friday.
The main task of the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) now is to lend cash to governments that have been cut off from markets in exchange for reforms that put their economies back on track. It has helped Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Cyprus over the past few years.
The euro zone currently does not have any pre-defined debt restructuring rules to deal with a situation in which a government loses market access and has had to improvise on a case-by-case basis to crises.
This is partly because until the euro zone's sovereign debt crisis erupted in 2010, in Greece, the government bonds of all its member states were considered equally safe and a default on debt was not considered.
During the Greek crisis, private investors had to accept the loss of half the value of the Greek bonds they held - the largest in the history of sovereign defaults and the first in the euro zone.
“The ESM could play a role in containing risks if member states were to define a Sovereign Debt Restructuring Framework to make settlements with private creditors more effective and transparent,” the fund's chief Klaus Regling said in a speech.
AUTOMATIC RESTRUCTURING
Germany has proposed that a euro zone country that lost market access would have to restructure its debt automatically, for instance by extending maturities, to secure an ESM bailout. This would echo the principle of the International Monetary Fund that the IMF does not lend to countries with unsustainable debt. But others in the euro zone are wary of any automaticity.
“The (restructuring) framework should, in my opinion, not contain any automatic extension of maturities, while ‘Collective Action Clauses' could be improved to prevent lengthy hold-out battles,” Regling told a seminar in Slovenia.
Collective action clauses help to prevent a situation where a small group of investors blocks a debt restructuring for all others because they demand better terms. After the Greek crisis, the euro zone introduced such clauses to all its newly issued bonds to help facilitate debt restructuring.
“If Europe were to agree to introduce such a framework, the ESM could provide the debt sustainability analysis, and help to organise negotiations between creditors and the debtor, with the aim of a fair solution for all stakeholders,” Regling said.
The Greek crisis erupted because European Union fiscal rules that set limits on government borrowing were ignored.
Germany and several other northern European countries believe that creating a proper framework for sovereign debt restructuring in the euro zone would help improve government fiscal discipline through market pressure.
However, some southern euro zone countries with high debt, such as Italy, are strongly opposed, fearing such discussions may lead to markets selling off the bonds of economically weaker countries and triggering another crisis. (Writing By Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Philippe Coutinho has been left out of the Liverpool squad for their Champions League play-off first leg against Hoffenheim.
The Reds star is still nursing a back problem that ruled them out of Saturday's Premier League opener against Watford.
Coutinho's future at Anfield is in the balance, with the Brazilian keen to join Barcelona.
And the midfielder will play no part in Tuesday's game at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena after being omitted from the 22-man travelling party.
Daniel Sturridge, who has failed to recover from a thigh injury, also misses out.
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
Jurgen Klopp's side will be looking to take a lead back from Germany ahead of the return clash on Merseyside next Wednesday.
Liverpool squad: Alexander-Arnold, Moreno, Lovren, Milner, Wijnaldum, Henderson, Can, Mane, Salah, Firmino, Kent, Solanke, Origi, Gomez, Klavan, Flanagan, Robertson, Matip, Grujic, Mignolet, Karius, Ward.
Cape Town - Health ombudsman Professor Malegapuru Makgoba says the death toll of mentally ill patients who were transferred from Life Esidimeni to 27 NGOs will continue to rise, and is now above 100.
Makgoba told Parliament's portfolio committee on health on Wednesday that their office is continuing to receive more and more data from members of the public since their report was published on February 1.
"It was quite clear to me that the 94 deaths was not going to be the end," they said, saying it was noted as a provisional figure at the time of the report.
"I can say to this committee that we are still collating more data that is coming in of deaths. I am quite confident that the figure is now above 100 deaths as we speak."
Makgoba painted a bleak picture of the 27 NGOs where the patients were transferred, all of which were underresourced, underfinanced and underprepared to take on the influx of mentally ill patients.
None of them had valid licences, they said.
They described the scarily easy process in receiving a licence from the Gauteng health department to start an NGO.
"When the director and head of department found that the licenses were not correct, they went around and signed new licences.
"So some NGOs now have three licences, signed in the same year by the same two people."
They said the data they received from the Gauteng health department was "full of problems" and "never the same".
"In one instance, 22 patients were recorded as having two dates of death.
"Now, you can't die twice. And the data always came from the same department.
"Really, it was like a form of a scam, and you really would not be proud if you are a South African."
Makgoba said 80 of the 94 deaths occurred at only five NGOs.
They said the NGOs waited too late to seek professional help, only searching once patients started dying.
The biggest problem was overcrowding, which defeated the purpose of Health Minister Aaron Motsoaledi's policy to de-institutionalise.
Some of the NGOs were mere double-storey houses, and the owners were approached to set up an NGO. They were under the impression it was a "business venture", and not a professional health service.
They said the whole project was shambolic, chaotic, and they also listed human rights violations in their report. The national department could have been involved sooner.
They also said the public should be wary of blaming Life Esidimeni for the deaths.
They said it is now a state issue, and the state needs to look at how patients went from a licensed institution to unlicensed ones. They also said the licensing policy needs to be reviewed. DM
Textile manufacturing takes a heavy toll on the environment, from the pesticides used to grow cotton to the polluted water created by dye runoff. Fashion's short retail cycle also results in millions of tons of waste every year.
Plug and Play hopes that its new accelerator, called Plug and Play-Fashion for Good, will solve some of these issues by connecting textile startups with large retailers. The program, a partnership between Plug and Play, Fashion for Good, a global initiative founded by C&A Foundation, and luxury conglomerate Kering, whose brands include Gucci and Alexander McQueen, launched last week in Amsterdam.
Its first batch includes companies that create organic dyes from microorganisms (Pili-Bio) and cleaners from carbon dioxide to reduce water waste (Tersus). The full list of startups is: Agraloop, Amadou, Dragon, Dropel, ICA Bremen, MySource, MycoTex, Pili-bio, RePack, Sundar, Tersus and Tipa
Like Plug and Play's other programs, the textile accelerator's goal is to build relationships between startups and corporations, says Plug and Play founder and CEO Saeed Amidi. In this case, these include Walmart and Target, in addition to C&A Foundation and Kering.
“Technology can find a better way to dye clothes or a better way to grow cotton or reuse end-of-life clothing,” says Amidi. “We think the same process of accelerating software startups can be applied to fashion.”
Michael Olmstead, Plug and Play's vice president of corporate partnerships, adds that the accelerator's goals is to take innovation in the apparel industry beyond e-commerce companies.
“Fashion is one of the most polluting industries and we're looking to really accelerate the transition to a very circular industry,” they say.
Some of the startups in Plug and Play—Fashion for Good's first batch are developing new types of textiles made from plants. For example, Mycotex and Amadou both create leather substitutes from mushroom fibers, which are not only biodegradable, but may also help reduce methane emissions from livestock and pollutants from the tanning process.
Other companies, like ICA Bremen, focus on accountability in the manufacturing process. ICA Bremen uses nano-technology to create tiny tracers that allow manufacturers to keep track of how much organic cotton fiber a piece of fabric contains, an important criterion for organic certification.
One incentive for retailers is that young consumers are willing to spend extra on brands that cultivate a reputation for environmental responsibility.
“If you look at a generation that is really conscious of sustainability, it's millenials,” Olmstead notes, “And they are obviously the ones who are spending money.”
Featured Image: Sinan Saglam/EyeEm/Getty Images
BEIJING (Reuters) - China is comfortable with a weakening yuan, intervening only to prevent any rapid and destabilizing declines or to restore market confidence, as the economy loses momentum and faces further risks from a heated trade dispute with the United States, policy insiders said.
FILE PHOTO: A 100 Yuan note is seen in this illustration picture in Beijing March 7, 2011. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo/File Photo
On Tuesday, as stocks sank and the yuan fell through a key psychological level of 6.7 on the dollar, traders said state-owned banks, which sometimes act on behalf of the central bank, made efforts to prop up the currency.
All the same, authorities are confident they won't have to make heavy use of the official foreign exchange reserves to defend the yuan like in 2015 when stocks and the currency went into a tail spin as capital outflows accelerated, three sources who are familiar with policymakers' thinking told Reuters before the latest intervention.
After the lessons of 2015, Beijing considers it has the policies in place to prevent any destabilizing sell-off in the yuan, the sources said.
While the intervention underscored Beijing's desire to inject confidence in markets that have been roiled by the trade war fears, the sources say policymakers would tolerate a weaker yuan to help cushion a slowing economy and take some of the sting out of Washington's proposed tariffs on its exports to the United States.
“Policymakers believe some yuan depreciation is okay, but they don't want to see it falling below 6.9. Appropriate currency depreciation is needed given that the economy faces downward pressure,” one policy insider said.
A second policy source echoed those views: “there is no big problem with the yuan depreciation. It could be beneficial as the economy is slowing. We are able to control capital outflows. There is no need for aggressive intervention.”
The PBOC has yet to respond to Reuters' request for comment.
The yuan CNY=CFXS saw its worst month on record in June, falling about 3.3 percent against the dollar, drawing comparisons with the 2015 episode of sharp yuan depreciation which forced the People's Bank of China (PBOC) to spend more than $800 billion to slow it down. The yuan bounced sharply on Wednesday, a day after the central bank soothed nervous markets.
According to the policy insiders, it is unlikely China will be forced into large-scale intervention. Worries of destabilizing outflows are being partly offset by the capital controls China has introduced to arrest the previous slide in the yuan and restore confidence in its financial assets.
The sources are involved in internal policy discussions but are not part of the final decision-making process. They spoke on condition on anonymity.
ECONOMY BETTER EQUIPPED
Besides the capital outflow risks, a sharp weakening in the yuan may pose financing problems for companies exposed to dollar-denominated debt.
Beijing is also expected to make use of other tools it has finessed since 2015, such as the “counter-cyclical factor” it introduced in May last year to the formula it uses to determine the mid-point reference rate for the yuan's exchange rate against the dollar each day. That factor was designed to curb speculation and volatility in the yuan.
“The authorities have become more experienced in managing the currency,” said a third source who advises the government. They expect some form of intervention in the 6.7-6.8 area.
“Currently, the pressure is not as big as in 2015 … if the depreciation trend continues like this, they could take some measures, including reviving the counter-cyclical factor, rather than heavy spending of foreign exchange reserves.”
Also, a years-long government-led crackdown on financial risks has meant China is better equipped to handle market ructions than in 2015 when the turmoil in stocks and the yuan currency was partly blamed on bungled rescue attempts by the authorities.
Most measures taken since late 2015 to tighten controls on money moving out of the country, including closer scrutiny of outbound investments, large overseas money transfers and individual foreign exchange purchases remain in place.
Earlier this year, China eased the tap a bit by granting qualified domestic financial institutions fresh quotas to buy overseas stocks and bonds, but the yuan depreciation has not come on the back of heavy outflows like two years ago.
“They can reintroduce the counter-cyclical factor, they can tighten capital controls, in the end they can even use a small amount of their reserves … but this time is different because there is already a strict regulation on capital outflows,” said Mahamoud Islam, Hong Kong-based senior APAC economist at Euler Hermes.
NO DELIBERATE YUAN-WEAKENING
Some policy advisers said authorities are also likely to use subtle measures, such as higher-than-expected midpoint yuan fixings to sound discomfort with the pace or direction of the moves and limit any large-scale direct intervention.The message that the recent yuan weakening is not deliberately driven by China resonates with many economists and investors and Tuesday's market action reinforced it.
“I don't believe they are using the yuan as a tool in negotiations with the U.S.,” said Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging market debt at BNP Paribas Asset Management in London.
“They are less interventionist than in the past, but I do think around 6.7 they may be intervening to keep confidence in the yuan and make sure they are not facing massive outflows.”
Kasson-Mantorville high school partnered with the Home Federal Savings bank to renovate and unveil the school's new arena Friday afternoon - and it was just in time for homecoming week.
The gym will be be known as the Home Federal Arena. The bank has an office in town, and it stepped up to help and sponsored the new arena. They unveiled the arena just before the varsity Kasson-Mantorville volleyball game against Byron.
The school expected the arena would be packed so they added extra bleachers on both ends of the court.
Construction began roughly four years ago, with the goal of extending the gym to give it more of an arena-like atmosphere.
"We hope that it provides more activities that they get into," said Activities Director Broc Threinen. "Our goal is to get as many kids - up to 100% of the kids involved in some type of activity outside of the school hours, just because we know that if they're involved in more things typically their success rates at school are higher."
Some key members of the bank approached the school about sponsoring the gymnasium, and Friday afternoon they were honored for supporting the school district.
And what makes it all the more special is that some Kasson-Mantorville alumni are now working at the Home Federal Savings Bank office in Kasson, and they were present at the celebration.
BERLIN – The Motion Picture Assn. of America will stand “cheek by jowl” with European film and TV industries in their battle to preserve territorial licensing in Europe, MPAA chairperson Christopher Dodd said Wednesday at the Berlin Film Festival.
In an interview with Variety, Dodd said they would be playing “a supportive role” in the European industry's efforts to air its concerns over a proposal for borderless access in Europe to movies and TV online. The chief concern appears to be the European Commission's wish to extend the so-called “country of origin” principle to cover digital services, meaning that E.U. broadcasters could carry their online programming in other countries if they have cleared the rights in the country they are broadcasting in.
Although rights-holders would be allowed to opt out of such arrangements and retain their rights in other E.U. countries, entertainment execs fear that most European producers won't have the bargaining power to insist on that in their negotiations with the big broadcasters they rely on to finance their work.
Opposition to the Commission's proposal for pan-E.U. digital licensing of broadcaster programming is led by France and Germany. France's Ministry of Culture had openly expressed its opposition. A Dec. 17 declaration from the upper house of Germany's parliament, asked insistently if the Commission's proposal considers sufficiently rights holders' interests.
Having addressed an industry breakfast on Wednesday, Dodd planned to raise the issue with the German Federal Film Agency and the German trade body SPIO on Wednesday and Thursday.
“Our office spends a lot of time working with our European counterparts,” said Dodd, adding that they were “cautiously optimistic” as many Member States have realized the importance of exclusive territorial licensing to their national film industry.
But there is no time for complacency, they added. Work groups at the European Parliament and the European Council will be considering the Commission's country of origin proposal in But there is no time for complacency, they added. Work groups at the European Parliament and the European Council will be considering the Commission's country of origin proposal in detail, over the next “few months,” Dodd said.
Dodd also underscored the MPAA's concern at new generation piracy. They instanced set-top boxes using Kodi open source media player apps which offered add-ons. These facilitate access to a multitude of sites with illegal content, such as 160 options for downloading “Bridge of Spies” illegally. The set boxes can be bought for as little as $40 on Amazon. Modi now has 38 million users, up 97% between 2015 and 2016, Spotify around 40 million paying customers.
“The $64,000 question is what can be done about such illegal use of the Kodi platform, Dodd said.
Iran Focus
London, 7 Dec - The Gulf Cooperation Council criticised Yemen's Houthi rebels and the Iranian Regime during their annual summit on Tuesday.
They condemned the Iran-backed Shiite Huthi terrorist group in Yemen for the assassination of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh on Monday.
They called on all factions within Yemen, including the party of Saleh, to unite and “get rid of the Huthi militias which are following and being backed by Iran".
Saleh was originally supported by the Houthis but had broken ranks with them on Saturday over serious disagreements. The 75-year-old was shot dead while fleeing the Houthi-controlled area of Sanaa and a video of their body was posted on social media.
Many believe that this was ordered by the Iranian mullahs.
Dr. Hamdan Al-Shehri, a Saudi political analyst and international relations scholar, said: “He thought they could share power with them. They should have known better. The Iranians never share power. They want everything for themselves or else they kill — which is what happened with Saleh.”
Iran
The GCC also condemned "all terrorist actions carried out by Iran and its continued interference in the internal affairs and Arab countries" and said that their leaders would work with the Donald Trump administration to confront terrorism and Iran's regional expansionist policies.
Qatar Dispute
The regional alliance, made up six Arab countries, said that it was important to preserve the GCC's existence which is threatened by a bitter dispute between key Iran ally and GCC member Qatar and three other member states Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.
These three countries, along with Egypt, severed diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar six months ago, citing among other things support of the Iranian Regime and terrorism. This does not appear to have been a topic of discussion at the meeting.
GCC secretary-general Abdullatif al-Zayyani said: "This meeting was to reaffirm the solidarity within the GCC states and their joint work."
The other GCC states are Kuwait and Oman.
The summit was shortened to one day from the planned two and was not visited by the heads-of-state from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.
In a news conference following the meeting, Kuwait Foreign Minister Sheikh Sabah Khaled Al-Sabah, said: "The holding of the summit amid these delicate situations proves the faith and conviction of GCC leaders in this organisation. We appreciate the level of representation of any country and highly evaluate that the six member states have participated in the summit."
In their final declaration, the Gulf States reaffirmed their commitment to fighting terrorism and extremism, stressed the important role of the GCC, and encouraged cohesion and unity among members.
Since researchers keep on hunting life outside planet Earth, an international team of astronomers has discovered 60 new planets circling stars new Earth's planetary system. Among the new planets is a hot "super-Earth", called Gliese 411b, which has a rough surface and it is located in the fourth closest star system to the sun.
According to astronomers, the planet basically shows all closest stars to the sun have planets circling them, and some of these could resemble Earth. The revelation was made by an international team of researchers, which led by the University of Hertfordshire. In spite of the label "super-Earth", Dr. Mikko Tuomi told Fox News that Gliese 411b is excessively hot Earth and it is impossible for life to exist on its surface.
Gliese 411 and Gliese 411b are found eight light years from earth, which means six trillion miles away. Along with the 60 new planets, the researchers found an extra proof of a further 54 planets, bringing the sum of 114 of potential new worlds. The outcomes depend on 61,000 individuals observation of 1,600 stars for over 20-years by US astronomers by utilizing the Keck-I telescope in Hawaii.
Advertisement
Dr. Mikko Tuomi said that it is captivating to imagine that when the team takes a look at the closest stars, each of them seems to have planets circling in it. As indicated by Mail Online, the observations were part of the Lick-Carnegie Exoplanet Survey, which begun in 1996 by astronomers named Steve Vogt and Geoffrey Marcy from the University of California and Paul Butler, from the Carnegie Institute of Science, in Washington.
The Carnegie Institution of Science additionally led a group that included MIT to publish the information on the almost 61,000 observations of 1,600 stars. Dr. Butler added that the paper and information publish is one of their most distinguished accomplishments as an astronomer.
Why You Should Provide Full Disclosure to Your DUI Lawyer
Sometimes, you just forgot your reponsibilities.
After a long day putting off fire – problems after problems – at your company, you feel like taking a breather and grab a beer while on the road. Unfortunately, this can get you charged with driving under the influence of alcohol.
If you are facing charges for driving under the influence, the smart move is to hire a lawyer to defend you in a court of law. While it may be difficult to do, it's important to sit down with that lawyer and have a frank discussion about what was happening before, during, and after the arrest.
Here are a few of the reasons why nothing should be held back from your legal counsel, even details that could be personally embarrassing.
Nothing Shocks Lawyers
It's true that something you said or did could be a little shocking to the average person. Mass Tsang, a DUI lawyer practising in Barrie, explains that when it comes to a DUI case, whatever you have to share will be taken in stride. That's because your lawyer has probably represented someone else who has said or done things that never crossed your mind.
If you have any hesitation to share a detail because it makes you uncomfortable, go ahead and tell the lawyer anyway. Anything you leave out of the discussion makes it that much more difficult for the lawyer to know which defense options should be considered.
What You Say is Confidential
Remember that your legal counsel will consider everything you share to be confidential information. How or if it's used in your defense is something the two of you will work out well before the court date. Unless the information is relevant to your defense, it never has to be discussed with another person.
Also, consider to go a local lawyer. If you're facing a charge in, say, Kitchener area, you should contact DUI lawyers in the Kitchener office. In this case, your lawyers can advise you with a more relevant legal help.
You Don't Really Know What's Relevant and What's Not
Glossing over some details could make it harder for your DUI lawyer to develop a defense strategy. The fact is you are not in a position to know what information would make a difference and has no bearing on the situation. By contrast, your lawyer may pick up on a small detail that does make all the difference in how you are defended against those DUI charges.
Never leave out something just because you don't see the relevance. Share it all with your legal counsel and let the lawyer decide if the information is useful. Doing so could be providing the lawyer with one more detail that helps your case in ways that you never imagined possible.
The Lawyer Can Protect Your Rights
Do you fully understand the laws related to driving under the influence in the GTA? The average person knows a little but could stand to learn quite a bit more. If you really want your lawyer to be in a position to protect your rights, telling your legal counsel everything you can remember is crucial.
The bottom line is that you have nothing to lose by providing full disclosure to your lawyer and everything to gain. Even if some bit of information does not exactly put you in the best light, go ahead and tell all. It could be just what the lawyer needs to ensure your day in court is fair, balanced, and just.
Damn. These are good looking headphones. The V-Moda Crossfade II Wireless could be the best looking headphones available. Better yet, they sound good, too.
As the name suggests, this is the second generation of this series of headphones from V-Moda. The drivers are different and the company improved on the build quality. The originals were already one of my favorite headphones and the followup is even better.
[gallery ids="1667954,1667951,1667952,1667950,1667953,1667955,1667956"]
Here's what I like:
The build quality of these headphones is superb. The V-Moda Crossfade II Wireless headphones feel like they'll last a lifetime. I have headphones from Bose, Definitive, Denon, Shinola, Audeze and more and none look or feel as good as these. They're comfortable. Even on my large head, they fit nicely and I'm able to wear them for hours at a time without issue.
The headphones sound great, too. To be clear, they're not the best sounding headphones available, but the sound is on par for the price. The sound stage is full and wide with great separation between the channels.
The V-Moda Crossfade II Wireless are most comfortable with the mid tones found in rock, country, jazz and pop. That's not to say low and high tones are absent; they're present but not noteworthy. The headphones are balanced nicely with a preference to sounds in the middle of the range.
I always use a few tracks to test headphones. Save Tonight by Eagle-Eye Cherry is one of them. The track is mixed in a way that produced a narrow soundstage. On headphones the audio can be either muddled or clean. On these headphones, it's closer to clean but not perfect. The lyrics come across clear while the instruments are a bit blended. 4 Non Blondes' What's Up sounds fantastics. You can hear the strumming of the guitars and feel the emotion of the band. The Cranberries' Linger is more of the same. It's just lovely on these headphones.
The wide soundstage is put on display for Look At Me Now. Busta sits in the middle and their lyrics flow in the middle while the beat comes in from the sides. Reproduced correctly, it's an immersive experience and these headphones do it correctly. Meek Mill's Dreams and Nightmares is another great example. These headphones put Meek in the center of the stage while the piano tracks sits on the side of the stage. The headphone's tuning makes the track a stunning example of properly tuned headphones.
These headphones get loud. They're among the loudest headphones I've tested. And since the headphones lack active noise cancelation, that's a good thing. I'm pleased to report, there is very little distortion when the headphones are at their max volume.
Wireless battery life is excellent. V-Moda claims 14 hours. I used these headphones for several days and never found the bottom of the battery. That's good enough for me.
Here's what I don't like:
The headphones lack on key feature: They keep playing when taken off. That's a big no-no and an unfortunate miss from V-moda. It's not a dealbreaker, though. These are wireless headphones and therefore they have a limited battery life even though they have great battery life. Such headphones need to have the ability to stop playing audio when removed from the head.
Bottom line:
The headphones are available in several colors through retailers or buyers can use V-Moda's customizer to build a custom pair. Want a set of headphones with 14k gold plated side plates? That's an option though it adds hundreds to the cost. Platinum headphones? That'll cost $26,000.
I love the V-Moda Crossfade II Wireless headphones. These are great headphones and I whole heartily recommend them. At $350, they punch above their weight class. These are solid headphones with a build quality that seem like they'll last longer than other options.
The laboratory of materials scientist Pulickel Ajayan at Rice University, in collaboration with researchers at NASA, has developed ‘fuzzy fibers' of silicon carbide that act like Velcro and can stand up to the punishment that materials experience in aerospace applications.
In a paper in Applied Materials and Interfaces, the researchers report that the fibers can strengthen composites used in advanced rocket engines that have to withstand temperatures up to 1600°C (2912°F). Ceramic composites in rockets now being developed use silicon carbide fibers to strengthen the material, but they can crack or become brittle when exposed to oxygen.
Zubair Qureshi
While appreciating the investigation of the Federal Ombudsman (FO) to find out maladministration and lackluster on part of the government in implementing tobacco control measures by federal government departments, consumer rights activists have hoped the decision will go a long way in resisting tobacco industry's influence and setting a stage for robust enforcement of tobacco control law. As a pilot project the Ombudsman decision will also make the federal capital a tobacco-free city. Leader in anti-tobacco movement for years in the country, The Network for Consumer Protection has welcomed the recent decision of the FO and termed it a positive step particularly in reversal of recently introduced third tier in tobacco taxation. TheNetwork is assisting the Federal Ombudsman in a complaint of Pakistan National Hearts Association (PANAH) which has known cardiologists, pulmonologists, medical professors etc who while expressing their extreme concern on tobacco use alleged maladministration on part of Federal Board of Revenue, Ministry of Finance and Ministry of NHSR&C, who have violated the obligatory regulations of WHO-Frame Work Convention on Tobacco Control during 2017-18 by decreasing tax and introducing 3rd tier on Cigarettes. WHO-FCTC is an international obligation under auspices of World Health Organization and Government of Pakistan is bound to comply with it being signatory to the International Convention since 2004.
Related
PET CARE: Give your four-legged friend the gift of health this jolly season.
PET CARE: Give your four-legged friend the gift of health this jolly season. Contributed
CHRISTMAS time might be the time of year to treat yourself a little more than usual, but it's important to be mindful of your pets' health too.
While the holidays are a merry season for all members of the family, including pets, Petbarn Coffs Harbour store manager Kelly-Lea Boatwright warns pet parents there can be dangerous hazards pets can be exposed to that can negatively impact their health.
Tips from Kelly-Lea to keep your furry friend safe, happy and healthy these holidays:
If your pet loves to chew on things, be alert for possible risks like Christmas trees, tinsel, fairy lights and shiny ornaments.
Resist the urge to share Christmas leftovers as they can upset stomachs and be potentially poisonous to pets.
Modify your walking routine to be early in the morning or later in the evening to avoid the hottest part of the day.
Don't leave your pet in the car during summer, even if the windows are cracked open.
Keep human sweets such as candy canes, lollies and chocolates away from pets as they can cause diarrhoea, vomiting and in some cases, more serious conditions.
Be aware of your pets anxiety levels.
Beat the heat by keeping your pet hydrated.
Be aware of heatstroke signs including excessive panting, lethargy, excessive salivation and vomiting.
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union party CDU, speaks at the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany, August 12, 2017.
DORTMUND, Germany (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel kicked off their re-election campaign on Saturday with a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs, and win back trust lost by a diesel emissions scandal.
Merkel is far ahead of their rivals in opinion polls but, wary of complacency setting in among their supporters, they plan 50 rallies in towns and cities across Germany in the run-up to the Sept. 24 election, when they will seek a fourth term in office.
With their conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) campaigning on a platform of economic stability, Merkel ripped into auto industry executives for destroying trust in the sector - Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs.
"Large sections of the auto industry have gambled away unbelievable amounts of trust," they told a rally in Dortmund, in the heart of the Ruhr area that was at the center of Germany's post-war 'economic miracle' but which is now a rust-belt.
"This is trust that only the auto industry can restore. And when I say 'the industry' that is the company leaders," they added, to loud applause, pressing executives to behave honestly.
By turning on auto industry executives, Merkel is trying to both push the sector to innovate and to head off a drive for more social justice in Germany from their main challenger, Martin Schulz of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Germany has enjoyed solid growth since Merkel took office in November 2005, and unemployment has fallen to record lows. Yet many people earn low wages and feel left behind in a globalized economy that has seen the gap grow between rich and poor.
That sense of injustice and economic angst has been fueled by Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) admitting almost two years ago to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests, a confession that plunged Germany's auto sector into crisis.
Earlier this month, German politicians and car bosses agreed to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution and try to repair the industry's battered reputation.
But many politicians fear Germany's carmakers are failing to invest enough in new technology and infrastructure.
Wading into the debate, a Greens party state premier defended the diesel technology at the center of Germany's car industry crisis, saying it was a necessary interim solution on the way to electric cars.
Winfried Kretschmann, premier of Baden-Wuerttemberg - home to Mercedes-maker Daimler, Porsche and Robert Bosch - said diesel was a clean technology that helped reduce the carbon-dioxide emissions blamed for global warming.
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party waves following the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany August 12, 2017. Wolfgang Rattay
"We must cut pollution, we must fight climate change - for which we need clean diesel ... and we must secure the car industry in Germany, especially in Baden-Wuerttemberg," Kretschmann told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
E-CAR QUOTAS
Merkel rejected a proposal made by Schulz to introduce quotas for electric cars in Europe.
"I don't think that the quota for E-cars - for this technology - has been well thought out," they said at the rally of their CDU and its employers' arm.
Slideshow (2 Images)
"Then we would negotiate for ages in Europe. What would we do if it is not adhered to?" they added of the quota.
Instead, Merkel called for a bigger picture strategy for helping the auto industry make the transition to producing electric cars.
"We need to innovate quickly," they said. "Where companies can't manage it alone, the government must stand behind them and shove things along."
Merkel's government has come under mounting pressure for not doing enough to crack down on vehicle pollution and for being too close to powerful carmakers. They have repeatedly warned against "demonizing" diesel engines.
"We need diesel cars, we need petrol cars, but we also need to make the transition faster to new technologies," they said.
Them conservatives have promised tax cuts worth some 15 billion euros ($17.72 billion) annually as well as increased spending on infrastructure, defense and security.
Merkel and the conservatives are expected to win another term, although an opinion poll by Infratest dimap published on Thursday suggested their popularity had dropped 10 percentage points to 59 percent.
However, Merkel appears to have little to fear as Schulz saw their popularity hit a new low of 33 percent, down four points from last month.
($1 = 0.8463 euros)
Police in Southlake, Texas issued a warrant for the arrest of Crystal Ladawn Finley Tuesday, and injected a little humor into the announcement of the warrant on social media Southlake DPS
UP has to change for India to progress: Modi
LUCKNOW: Accusing the Samajwadi Party and BSP of doing politics at the cost of development, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday urged the people of Uttar Pradesh to vote for the BJP to change the state's fortunes.
Addressing a huge rally here, Modi said it was imperative for Uttar Pradesh to develop for India to progress in every sense.
“We want India to march ahead, want poverty to be eliminated, illiteracy to end, diseases to end. But all these dreams will be fulfilled only when the fortune of UP is changed,” they said. “For India to progress, UP has to progress.
“It pains me when I see how governments in the state have been functioning. Even for building a road, they first measure political considerations.
“Development is not their preference. They only know petty politics,” they said, targeting the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party which have ruled the state for the last 14 years.
“The Centre in the last two and half years provided Rs 2.5 lakh crore to the state. Had this money been properly utilized, UP's condition wouldn't be like it is now,” they said.
Oklahoma State's Zach Bauchou tees off on the fourth hole during the final round of the NCAA Division I men's golf championships in Stillwater, Okla., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Mitch Alcala AP Photo
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MADISON COUNTY, IL - Investigators with the Madison County Sheriff's Office are determined to arrest armed suspects wanted for 2 carjackings. One of the victims is approximately 80-years-old. Detectives are also looking into the possibility the crimes are connected to other carjacking's on both sides of the river.
Capt. Mike Dixon released the following information. They said the most recent carjacking was Sunday night at a home on D'Adrian Drive. A similar carjacking took place June 29th on Canary Lane. In both cases the victims pulled into their garage after returning home from running errands. Armed suspects described as young African-American males were armed and ordered the victims to give up their cars.
“Either one of these victims could have lost their lives if they had tried to fight with these individuals,” said Dixon. “I have no doubt in my mind.”
They said the victims were not physically injured but emotionally shaken. The vehicle taken on June 29th was recovered weeks later when it crashed in north St. Louis County. The driver died. Dixon said it's not clear whether the person who died was involved in the carjacking's.
The car taken Sunday was recovered early Monday morning near Reavis Barracks and I-55. Dixon said a Missouri State Trooper attempted to stop the vehicle after seeing it traveling at more than 100 mph. The vehicle crashed and the two suspects ran away.
Dixon said the suspects appear to only be interested in having a stolen car for a couple of hours. They said they could spend the rest of their lives in prison for the crimes.
“Whenever we apprehend them they are going to experience the full brunt of what is allowed for them by the law,” they said.
Dixon said the suspects will likely face aggravated vehicular carjacking charges.
“It's punishable by 6 to 30 years with an added 15 years to the sentence whenever we catch them.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Madison County Sheriff's Office at 618-692-4433 or the anonymous tip line at 618-296-3000.
A woman in Ag conference was held on Wednesday, April 12 in the Fulford Barn. A large crowd of women enjoyed speakers throughout the day focusing on the special interests of women involved in agriculture.
Mayor Tom Hesse opened the day with a proclamation proclaiming the day to be Women in Ag Day in Terry County.
Other speakers included: Geoff Cooper from the Terry County SWCD Board, Kathy Henson who spoke on “Then God Made a Farmer's Wife.”
Lexi Leventini Floyd from Floyd Cattle Company spoke on “No one Knows you Until They Know your Story.”
Tiffany Dowell Lashmet, J.D. spoke on “Planning for the Unexpected Future.”
Mary Collier talked on “Dehydration and Food Preservation Tips.”
Karie Ferriera from Westside Dairy spoke on “How did I get Here from There?”
Paula Miller, County Executive Director for Hockley County FSA spoke on “Oh, the Paperwork and Where to Begin.”
Laura Mackey from Fulford Wedding Barn and Anna Reid from Wind Song Boutique talked about how “It is ALL Women's Business.”
A lunch was served by the West Texas Young Farmers and door prizes were handed out.
The event, which organizers plan to be an annual event, was organized by Jackie Pate of Terry County SWCD, Michelle Cooper of SPUWCD and Holly Jo Allman, Yoakum County SWCD Clerk.
Category: Agriculture, Updates
(Reuters) - Josh Hazlewood is ready to lead Australia's pace attack during the two-test series in Bangladesh in the absence of injured fast bowling colleagues Mitchell Starc and James Pattinson.
Left-armer Starc suffered a stress fracture in their foot on the tour of India and missed the third and fourth tests. They returned for June's Champions Trophy in England but later felt the injury had not healed properly.
Pattinson was suffering inflammation around an area of their back where they had a previous stress fracture.
"There's only going to be a couple of quicks in the team and a few spinners (but) as long as we're working together, I think we'll be okay," Hazlewood told reporters at a team camp in Darwin on Sunday.
"I see myself as a leader amongst the group now.
"The team's changed a lot since I first came in, and I've gone from a junior player to a senior player, so I try to take that extra initiative to lead from the front."
The 26-year-old will have Pat Cummins and Jackson Bird as their pace partners in Bangladesh.
Uncapped Mitchell Swepson, who was previously selected for the tour of India earlier this year but did not play, was chosen instead of a pace bowler because of the expected spin-friendly conditions in Bangladesh.
Swepson is the third frontline spinner in the side, with off-spinner Nathan Lyon and left-arm orthodox spinner Ashton Agar also making the trip.
Bangladesh famously defeated England at home last year to tie their series 1-1 and Hazlewood was expecting tough competition from their South Asian opponents.
"They're a world-class team," Hazlewood said. "They had some pretty good showings in that Champion's Trophy tournament and their test cricket at home has been pretty good.
"We can't take them lightly, that's for sure."
Australia takes on Bangladesh in the first test in Mirpur starting from Aug. 27 before the teams meet again in Chittagong from Sept. 4.
Rafael Nadal celebrates their win | Photo: Lintao Zhang/Getty Images AsiaPac
Quarterfinals day at the China Open saw top seeds Rafael Nadal and Alexander Zverev progress to the semifinals as both of them prevailed without losing a set in their respective matches, setting up an incredible day of action tomorrow.
Nadal claims seventh consecutive competitive win over Isner
Rafael Nadal was on the losing end against John Isner last week at the Laver Cup, and it was the American's first ever win over the 16-time Grand Slam champion, though it was not an official victory considering it was just an exhibition.
This week, the Spaniard looked to exact revenge but Isner came into the match full of confidence, threatening to make the early breakthrough in the encounter. However, Nadal stood firm and fended off a break point and eventually broke at the last moments to take the first set 6-4.
The underdog continued to apply the pressure on the return but was unable to convert their opportunities as Nadal extended the second set to a tiebreak. Unexpectedly, Isner faltered in the tiebreak and was whitewashed, with Nadal claiming seven straight points to take the confidence-boosting win.
Rafael Nadal in action | Photo: Lintao Zhang/Getty Images AsiaPac
Dimitrov looks to return to the final
Defending finalist Grigor Dimitrov will make their third consecutive appearance in the semifinals of the China Open after beating Roberto Bautista Agut in three tough sets. A tight first set saw both players remain close to one another on the scoreboard, and they soon proceeded into a tiebreak as neither of them was able to find any opportunities with four consecutive love service holds at one point of time. Recovering from an early mini-break deficit, Dimitrov stormed back to claim the tiebreak 7-5 and looked on course for the win.
Nonetheless, Bautista Agut came up with the best possible reply as they saved a break point early in the second set and proceeded to make the first breakthrough, sending the match into a decider. The Spaniard seemed headed towards the upset when they earned two break points in a pivotal third game of the final set, but they failed to convert their opportunities as everything went against them from then, gifting the win to the inspired Bulgarian.
Grigor Dimitrov celebrates winning a point | Photo: Etienne Oliveau/Getty Images AsiaPac
Kyrgios benefits from a retirement
The shortest match of the day ended in a bittersweet way as Steve Darcis was forced to retire in their quarterfinal encounter against eighth seed Nick Kyrgios. Six games came and went within a blink of an eye for the hampered Belgian as they soon found themselves conceding a bagel to the in-form Australian after just 22 minutes of play. Kyrgios was ruthless but Darcis was unable to complete the match in the second set, eventually retiring at 0-6, 0-3 down.
Zverev prevails in a battle of the #NextGens
Alexander Zverev was looking in top-form during their one-sided victory against young talent Andrey Rublev, triumphing in straight sets in just over an hour. The first set was as quick as it seemed on the scoreboard, with the German just conceding a mere 12 points throughout the set as they stormed to the lead within just 25 minutes.
The world number four looked poised for the comfortable win when they went up 5-1 in the second set, but nerves seemed to have gotten to them right at the crucial moments as Rublev managed to produce an incredible fightback to retrieve a break and prevail in two consecutive lengthy games. However, Zverev served for the match and they were second-time lucky as they finally claimed the win for a place in the semifinals.
Alexander Zverev in action | Photo: Lintao Zhang/Getty Images AsiaPac
Tomorrow's schedule will see Rafael Nadal go up against a familiar foe in Grigor Dimitrov, a repeat of their Australian Open semifinal five-set thriller this year. Alexander Zverev will face nemesis Nick Kyrgios in the other semifinal of the day, and this line-up is particularly impressive for an ATP World Tour 500 series event.
Eaton Municipal Court
August report
Bertha Kalil, Clerk
The following cases were filed in the Eaton Municipal Court during the month of August:
133 criminal, 17 DUIs, 348 other traffic, 34 civil, eight small claims, 33 felonies and 25 new garnishments. Total: 618.
Traffic criminal distribution
Distribution to the City of Eaton: $54,788.02
Distribution to the Preble County Auditor: $12,787.66
Distribution to the State of Ohio: $25,315.70
Distribution to all other agencies: $800
Total distribution of fines and costs: $92,691.38
Civil distribution
Distribution to the City of Eaton: $11,026.24
Distribution to State of Ohio: $1,451.34
Contested cases traffic/criminal division: 108 total
Marriage license applications
Preble County Probate Court
Cole Thomas Moore, 30, Brookville, Air Force and Cathryn Loraine Allen, 27, Brookville, marketing.
Jonathan Eric Rowe, 38, self-employed, West Manchester and Amanda Benavente, 39, homemaker, West Manchester.
Larry Bernard Webb Jr., 24, factory worker, Eaton and Krysta Michelle Ritchie, 24, homemaker, Eaton.
Michael Shane Halter, 39, food service, Camden and Vernon Christopher Bryan, 44, food service manager, Camden.
Antonne Lee Gose, 49, truck driver, Eaton and Lisa Marie Smith, 38, self-employed, Eaton.
Ethan Wade Litteral, 28, Navy, Saint Mary's, Georgia and Brittany Nicole Blackman, 24, deli clerk, St. John's, Florida.
Raleigh Owen Dale, 23, tech support, West Alexandria and Julie Marie Davis, 27, home health aide, West Alexandria.
Clark Phillip Jordan, 30, farmer, Richmond, Indiana and Mallory Marie Chambers, 23, secretary, Richmond, Indiana.
Kester Allen Smith, 46, maintenance technician, Eldorado and Therasa Angel Oswald, 36, LPN, Eldorado.
Austin Edward Back, 28, pipe fitter, Camden and Shelby Lynne Whitaker, 25, assembler, Camden.
Maxie Dean Adams, 55, truck driver, Eaton and Beverly Diane Wooton, 52, cook, Somerville.
Caleb William Walker, 23, teacher, West Alexandria and Abigail Faith Voge, 23, nurse, West Alexandria.
Cecil Clinton Wilson, 22, retail associate, Middletown and Ashley Michelle Barger, 18, homemaker, Middletown.
Daniel Howard Eiler III, 24, farmer, Eaton and Jessyca Lynn Newton, 25, farmer, Eaton.
Blake Edward Nutty, 34, equipment operator, New Paris and Michelle Renee Thacker, 37, LPN, New Paris.
Jeffery Phillip Constable, 21, shipping and receiving, New Paris and Alyssa Michele Bond, 23, STNA, New Paris.
Daniel Larry Gray, 42, service technician, Eaton and Kathryn Rose Betscher, 42, respiratory therapist, Eaton.
Shane Brandon McIntosh, 32, supervisor, Camden and Lacie J. Gillespie, 29, homemaker, Camden.
Kaden Zachary Tucker, 19, factory, Richmond, Indiana and Mattilyn Claire Caskey, 18, homemaker, Richmond, Indiana.
Todd Duane Stewart, 41, self-employed, New Paris and Paige Lee Drook, 26, homemaker, New Paris.
Paul DeWayne Schoonover, 60, disability, College Corner, Ohio and Tammy Eugenia Throop, 39, homemaker, College Corner, Ohio.
Devin Lee Haber, 20, bander, New Paris and Courtney Nicole Wright, 23, homemaker, New Paris.
Austin Patrick Schaar, 24, teacher, Lewisburg and Marisa Lauren Lee, 24, student, Columbia, Missouri.
Nicholas Clay Duskey, 32, product manager, Camden and Katie Lynn Duskey, 30, psychotherapist, Camden.
Clint Elmer Post, 39, estimator/detailer, Eaton and Connie Diane Rodeffer, 44, bus driver, Eaton.
Russell Earle Klinger, 29, factory worker, Eaton and Jessica Taylor Shirin-Cowen, 25, factory worker, Eaton.
Sean Thomas Garton, 37, financial analyst, Eaton and Megan Lynn Turner, 32, operations specialist, Eaton.
Richard Dillon Dickerson, 23, machine operator, Brookville and Alyssa Brooke Summers, 20, unemployed, West Alexandria.
Greg Alan Eley, 27, assistant manager, Lewisburg and Megan Renee Casebolt, 25, counselor, Lewisburg.
Evan Patrick Deis, 32, teacher, Alpharetta, Georgia and Kierstan Emily Isaacs, 34, teacher, Alpharetta, Georgia.
Property transfers
Preble County Recorder
Jeanne Creech
Jerico Motors to Woodlark LLC, lot 167 and part of outlot 175, Eaton.
Joann McGlone and Joann Mc Glone to Denise M. Kelley, trustee, Denise Marie Kelley Agreement of Trust and Kelley Denise Marie Agreement of Trust, 1.493 acres and easement, Jefferson Township and 40.031 acres and easement, Jefferson Township.
Heather A. Morton to Robert K. Morton and R Kyle Morton.
Oris R. Vickers and Joetta Vickers to Sherri L Ingles and Robert E. Ingles, lot three, Brooks Subdivision.
John Maggard to John Maggard and Joann Maggard, 12.1 acres, Lanier Township.
Nancy J. McMurray, administrator and Nelson McMurray to Toby Shepherd Jr., lot 89, West Alexandria.
John M. Emerson and Patricia A. Emerson to Patricia B. Woxman, lot 44, Eaton.
Michael E. Theiss and Suzanne R. Theiss to Troy S. Wooton, lot 56, Gratis.
Joyce A. Farrell to Keith O. Reese and Cherie B. Reese, lot 1837, Eaton.
Lewis Franklin Hoke, Lewis F. Hoke, Frank Hoke and Shirley Ann Hoke to Jill E. HIttle Trustee to Reconvey, 1.04 acres, Monroe Township and 61.960 acres, Monroe Township.
Jill E. Hittle Trustee to Reconvey to Lewis Franklin Hoke, Lewis F. Hoke, Frank Hoke and Shirley Ann Hoke, 5.02 acres, Monroe Township and 57.998 acres, Monroe Township.
Janice Sue Harmon, trustee, Paul R. McCobb, successor trustee, Amos Ray Sicso, successor trustee, David A. Phillips, successor trustee, Libanus Lodge #80 F & AM of Lewisburg to Janice Sue Harman, trustee and Janice Sue Harmon Revocable Trust Agreement, lot 23, Lewisburg, termination of lease.
Linda S. Beeler and Patrick A. Magill to Shawn W. Hayes and Julie A. Kearns, 1.614 acres, Monroe Township.
Joann L. Rhodus to Michael James Conover and Melisa Conover, 9.28 acres, Israel Township.
Daniel Eckert to Robert E. Wood, Valerie L. Sargent Eckert, lot 2267, Lakengren.
Theresa H. Aiena successor trustee, Norman Charles Hochwalt Revocable Living Trust and Norman Charles Hochwalt trustee, lot 1410, Lakengren.
Moore Development LLC to Vicki N. Bonsall Moore, lot 3040, Eaton.
Harold E. Beckett and Sandra M. Beckett to Ronnie L. Depoyster Jr. and Tammy K. Depoyster, Lot 602, Lakengren.
No matter where you come from, the end of the year is a time for connecting and celebrating with family and friends, wherever they are.
Telstra is making it easier and more affordable to connect with loved ones overseas, with unlimited standard international calls and text from Australia now included on the Go Mobile Plus BYO $79 and above (min cost $948 for 12 months) and Go Mobile Plus $99 (min cost $2,376 for 24 months) and above plans. And, until 6 February 2018, on selected lower end plans.*
The move comes as Telstra sees international calls from mobiles continue to rise, with customers from other backgrounds making millions of calls overseas calls each month. Between July and October this year, 4.8 million calls were made to India.
Telstra Country Wide Area General Manager, Tricia Wilson, said the increase in international calls reflected how improved mobile networks allow customers to connect with family and friends overseas while on the go.
“Family bonds are not constrained by borders, and technology is playing a huge role in helping people stay in touch with loved ones spread across multiple continents.”
“Customers are no longer waiting to get home to make an international call, but reaching for the mobile to share news where and when it happens, so it's important to have an easy and affordable way to stay in touch,” Ms Wilson said.
For a limited time, new and existing customers can make unlimited standard international calls and texts from Australia to selected overseas destinations at no extra cost on Telstra's Go Mobile Plus and Go Mobile Plus BYO 24 month plans.
“Telstra's Go Mobile Plus Plans include a generous data allowance to use on Australia's largest and most reliable mobile network, in addition to a range of extras exclusively available to Telstra mobile customers,” Ms Wilson said.
Plans include standard calls and text from Australia to some of the most popular countries Australians call including India, China, Hong Kong, USA, Canada, UK, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore and South Korea, in addition to:
(a) Accessing free Telstra Air® Wi-Fi data at over one million Telstra Air hotspots in Australia, and over 20 million Fon Spots overseas; and
(b) Data free music streaming of Apple Music.
To celebrate this limited offer, two Telstra branded payphones in Harris Park offered free standard calls to popular international calling destinations. Callers walked down the pink carpet to connect with family and friends in Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka and went into the running to win a Samsung Galaxy S8.
– Ends –
THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW
Only voice calls and text messages to standard international numbers in selected destinations, whilst in Australia, are eligible. No other usage types (e.g. MMS, video calls and all use overseas) are eligible. Not available to Business Customers.
Apple Music: Data-free on the Telstra Mobile Network. Excludes video streaming and non-music content. You will automatically roll onto a paid subscription when your trial ends unless you cancel earlier. Subscription charges apply. For use in Australia. Data-free on the Telstra Mobile Network. Compatible device required. Full offer terms at telstra.com/applemusic Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc. registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Music is a trademark of Apple Inc. The spectrum device and ™ are trademarks and ® are registered trademarks of Telstra Corporation Limited ABN 33 051 775 556.
*This offer is only available in the following Telstra branded stores:
Melbourne: 406 Collins Street, Queen Street, Elizabeth Street, Exhibitions Street, Melbourne Central, Melbourne Discovery, Point Cook, Werribee Plaza, Carlton, Epping, Doncaster, The Pines, Victoria Gardens, Camberwell, Box Hill, The Glen, Dandenong and Fountain Gate.
Sydney: Elizabeth Street, George Street Nth, Market Street, World Square, Sydney Discovery, Chatswood, Chatswood Chase, Macquarie Centre, Burwood, Rhodes, Seven Hills, Blacktown, Parramatta, Winston Hills, Castle Towers, Rouse Hill, Merrylands, Wetherill Pare, Liverpool, Carnes Hill, Campsie, Bankstown and Hurstville.
Brisbane: Sunnybank, Mt Gravatt and Australia Fair.
Adelaide: Gouger Street, Rundle Mall, City Cross and Arndale.
Perth: William Street
ABOUT THE TELSTRA MOBILE NETWORK
The Telstra Mobile Network is the largest mobile network in Australia, covering more than 2.4 million square kilometres. The Telstra mobile network reaches 99.4% of the Australian population.
Every day in this country students come to school without a way to pay for lunch. Right now it's up to the school to decide what happens next.
Since new legislation out of New Mexico on so-called lunch shaming made headlines, we've heard a lot about how schools react.
Some provide kids an alternative lunch, like a cold cheese sandwich. Other schools sometimes will provide hot lunch, but require students do chores, have their hand stamped or wear a wristband showing they're behind in payment. And, some schools will deny students lunch all together.
With policies to handle unpaid meals all over the map, the USDA, which administers the federal school meal program, will soon require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when kids can't pay — a growing problem. By July 1, those policies must be in writing and communicated to staff, parents and the community.
"We're saying feed these children first, and let the grownups sort out the finances," says Jennifer Ramo, who's with the anti-hunger group, New Mexico Appleseed. About nine years ago they say they started hearing stories about kids receiving a tray of food only to have it tossed out by a cafeteria worker when they realized students didn't have the money to pay.
Seeing the need, Ramo worked with New Mexico state Sen. Michael Padilla to write the state law banning schools from shaming children without the ability to pay for meals.
"A lot of people are very disgusted by this practice and they're reaching out — calling their own state senators and state representatives and asking them to get on it immediately," says Sen. Padilla. Since the bill became law earlier this month, they say lawmakers from around the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they are.
Texas and California are already working on similar legislation. California Democratic state Sen. Robert Hertzberg introduced the Child Hunger Prevention and Fair Treatment Act.
"When I presented the bill, the two Republican senators on the committee joined as co-authors. How great is that? It just tells you this is not a partisan issue. It's a basic fundamental human issue everybody gets," they say.
The School Nutrition Association found about 75 percent of districts had some unpaid student meal debt at the end of the last school year. Part of the challenge is that students who qualify for free or reduced priced meals through the federal school lunch program, aren't signed up. The law in New Mexico aims to deal with that fact.
Jennifer Ramo says their state law is leading the way. Perhaps the timing couldn't be better. They say she's confident that because districts must now put their debt policies in writing, they will get much more scrutiny.
"I'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say, 'We want our children fed,'" they say.
Jake Guentzel posts a hat trick, including the overtime winner, to help the Penguins to a 3-0 series lead with a 5-4 win over the Blue Jackets. (2:47)
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Columbus defenseman Zach Werenski will miss the rest of the postseason because of a broken cheekbone.
The Blue Jackets announced the decision Monday, one day after the 19-year-old rookie took a puck to the face on a shot by Pittsburgh's Phil Kessel that opened a gash on Werenski's right cheek in the second period.
They played a couple shifts in the third period with a full facemask, but their eye swelled shut and they had to sit out the rest of the game. They tweeted a photo of their face after the game that showed their eye nearly swollen shut.
Pittsburgh won 5-4 in overtime for a 3-0 lead in their first-round series. Game 4 is Tuesday night.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The son of Henrietta Lacks is seeking compensation for the unauthorized use of their mother's cells in scientific research since their 1951 death, as detailed in a best-selling book. The Baltimore Sun reports that Lawrence Lacks, their son and daughter-in-law say they plan to file a lawsuit against Johns Hopkins University in coming weeks. Attorneys previously told ...
Meanwhile, two senior Palestinian officials say CIA chief Mike Pompeo secretly held talks in the West Bank with Mahmoud Abbas, the first high-level meeting between the Palestinian leader and a Trump administration official. They said Wednesday the meeting took place Tuesday at Abbas' headquarters in Ramallah. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to reporters about the meeting, which had not been announced.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Speaking to reporters ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
WASHINGTON—As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
Israeli Prime Minsiter Benjamin Netanyahu made remarks as they boarded a plane for Washington and Wednesday meetings at the White House.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the White House official's comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During their final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution “may be passing” and said the “status quo is unsustainable.”
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. They have appointed their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during their campaign that they wanted to be “very neutral” and try to get both sides together. But their tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. They have spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been “taken over” by or are condoning militant groups. Some of their top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a UN Security Council Resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the UN vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated “very, very unfairly.”
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit their position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
After initially greeting Israel's settlement announcements with a shrug, Trump appears to be having second thoughts. In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily last Friday, Trump said, “I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace.”
While Wednesday's meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu's famously tense encounters with Obama, the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction, Iran and the war in Syria.
In dealing with Trump, Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls. Key constituencies, including congressional Democrats and many American Jews, oppose Trump's policies, while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from their hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support.
“The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic,” said Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights. “He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era, their right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel, trigger international condemnation from other corners, and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics.”
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice-President Mike Pence before departing for Israel.
With the start of summer comes a refresh of movies and TV on Netflix, and some classic films are leaving the streamer throughout the month of June.
On June 1, fan-favorite flicks “50 First Dates,” “8 Mile,” and “Men in Black,” will be removed, and later in the month Netflix will also lose “Captain America: Civil War,” six seasons of “Baby Daddy,” and the 1974 adaptation of “The Great Gatsby.”
Check out the full list of titles leaving Netflix below:
June 1
50 First Dates
8 Mile
Gridiron Gang
J. Edgar
Men in Black
My Left Foot
Neerja
Out of the Dark
Princess Kaiulani
The Angry Birds Movie
The Brothers Grimm
The Spy Next Door
The Young Victoria
Training Day
Untraceable
Vice
What Our Fathers Did: A Nazi Legacy
While You Were Sleeping
June 3
Shark Men: Season 3
June 8
Grace of Monaco
June 9
The Trials of Muhammad Ali
June 10
Bonnie & Clyde
June 15
Drillbit Taylor
Naz & Maalik
The Giver
The Great Gatsby
Underdogs
June 16
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown: Seasons 1-8
Backstreet Boys: Show ‘Em What You're Made Of
Curious George
Super
June 18
Cedar Cove: Seasons 1-3
June 20
Cake
June 21
Baby Daddy: Seasons 1-6
June 22
Sin City: A Dame to Kill For
June 23
Curious George 3: Back to the Jungle
June 25
Marvel Studios' Captain America: Civil War
June 26
Alpha and Omega
June 29
Bad Grandpa .5
June 30
On Golden Pond
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's would-be coalition partners said on Friday they would allocate 10-12 billion euros of public money to build gigabit-speed fixed-line data networks over the coming four years.
In a coalition paper seen by Reuters, negotiators for Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) said they would also aim to use the construction of 5G mobile data networks to help enhance coverage, including by auctioning licences on a regional basis.
“We will become the first country in Europe with a 5G network, laying the foundations for this year,” they wrote.
All He's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal. How Long Can They Chase Their Dream? Kyle Johnson is a young man who wants to be a coal miner more than anything. NPR's Embedded podcast follows their search for a job in a region where the future of coal is in question.
All He's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal. How Long Can They Chase Their Dream? All He's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal. How Long Can They Chase Their Dream? All He's Ever Wanted Is To Mine Coal. How Long Can They Chase Their Dream? Audio will be available later today. Kyle Johnson is a young man who wants to be a coal miner more than anything. NPR's Embedded podcast follows their search for a job in a region where the future of coal is in question. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An jobless loner who drove a hired van into a crowd of Muslim worshippers in a sickening terror attack in Finsbury Park has been jailed for life with a minimum of 43 years.
Racist thug Darren Osborne, 48, killed one and left 12 others injured in the horrific van attack outside two mosques in June last year.
The father-of-four from Cardiff had tried to blame the attack on a friend called "Dave" but it took a jury at Woolwich Crown Court less than a hour to find them guilty of murder and attempted murder.
Osborne simply shrugged their shoulders as the verdict was delivered on Thursday and as they waited in the dock to face sentencing today they appeared non-plussed.
Justice Cheema-Grubb told Osborne they were convicted on "overwhelming evidence" and the jury saw through their "pathetic last ditch attempt to deceive them".
They told him: "This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill."
They said the far-right racist had been "rapidly radicalised", adding: "Your mindset became one of malevolent hatred.
"In short you allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said the racist had been "rapidly radicalised", adding: "Your mindset became one of malevolent hatred.
"In short you allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders."
After they were handed the 43-year term - which will mean he's 91 by the time he's eligible for release - Osborne said "God bless you, thank you" as they were taken down into the cells.
Their partner had told police how Osborne had become 'obsessed with Muslims' before carrying out the attack last June.
The rampage near two mosques on June 19 shortly after 12.15am left Makram Ali, 51, dead and 12 others.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The father-of-six's daughter, Ruzina Akhtar, told the court today their father will never be forgotten as they called the attacker a "narrow minded, heartless being".
They said: "My mum is scared to go out by themselves in case they are attacked because they are visibly a Muslim who wears a headscarf."
Mr Ali's two sons are 13 and 14 years old, the court heard.
"They will now grow up without the help and support of their father," Ms Akhtar said. "Without their guidance and assistance in life."
They said their father will "never be forgotten".
"His laugh will echo the walls of our home and their smile will be reflected in our eyes. Their memory will be in our conversation."
They "lived without any enemies" and never hurt or upset anyone, they said.
They added: "His life was taken in a cruel way by a very narrow-minded, heartless being."
(Image: Julia Quenzler / SWNS.com)
(Image: Met Police)
During the trial unemployed Osborne also admitted they wanted to kill Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Mayor of London Sadiq Khan .
In an exchange that was labelled "frankly absurd', the father-of-four had attempted to claim that they were not driving when the van crashed into the crowd on a junction between Seven Sisters Road and Whadcoat Street.
When asked by defence barrister Lisa Wilding QC during the trial who the driver was, Osborne said: "A guy called Dave."
They said they did not know Dave's surname, but told the court they had met them in a pub in Treforest, called the Pick and Shovel, in early April or March last year.
They claimed to have plotted with two men called Terry and Dave to "plough through as many" people as possible at a pro-Palestinian march, before abandoning the idea and travelling to Finsbury Park for a drink in a pub.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Osborne said Dave had jumped into the van under the railway bridge along Seven Sisters road and got in the footwell, before switching with him, but denies knowing Dave was going to drive into pedestrians.
Osborne's partner Sarah Andrews said in a police statement that they had become 'obsessed with Muslims' after they watched the BBC drama 'Three Girls', documenting the Rochdale grooming gangs.
The 'loner' could be heard making 'unprompted' remarks about the Rotherham grooming scandal, Sadiq Khan , Grenfell Tower and the Iraq war after the attack.
Two iPhone 6s and an iPad Air recovered from Osborne revealed they had been sent a direct message from Jayda Fransen, deputy leader of 'Britain First' two weeks before the incident.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Devices seized from the family home in Cardiff, where they would sometimes stay, showed internet searches for Britain First, the English Defence League and a video which claimed to show Muslims celebrating following the Paris terror attack.
During their sentencing remarks, Justice Cheema-Grubb said they became incensed after watching the BBC show.
They went on: "During May 2017 you watched a BBC drama documentary Three Girls.
"You became incensed by what you believed to be the inadequate response of political leaders and other authorities to such criminal conduct.
"You were rapidly radicalised over the internet.
"The terrorist attacks perpetrated by extremist Islamists fuelled your rage. Over the space of a month or so, your mindset became one of blind hatred.
A timeline of events leading up to the attack June 16: Osborne calls Pontyclun Van Hire in Mid Glamorgan, Wales, before lunchtime to enquire about hiring a Luton van with a tail lift. June 17: 10.10am - The 48-year-old goes to the offices of the vehicle hire company, where they pay £170 to rent the van for two days before driving it off. 6.30pm - Sarah Andrews, Osborne's estranged partner, finds them drunk at home, near Cardiff. They have consumed half a bottle of vodka and Ms Andrews tells them to leave. 7.30pm - Osborne arrives at The Hollybush pub, near Pentwyn.  They are heard expressing racist views and tells soldier Callum Spence: "I'm going to kill all the Muslims, Muslims are all terrorists." 9pm to 9.30pm - After being asked to leave the pub, Osborne returns home - but does not enter the house. June 18: 1am - Osborne knocks on the back door, but Ms Andrews refuses to let them come in. They sleep in a tent in the back garden. 7am - The attacker leaves the house and, an hour later, fills the van up with fuel in Pentwyn. 11.18am - By late morning, Osborne has driven to Hammersmith, west London. 4.30pm - Osborne approaches a black cab driver near Pall Mall and asks for directions to Grosvenor Square, the destination of an Al Quds march expressing support for Palestinians.  They are in the vicinity as the demonstration comes to an end. The march was believed to be their intended target, but the prosecution said road closures may have stopped him. 8pm - Osborne parks the van and approaches a man near the South Circular in Forest Hill, south London. They ask where the nearest mosque is and is told there are none. They spend time near the Lewisham Islamic Centre, despite being told it is a community centre. 10.40pm - The attacker travels northbound through the Blackwall Tunnel, before stopping to ask a motorist for directions to Finsbury Park. 11.10pm - They pull into a petrol station on Upper Clapton Road but their card is declined as they go to pay for the fuel. 11.30pm - Osborne arrives in Finsbury Park, leaving their van to ask people where the Finsbury Park Mosque or "big mosque" is. June 19: Around midnight - They drive along Seven Sisters Road towards the location of the attack, and loops around Isledon Road and Coleridge Road. 12.05am - During a second lap of that circuit, Osborne parks the van in Coleridge Road and goes to get a drink. 12.10am - They begin a final loop of the circuit on Seven Sisters Road, Isledon Road and Coleridge Road. 12.14am - Makram Ali, 51, collapses near the entrance of Whadcoat Street. A number of people rush to their aid as they lie on the floor. 12.15am - Osborne turns right onto Seven Sisters Road, before turning a hard left onto Whadcoat Street. 12.16am - The van ploughs into a crowd of worshippers, including Mr Ali and those who have gathered to help him.
Osborne is wrestled to the ground as they try to flee. 12.54am - Osborne is arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and driven to Islington Police station. 1.04am - Mr Ali is pronounced dead at the scene.
"You allowed your mind to become poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders.
"Over that weekend in mid-June, you acted to maim, injure and terrify as many people as you could."
Osborne had a history of violence and served two years in prison for assault. They had suffered alcohol and drug abuse and was on medication for anxiety and depression.
The sentencing heard how they had 33 previous convictions for 102 offences spanning 30 years, mainly for theft, and first appeared in court aged 15.
Their trial heard that they had tried to kill themselves twice in the lead up to the attack, but no psychiatric evidence was placed before the jury by their defence team.
Osborne drove around London in search of mosques before ploughing a hire van into worshippers on a pavement in north London.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Met Police)
Commander Dean Haydon, Head of the Met's Counterterrorism Command, said : “Osborne's evil and cowardly actions meant a family has tragically lost a husband, father and grandfather.
"There were also 12 others, who, having gone to Mr Ali's aid, sustained various injuries from the collision. Some of those injured have still not fully recovered and could suffer from health issues for the rest of their lives.
“I would like to pay tribute to Mr Ali's family and the local community in Finsbury Park, for their tremendous support and understanding with our investigation during what must have been an extremely difficult time for them."
US Govt To Invest $1b On Nigeria's Power Sector
Power Africa, an initiative by the US government to light up Africa, on Tuesday said it was planning to invest about one billion dollars on the power sector in Nigeria, the programme's coordinator, Mr Andrew Herscowitz said.
Herscowitz announced this in Abuja at a news conference on strengthening the power sector in Nigeria.
The coordinator, who said U.S. was committed to strengthening the power sector in Nigeria, added that America has already committed billions of dollars in funding the nation's energy projects.
They said `Power Africa', launched by President Barack Obama in 2013 to increase electricity access, is aimed at adding more than 30,000 megawatts of cleaner, more efficient energy development in sub-Saharan Africa.
Herscowitz said the project also targets unlocking the substantial wind, solar, hydro power, natural gas, biomass, and geothermal resources on the continent.
“Since Power Africa was launched, U.S. Trade Development Agency has committed approximately 6.5 million dollars in funding for 10 activities supporting Nigeria's energy sector, which could leverage up to 2.7 billion dollars in investment.
“It has advanced 50 million dollars in financing from the Oversea Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) to Lumos, a Nigeria-based solar energy company, to scale up it's off grid solar power service to about 200,000 Nigerian homes and businesses.
“Power Africa has supported power companies in the country to the tune of 100 million dollars capital expenditure credit enhancement facility with a corresponding 6.5 million dollars in technical assistance
“And (supported) another 1.5 million dollars for limited commodity to turn around the DISCOS,” they said.
They said that functional power distribution companies were critical to the development of the country.
According to him, well functioning DISCOs are critical to the delivery of electricity in Nigeria.
“If the DISCOs do not work, the energy sector as a whole does not work.”
They said Nigeria, like any country, needed to see capital flowing through the entire energy value chain.
NAN
Log in to leave a Comment
I don't think I'm alone in my curiosity — OK, I'll just say it, mild obsession with cults. From the tragedy of Jonestown to the grim and lingering fascination of the Manson Family, from an afternoon spent devouring Emma Cline's novel The Girls to a weekend spent binge watching the recent documentary Wild Wild Country, films and books about cults often make the top of my Netflix queue and bedside TBR pile. But I'm not the only one who — when faced with the bizarre, the fanatical, the devoted, the utopian aspirations — cannot look away.
A recent feature in the Paris Review looked at the human obsession with cults, positing that everything from the timeless illusions of free love to the culture of the current White House administration draw viewers' and readers' eyes to stories of uniformly-dressed devotees that almost always begin with worshipful ecstatic dancing and end with disillusionment, legal battles, and tragedy. But what also inspires the almost voyeuristic fascination, at least in my case, is how relatable the stories of those willing to trade in their lives for complete devotion to something greater really are. Purpose, community, belonging, a clear path forward — these are things we all long for in our lives, at one point or another. And you don't have to look too closely to realize that the difference between, say, an airplane hangar filled with Donald Trump voters screaming “lock them up” and a megachurch filled with undulating yogis isn't that one is a cult and one isn't, but rather one is — for whatever reason — considered far more mainstream than the other.
Here are seven fascinating novels about cults that demonstrate how dangerous (and yeah, eerily relatable) groupthink really is.
‘The Incendiaries' by R. O. Kwon Forthcoming this July, The Incendiaries landed debut novelist R.O. Kwon a mention in the New York Times as one of the “four writers to watch this summer". Finely attuned to Americans' obsessions with religion, cults, and extremism, Kwon weaves together the narratives of college students Phoebe Lin and Will Kendall with that of charismatic cult leader John Leal to tell a story that spans from North Korea to upstate New York. This story is one of intense love and unfailing (and failing) faith — and the disaster that can unfold when that love and faith join forces with fanaticism. Click here to buy.
‘Geek Love' by Katherine Dunn's most recognized works all feature the dangers — and, at times, disturbing appeal — of fanaticism and groupthink (earning them another mention, below.) In Geek Love, Dunn tells the story of a genetically engineered family of circus “freaks”, one of whom — Arturo, or “Arty — forms a cult that preaches the achievement of peace, isolation, and purity through voluntary limb amputation. Click here to buy.
‘The Girls' by Emma Cline The much buzzed-about fictionalized retelling of the Manson Family cult and the Hollywood murders they committed, Emma Cline's The Girls looks at the life of a cult from the perspective of someone who loved it and left it and always regretted it — or at least recognized that otherwise normal life would never look the same. Evie Boyd is a lonely teen when they meet the girls of a soon-to-be-infamous California cult, and she's drawn into their life as much by these other young women as they are by the offbeat and unhinged leader they follow. Click here to buy.
‘The Leftovers' by Tom Perrotta The basis for the now-concluded HBO series that we all were obsessed with, Tom Perrotta's The Leftovers takes place after the rapture — when millions of the earth's population disappeared in an instant, leaving friends and family to pick up the pieces of a devastated world. In the wake of the loss, a cult known as the Guilty Remnant forms, intent on clinging to their loss and terrorizing the community around them. Click here to buy.
‘Children of Paradise' by Fred D'Aguiar A fictional exploration into one of the most infamous cults in modern history — the Peoples Temple, led by Jim Jones — Fred D'Aguiar's Children of Paradise is a blend of historical fiction and magical realism that looks at the journey of one mother and daughter to escape their utopian community; with the help, of all unlikely things, the commune's resident gorilla. Click here to buy.
‘Attic' by Katherine Dunn The first, though lesser-known published novel by Katherine Dunn, Attic is famously inspired by Dunn's own experiences as a young woman, and tells the coming-of-age story of Kay, a member of cult-like organization that sells magazine subscriptions, and who is imprisoned for trying to cash a bad check. Attic is written as Kay's stream-of-consciousness experience of their cell, their impressions of their fellow inmates, and their reflections on their young and unexpected life. Click here to buy.
Iran Focus
London, 5 Dec - Dr. Majid Rafizadeh, a Harvard-educated Iranian-American political scientist, president of the International American Council, business person, and leading expert on Iran and US foreign policy, discussed Iran's increasing presence in Latin America in an article for the Arab News.
Iran's state-run media outlets have been mentioning Iran's military participation in Chile, Cuba, Ecuador, Mexico, Venezuela, and several other countries in Latin America. Iran is trying to increase its naval presence there.
Iran's navy is one of the strongest in the world – only ranking below the US, China, and North Korea, so this news is quite disturbing. Rear Admiral Hossein Khanzadi, the Iranian navy commander, said that Iran is not faced with any restrictions about deploying in the seas so it will berth “anywhere we feel that we have interests to develop ties”. They added that Iran “will certainly deploy there and we enjoy this power too”.
Dr. Rafizadeh explained that Iran has been trying to expand its military presence and influence there since the mid-eighties.
It is now known that Iran was behind the 1992 attack on the Israeli Embassy and the 1994 Argentine Israelite Mutual Association (AIMA) building, both in Buenos Aires.
Iran wants to expand its influence across the world and the Supreme Leader of the country, Ali Khamenei, said recently that the navy should play a big part in this. The Iranian navy has been more provocative in the Gulf waters and it has been provoking British and US ships.
Iran's navy is very important when it comes to the conflicts in the Middle East. Iran is able to transport arms and weapons to its militias and proxy group with very little hassle.
Iran is seeking out governments that may have an anti-American stance. This is because the United States represents a very real threat to the survival of the Iranian regime. The national security of the US is under even more threat from Iran due to the geographical proximity of Latin America where Iran can set up intelligence operations and get more recruits for its many militia groups.
Dr. Rafizadeh pointed out that Iran infiltrates other countries slowly but surely – funding and influencing them, while gaining power the whole time. This is how it spreads the revolutionary, fundamentalist and religious principle of the Iranian regime.
It uses militias and proxies to further its agenda on its behalf and it is now enlarging its net to Latin America. Dr. Rafizadeh said: “Its increasing involvement in Latin America also provides economic gains for Tehran. Foreign Minister Javad Zarif met with senior politicians of six Latin American countries to discuss trade and boosting relations to a “whole new level.”
“This would help Tehran evade international pressure and sanctions. Some Latin American governments, such as in Ecuador and Venezuela, are delighted to allow Tehran to increase its influence on the continent. Iran even has observer status in the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America, an intergovernmental organization that promotes the social, political and economic integration of the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean.”
It is clear that the security threat posed by Iran not only exists in the Middle East – it is a worldwide threat.
Germany's Social Democratic Party candidate for chancellor Martin Schulz at the end of a news conference at Chigi Palace in Rome, Italy, July 27, 2017.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel's main challenger, Martin Schulz, labelled U.S. President Donald Trump "irresponsible" on Sunday and insisted they could still win Germany's Sept. 24 election despite languishing in polls.
Schulz, leader of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD), said they would not take issue with Merkel's approach to handling the dispute between the United States and North Korea as Germany should stand united.
But they could not resist a dig at Trump, whom they described to the broadcaster ZDF as "this irresponsible man in the White House".
"What worries me is that an American president ... is sinking to the level of a North Korean dictator," Schulz added in a separate interview with the RTL channel.
On Friday, Merkel said there was no military solution to the North Korea issue, adding that "an escalation of the rhetoric is the wrong answer".
Six weeks out from the election, an Emnid opinion poll for Sunday's Bild am Sonntag newspaper put support for Schulz's SPD at 24 percent, far behind Merkel's conservative bloc, on 38 percent.
The two parties now rule in a "grand coalition", led by Merkel's conservatives. Despite the conservatives' big lead in surveys, a fractured political landscape could make it hard to form other viable coalitions.
Schulz insisted they could still win the election, telling ZDF: "I reckon I've got a good chance." Asked about the possibility of another grand coalition, they replied: "I have nothing against a grand coalition under my leadership."
The Emnid poll put support for the far-left Left party at 10 percent, with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) both on 8 percent, and the environmentalist Greens on 7.
carmakers IN THE SPOTLIGHT
A day after Merkel rounded on Germany's auto executives for squandering trust in the sector, Schulz accused them of putting the industry at risk by failing to plan for the future.
The fate of the auto sector, Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs, has become a hot election issue as politicians accuse executives and each other of failing to find an adequate response to a scandal over emissions.
The scandal blew up almost two years ago when Volkswagen admitted to cheating U.S. emissions tests, throwing the spotlight on a major source of pollution and increasing the pressure for a decisive switch to alternative fuels.
"The problem is, we are living through a situation in Germany in which managers worth millions at VW, at Daimler, have fallen asleep and forgotten the future," Schulz told ZDF.
VW, along with fellow German carmakers BMW, Daimler, Audi and Porsche, are also being investigated by European regulators for alleged anti-competitive collusion.
Trade unionists at VW have urged politicians not to exploit its problems for political gain.
Car bosses agreed this month to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution.
Former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, themselves a former member of VW's supervisory board, accused Merkel of neglecting their duties by going on holiday rather than chairing the emissions talks with industry bosses.
"I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat whom Merkel defeated in 2005, told the Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick.
There are ubiquitors, and then there is Virgil Abloh's week in Miami for Art Basel, where they were both DJing and party-hopping. Fair warning: the following may cause exhaustion simply by reading.
The whirlwind began on Tuesday with stops at the Chrome Hearts and Baccarat party for the Miami Symphony Orchestra and the Prada Double Club opening night. On Wednesday, Abloh was at the Marriott's StoryBooked event and the book launch for Shaniqwa Jarvis' “Social Studies Miami Design District.” By Thursday, they were spotted at a Nike soccer game; Drake's performance at the American Express Platinum House at the Edition hotel; the Hypebeast 100 after party, and the Beats by Dre party.
Not slowing down for the weekend, Friday night, Abloh was spotted first at the Kith Surf Club Pop-up party at the W Hotel, then at Know Wave's hip-hop extravaganza at downtown Miami club Sidebar. Later, they were outside massive nightclub E11EVEN, where Lil Wayne and Drake performed around 3 a.m. Saturday, they returned to the Edition Hotel for Highsnobiety's bash.
It begs the questions: What are they doing for New Year's Eve?
"I know I saw it late," Lehner said of Gunnarsson's goal. "They throw, I don't know, 60 or 70 shot attempts and one goes through. You want to be in position, but they scored the goal."
St. Louis won its fourth in five games while bouncing back from a 3-1 loss at Boston on Thursday. The Blues also continued their domination of the Sabres by improving to 11-1 in their past 12 meetings and 21-3 in their past 24 dating to the 1998-99 season.
The Sabres have dropped the first three games of a five-game homestand. And the Eastern Conference's last-place team continues having difficulty generating offence, particularly at home.
The Sabres are last in the league in scoring with 117 goals overall and just 47 in 24 home games.
Reinhart was frustrated when asked a second time about their missed opportunity.
"I've got to talk about it again? I mean, it is what it is," said Reinhart. "I don't know what you want me to say. I've got to put it in the net."
Both goalies put on a show.
Hutton made two key saves during a Sabres power play with just under eight minutes left. First they got a piece of Kyle Okposo's slap shot from the right circle and recovered in time to stop Ryan O'Reilly attempting to convert the rebound at the right post.
Lehner's best stops came during a short span just under six minutes into the third period. Evander Kane's giveaway led to Brayden Schenn breaking in alone. Faking right and going to their left, Schenn had Lehner down only to shoot it into the goalie's pad. Some five seconds later, Lehner got across to their left in time to smother Vladimir Tarasenko's one-timer from the slot.
"It could've gone either way," Sabres coach Phil Housley said. "It's just what we've got to deal with right now. We've got to find a way."
NOTES: Former Sabres captain and current Blues assistant coach Steve Ott nearly took the wrong turn out of the elevator on way to the locker room during first intermission. Ott laughed and said: "I didn't spend any time in the press box here as a healthy scratch." ... Sabres C Johan Larsson served the first of a two-game NHL suspension for cross-checking Florida forward Vincent Trocheck in the face during Buffalo's 4-2 loss on Thursday. ... The Sabres activated D Nathan Beaulieu from IR and sent RW Nicholas Baptiste to AHL Rochester.
UP NEXT
Blues: Host Minnesota on Tuesday.
Sabres: Continue a five-game homestand against Anaheim on Tuesday.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By John Wawrow, The Associated Press
The University of Massachusetts defeated the University of Albany 3-0 on Sunday, finishing the preseason with a pair of victories.
Julia Taffuri, Erin Doster and Kelly Maara scored for UMass, which took a 1-0 lead at halftime before pulling away in the second.
UMass' season begins on Aug. 18 at home against Central Connecticut State.
There's a slight drop in American patriotism this Independence Day, according to a new Gallup poll.
The poll, which dates back to 2001, did this round of polling from June 1 to June 13, 2018, between a random sample of 1,520 adults, aged 18 and older in the United States and District of Columbia.
In Gallop's history of polling American pride, the poll saw its first ever drop below half in American's who were “extremely” proud. Forty seven percent of American's identified as extremely proud in the 2018 poll, whereas 2003 saw the highest percentage of Americans identify as “extremely” proud at 70 percent.
However, “extremely” proud is only one of the possible options.
The full breakdown is 47 percent “extremely” proud, 25 percent “very” proud, 16 percent “moderately” proud, seven percent are "only a little" proud, and three percent are “not at all” proud. The final option was “no opinion.”
In the 2017's poll, Gallup tracked data for both “very” proud and “extremely” proud responses back to 2001. The data shows that the 72 percent of people identifying as “very” or “extremely” proud in 2018 is still the lowest in their trend, a notable drop from 2017 and 2016's figures, 75 and 81 percent, respectively.
Despite the decline in extreme pride, the vast majority of Americans do feel a level pride when combined with those feeling very proud. According to Gallup, Republicans are more likely to say they are “extremely” proud, 74 percent, Americans in comparison to Democrats and independents.
The poll took a special look at the drop among Democrats and Independents who identified as “extremely” proud. Fewer than one in three, 32 percent, of Democrats were “extremely” proud to be American, while less than half of Independents, 42 percent, identified as "extremely" proud. Both represented a drop from the prior year. Only 23 percent of political liberals identified as a “extremely” proud. The Gallup polls shows extreme pride in liberals dropping nine points from 2017 and 28 points since 2013.
Demographic differences were also expressed, as the poll revealed that young adults, college graduates, nonwhites, and women are below the national average in terms of being “extremely” proud to be American. Gallup identified these groups as Democratic-leaning.
Gallup's Republican leaning groups were older adults, those without a college degree, whites, and men. They are above the average of those who feel “extremely” proud to be American.
For Gallup, one of the notable factors from the poll was that fewer than half of U.S. adults are extremely proud to be Americans, which had not been seen before in the poll's history, and they noted that politics appeared to be the factor. Sharp declines were evident in political liberals and Democrats.
The study claims that the antipathy for President Trump and a belief that other countries look unfavorably on the president could be likely factors in their patriotism decline, but it adds that these declines began before President Trump was elected.
“National pride may be just one of a growing number of issues — including opinions about guns, labor unions and the environment — for which party loyalties are pushing Democrats and Republicans to adopt divergent views. These changes are making each party's base more homogenous but increasingly different from one another,” according to Gallup.
© 2018 KXTV
The prestigious Indywood Media Excellence Awarads 2017 powered by Alubond concluded succesfully at Ramoji Film City Hyderabad on december 1. The award as organised to recognise and facilitate journalists for their relentless services and efforts made to keep us abreast with the latest happenings across the globe.
apex court verdict +
big victory +
AAP govt vs LG's office: Flashpoints in the last three-and-a-half years It has been a rocky ride for the AAP-led Delhi government and the office of the lieutenant governor with tussles over issues such as the transfer of bureaucrats, control over the Anti-Corruption Branch and even an assault on the chief secretary bringing the administration to a virtual halt.
Kejriwal welcomed theas a "" for the people of the national capital and democracy."If Modi government had not withdrawn the powers of elected government through illegal orders, precious three years would have been saved. People of Delhi are grateful to the judiciary. Today's order reinforces people's faith in the judiciary (sic)," they tweeted.Hours after SC's verdict, the Delhi government today introduced a new system for transfer and postings of bureaucrats, making CM Kejriwal as the approving authority.However, a top official said the bureaucrats have "clearly" conveyed to the deputy chief minister that the new order will not be followed as they found it to be "legally incorrect".Congress welcomed the verdict and said people of the capital city have been the sufferers in the egotistical battle between PM Modi and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal."We have unequivocally maintained right from the time when Congress was in power in Delhi for 15 years that decisions of the elected representatives must be respected," said Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala.BJP termed the verdict a severe blow to "anarchist" Kejriwal and said now the AAP will have to perform."We have seen Kejriwal raising politics of dharna and anarchy. They have never tried to work harmoniously. The Supreme Court has dealt a severe blow to Kejriwal. They should now leave the politics of anarchy and move towards governance," Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesperson Sambit Patra said."The BJP propagates charade of 'cooperative federalism' but in reality, it is destroying our federal structure. The CPI-M welcomes the judgment. Governors and Lt. Governors can't usurp the rights of an elected state government or encroach upon their rights. This is a victory of federalism," the party said.
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out.
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season.
"We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said.
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in their right index finger and Steven Matz left their start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in their left middle finger.
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next. Just in the last three days, New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster.
"I haven't slept in a week — well, at least," they said. "We're just trying to think of ways to get out. What can we do? What can we stress? How can we react today? What conversations can we have with which players? We have to try to continue to get out of what's going on."
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance. Balls have dropped between outfielders. Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning. Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect.
The roster keeps churning over, too.
"I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days," assistant general manager John Ricco said. "That's going to tax any team."
