Congrats are in order for Chicago PD's Marina Squerciati!
The actor is about to take on a new role in their life – mom!
Marina, who plays police officer Burgess on the hit TV show, made the baby announcement on Facebook this morning writing,
“SURPRISE! It's been hard to keep the secret 🤐, but since Mima USA sent me the COOLEST stroller (& matching bag) in the world, I thought: what better way to tell you all the news?! (Don't be surprised to see Burgess holding A LOT of file folders in front of their stomach on #ChicagoPD.) #expecting#babyonboard #mimausa #MIMA 👶🏻 — with Mima.”
Anyone else thinks they should just write their pregnancy into the show and have Rozek be the daddy?
0:51 Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired Pause
1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a 'female talk about routes'
0:08 Police officers rescue German Shepherd abandoned on side of highway
1:31 Las Vegas attack deadliest shooting in modern US history
1:22 Charlotte's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith: Back to Basics
1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes"
1:05 Panthers Rivera working to keep team focused in "trying times"
0:36 Panthers coach Ron Rivera responds to questions about Cam Newton's sexist comments
3:12 They said, they said: Will Panthers beat the Patriots? Jourdan vs Joe
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Virtual currencies have been part of the world's monetary system since 2009, when Bitcoin became the first of what is now a handful of these so-called cryptocurrencies.
Digital currency transactions take place in online exchanges, lending an anonymity that has led to shadowy associations with drug trading and money laundering. But that anonymity, and the convenience with which the transactions can be made, have also fueled the popularity of cryptocurrencies. More than 6 million people now own virtual currency — including many investors looking to trade the currencies to join the ranks of “Bitcoin billionaires.”
As popular as they have become, virtual currencies may soon play an even bigger role in our financial lives. In part over fears that existing cryotocurrencies (which operate independently of governments) will make it harder to detect tax evasion, Sweden, Canada, China and other nations have announced plans to launch their own official virtual currencies. In the case of Sweden, that could come as soon as 2020.
Though recent research suggests there's not yet a shift away from cash, experts say a mix of independent and national cybercurrencies could eventually displace the coins and paper notes that people have been using for thousands of years.
Embracing Bitcoin
If the transition from conventional to digital currencies plays out the way experts predict, it would likely take at least a decade. But many retailers are already jumping on the Bitcoin bandwagon. Microsoft and Expedia now accept virtual currency, and a recent survey of 100 U.S. merchants found that 60 percent would accept Bitcoin as payment.
In addition to corporations, whole industries are starting to embrace digital currency. Real estate is among the first. In several states, including Arizona, Vermont, and Florida, laws have been amended to permit blockchain — the encrypted digital ledger on which cryptocurrency transactions are recorded — to be used for recording and transferring property deeds.
Why is real estate adopting cryptocurrency? Put it down to convenience. In traditional real estate transactions, a buyer and seller must engage a title insurance company to transfer the deed and guarantee ownership rights to the buyer. This process can take days or even weeks.
But when Bitcoin enters the picture, transactions happen instantaneously. The virtual money is simply transferred from one digital “wallet” to another. The blockchain computers note the transaction and update the public log with the purchase — and release the deed.
“It's very simple and easy,” Natalia Karayaneva, CEO of the San Francisco-based realty company Propy, says of cryptocurrency transactions. “You just log in, pay, sign the documents electronically, and then you get a title deed with a blockchain address, as soon as the cryptocurrency is received. No hassle with banks.”
The trend is also visible on the other side of the country. In New York City, several apartment buildings will begin accepting cryptocurrency for rent payments later this year.
National cryptocurrencies
Concerned that large numbers of people may soon be making untraceable payments without the involvement of banks or other institutional intermediaries, national governments are looking into issuing virtual currencies that afford the convenience of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and the like, while preserving their ability to keep tabs on large financial transactions.
National cryptocurrencies might also help curb the wild fluctuations seen in the price of Bitcoin and other independent cryptocurrencies. The price swings have made some currency speculators wealthy while impoverishing others — and have complicated financial life for everyone who uses cryptocurrencies.
“There are no fundamentals we can use to pinpoint just how much Bitcoin is really worth,” says Kevin McIntyre, professor of economics at McDaniel College in Westminster, Maryland. “This makes it difficult to predict the future, and how much you stand to lose should the bubble burst.”
If the U.S. were to issue a “cyberdollar,” its stability would presumably rival that of the conventional dollar. Greater stability would make it more attractive to many consumers and investors — though certain problems might remain.
Cryptocurrency wallets are more vulnerable to hacking than conventional bank accounts, so security is one problem. Another has to do with errant payments. With existing cryptocurrencies, a simple typographical error made while entering a blockchain address can direct a payment to someone else — with no clear-cut way to get the money back.
The demand for privacy
Even if cyberdollars or other national cryptocurrencies are introduced, experts say Bitcoin is unlikely to go away anytime soon. That's because virtual currencies issued by national governments would mean an end to the anonymity that is part of the appeal of independent cryptocurrencies.
“If I would go online and buy some things using cyberdollars, those firms will be able to identify who I am, what I've bought, and conduct target advertising based on my past shopping habits, just as they can right now with online dollar payments,” McIntyre says. “And there will still be people out there who view this as intrusive and a lack of privacy that they're uncomfortable with. And in comparison, Bitcoin is almost perfectly private.”
Ultimately, the future of currency may hinge on what we value more: the safety and stability of national currencies or the privacy afforded by Bitcoin and its cryptocurrency kin.
Video
A community football club in India, which is using sport to keep young people away from drugs, has worked with nearly 5,000 children already.
MIAMI — They broke the stat system. That's how good Miami and Denver were — even modern technology couldn't keep up with the Heat and Nuggets.
For 48 minutes, they went back and forth.
And one overtime wouldn't decide it, either.
Finally, after three hours, the Heat said enough. James Johnson scored a career-high 31 points, Kelly Olynyk added 30 off the bench and Miami set a franchise single-game scoring record by beating the Nuggets 149-141 in double overtime on Monday night.
“There didn't deserve to be a loser,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. “Guys probably really enjoyed playing in a game like this.”
Their guys did, anyway. Olynyk became the second reserve in Heat history to score 30. Wayne Ellington had 23 points, and the Heat made 20 3-pointers — second-most in franchise history.
All that comes with a serious disclaimer. There was no official boxscore after the game, because the system crashed in the first overtime and crews were scrambling to determine official numbers long after the final buzzer. What mattered most was the score — one that moved Miami (38-33) into seventh in the Eastern Conference and left the Nuggets two games back of the last Western Conference spot.
“They just executed,” Nuggets forward Paul Millsap said. “They got some, I think, fluke plays and a little luck and they're at home, you know. Momentum shifted a little bit.”
Miami's point total was also an NBA season high. Houston and Oklahoma City each scored 148 in games earlier this season.
Nikola Jokic had 34 points and 14 rebounds for Denver (38-33), while Wilson Chandler added 26 for the Nuggets. Jamal Murray scored 23 and Will Barton finished with 22 for Denver.
“There are no stats. The stat machine blew up I guess,” Nuggets coach Michael Malone said. “But the only stat I cared about tonight is that I'm proud of the way we competed, I'm proud of the way we executed, I'm proud of the fact that we gave ourselves a chance.”
Neither team was at full strength. For Miami, Dwyane Wade (left hamstring strain) missed their fourth consecutive game, and Hassan Whiteside (left hip pain) sat out their fifth straight contest. Denver was without leading scorer Gary Harris, sidelined again by a strained right knee that could keep them out several more days.
Denver led 16-5 after 3 1/2 minutes, and that was the only double-digit lead by either side for about the next three hours. It was airtight until the very final moments, almost to an absurd degree.
After one quarter, Denver led by one.
Halftime, Miami led by one.
After three, Miami still by one.
After regulation, tied.
After one overtime, still tied.
“That's as playoffs as it comes,” Olynyk said.
Back and forth they went all night, two teams who played a one-point game at Denver back in November — that one not being decided until Dion Waiters' missed jumper as time expired sealed the Nuggets' win. This one had even more fireworks, with the Heat missing shots at the end of regulation and the first overtime before finding a way in the second OT.
Olynyk and James Johnson had all 13 Miami points in the first overtime.
“We didn't exactly want it to be like this,” said Ellington, who rattled home a 3-pointer to start the second OT and put Miami ahead for good. “But these are the types of games that show your character.”
TIP-INS
Nuggets: Including the franchise's ABA days, all 28 previous Nuggets teams to finish .500 or better made the playoffs. That streak seems in jeopardy now. … Denver fell to 19-5 in games where it scores at least 115 points. The Nuggets are now 17-30 when allowing more than 105.
Heat: It was the highest-scoring first four quarters of an overtime game in Heat history. The previous before-OT high was 115 at Golden State on Dec. 1, 2008. … A pregame moment of silence was held for the six victims of last week's bridge collapse near Florida International University. … The previous scoring record was 141 points, done twice.
NEVER FORGET
The Heat continue paying tributes to the 17 victims of the shooting last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High in Parkland, Florida. Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and several players spent their day off Sunday at the Parkland Rec League Basketball Championship, honouring the lives of victims Joaquin Oliver, Luke Hoyer and Alex Schacter by announcing scholarships in their names — as well as a $500,000 donation.
ROAD TRIP
This seven-game trip for the Nuggets is their longest since a seven-gamer in the 2011-12 season. As if a late-season two-week trip wasn't tough enough, Denver's remaining schedule is brutal; after visiting Chicago on Wednesday, the Nuggets will have 10 games left — all against teams currently in the playoff mix.
UP NEXT
Nuggets: Visit Chicago on Wednesday.
Heat: Host New York on Wednesday.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
BOOM! This State Requires Food Stamp Recipients To Work – Result Is UNDENIABLE!
Arkansas is the latest state to figure out that you shouldn't waive work requirements for those on food stamps. Last year, they implemented work requirements in order to receive food stamps and when they did that the number of people getting benefits dropped by 25,000. There is a three-month limit on food stamps unless you are enrolled in educational courses or you are on a job training program. The first 9,000 were dropped from the program on April 1st. Between April and the end of the year, over 15,000 more were dropped. Sounds like progress to me.
More people dropped off welfare in Arkansas than any other state last year. Because of the 10 states that enacted the food stamp requirements, roughly 773,000 fewer people received food stamp benefits in April than they did in March, which the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities said was “the largest one-month drop since temporary disaster benefits for Hurricane Katrina victims ended in 2005.” Socialism does not work and handing out unrestricted benefits does not either.
From the Conservative Tribune:
In today's “duh” story, it seems that yet another state has found out that when you stop waiving work requirements for food stamp benefits, your rolls suddenly drop. According to Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, after the Razorback State began enacting work requirements for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — colloquially known as “food stamps” — back on Jan. 1 of last year, the rolls of recipients dropped by roughly 25,000 individuals in just one year. According to KASU-FM, the state had ended a waiver on a three-month limit to food stamps for able-bodied childless individuals between 18 to 49 who do not work, unless they're either enrolled in school or a job training program. The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reported that roughly 9,000 were kicked off of the program as of April 1, when the three-month limit could start being enforced. Between April and November, the program shed another 15,000 individuals. Of the 10 states that implemented the requirements last year, Arkansas saw the largest drop in food stamp enrollment, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. And that's not all. Since 2013, the over-500,000 individuals in Arkansas who participated in the food stamp program has been reduced to 418,000.
Not all people, but many, go on welfare and food stamps simply because they don't want to work. These programs are meant as a safety net for those that find they have fallen on hard times, but who still want to eventually work. It's not a bottomless freebie buffet. Most states now want to see proof of where you have looked for work and how often. There's also the above cited education option and many will also let people do volunteer work. It's simple… you should get paid for what you do, unless you are absolutely unable to work. Along with the number of people dropping on the food stamp rolls, the unemployment rate has also dropped as people are forced back into the workforce.
Americans are the most generous people in the world, but that doesn't mean that they should just pay someone who wants to sit on their butt and do nothing all day long. Our taxes cover these programs and it is only right that these states enforce requirements on people to receive these benefits. The days of Obama freebies are over. Time for Americans to each work an honest day for an honest wage.
The death toll from the devastating tower block fire in west London is expected to rise as investigators trawl through the wreckage in the search for other victims.
At least 12 people have died after the huge fire destroyed Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, where flames could still be seen burning more than a day on from the disaster.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped with feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
A wall of condolence was put up near the scene with photographs showing dozens of messages left for loved ones.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" after the building went up in flames early on Wednesday morning amid growing concerns about how the fire could have spread so rapidly.
Speaking in Downing Street, Mrs May said: "When it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Residents' groups have claimed they voiced concerns about the safety of the building, which had been recently refurbished, while those who escaped complained their fire alarms had not been set off by the blaze.
One focus for the investigation will be the building's cladding, which TV architect George Clarke said may have accelerated the blaze.
Mr Clarke, who lives locally and appears on Channel 4's Amazing Spaces, told BBC's Newsnight: " I saw those cladding panels, the cladding on the outside and the insulation was just peeling off, like you'd peel a banana.
"It was fully on fire. I could see the flames behind - there's a new cladding system put on the outsides that looks like a new skin, there's an air gap an insulation behind that, to me that looks like a fantastic chimney for the fire to rage around."
Grenfell Tower, which built in 1974, was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Kensington and Chelsea Council admitted it had received complaints over the works, after a residents' action group said its warnings about safety had fallen on "deaf ears".
A blog post from Grenfell Action Group in November said "only a catastrophic event" would expose the concerns residents had.
The group said there was one entry and exit to the tower during improvement works and it had issues with evacuation procedures.
Concerns had also been raised about exposed gas pipes weeks before the devastating blaze.
Rydon, the firm that carried out the refurbishment work, said the project "met all required building regulations", in its latest statement following the fire.
But a line stating that the project had met all "fire regulation and health and safety standards", which was included in an earlier release, had disappeared.
When questioned about residents' worries about fire safety at the block, the council's deputy leader Rock Feilding-Mellen told the BBC: "My understanding is that their concerns were looked at and officers and the TMO (tenant management organisation) made inquiries and felt we had done what was necessary."
Meanwhile, work is continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the block, with several residents reporting one man had said it started in their faulty fridge.
Many people are still unaccounted for with firefighters saying the operation now in the "recovery phase".
Commander Stuart Cundy of the Metropolitan Police said: "This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12."
Witnesses described hearing screams for help from people trapped on the upper floors of the block as flames engulfed the building, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Children and a baby were seen being thrown out of the windows to be caught by emergency workers and members of the public below.
London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people as flames engulfed the block, and had managed to reach all 24 floors, though a full search of the building has not been completed.
NHS England said 74 patients were treated in six hospitals across London. Thirty-four remain in hospital including 18 who are in critical care.
On Wednesday evening, dozens of people gathered for a vigil in the shadow of the tower as the sun began to set.
Many were moved to tears after pausing for moment of silent contemplation outside the Notting Hill Methodist Church in west London.
The Rev Mike Long said: "There are times when all the words we can say are not adequate and sometimes words fail us because no words can do justice to how we feel, or what we have seen or what has happened. Today is one of those days.
"What we can simply do is look to all that we have seen today which is good, which is fabulous - people getting together."
Emergency accommodation had been provided to 44 households affected by the fire, with families with young children, elderly residents and those who are vulnerable given "immediate priority", the local council said.
People unable to return to their homes were offered a place to stay at Westway Sports Centre in Crowthorne Road, north Kensington.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said "searching questions" need to be asked about what happened, suggesting spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire, while general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union Matt Wrack said: "The truth is this should not be happening in the UK, one of the wealthiest countries in the world."
BERLIN CENTER, Ohio (WYTV) – A man surrendered after a more than six-hour standoff in Berlin Center on Monday morning.
The suspect, who has not been identified, is now in police custody.
A specific address was not released, but the call came in about 3 a.m. involving a house on Route 534 in Berlin Center.
The Ohio Department of Transportation and local police closed off a large area involving two major routes because of the incident.
Route 224, between Route 14 and Route 45 and Route 534 between Route 18 and Route 14 are reopening.
Neighbors said they believe a single man lives in the house and said police have been communicating with them via a megaphone. They surrendered just before 9:30 a.m.
The Mahoning County Crisis Response Team was also on the scene.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Europe's strict new privacy regulations took effect on Friday, but even with the two-year grace period to become compliant, not everyone was ready.
Several American newspapers on Friday, including the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times, New York Daily News and Orlando Sentinel cut off access to most European internet traffic on Friday.
The newspapers, which are owned by media company Tronc, displayed a message telling European visitors: “Unfortunately, our website is currently unavailable in most European countries. We are engaged in the issue and committed to looking at options that support our full range of digital offerings to the EU market.”
The General Data Protection Regulation — GDPR — requires any company processing or storing the data of a European Union resident to obtain a user's explicit consent to use their data. The regulation also extends additional rights to consumers, including the right of deletion and the ability to request their data from a company and take it to another digital service.
Companies were given two years to become compliant before the new regulation took effect. Beginning Friday, companies that are not compliant risk fines as steep as 4 percent of their annual revenue.
Tronc wasn't the only media company to hit the pause button in Europe. History.com and FYI, popular websites run by A+E Networks, greeted European Union visitors with the message: “This content is not available in your area.”
Instapaper, the Pinterest-owned site that allows users to bookmark content around the internet to read in one place, paused its European operations on Thursday as the company continues “to make changes in light of the General Data Protection Regulation.” The message added that Instapaper hopes to be available in Europe “in the very near future.”
Unroll.me, a tool to help cut email clutter, was one of the first casualties of GDPR. The company announced earlier this month it could not comply with the regulations and would delete its existing EU user accounts before the deadline.
Some of the lingering questions for companies dealing with GDPR compliance include figuring out what types of data that customers could potentially request and how to retrieve the data and package it. A lack of compliance means regulators can hit companies with steep fines and force them to compensate users for their data.
While the regulation is enforced in Europe, some of the protections could be extended to Americans. In the event of a future data breach, American users could also be entitled to legal remedies against companies that are established in the European Union and process user data there if the case was brought in a European court, according to experts.
Some American companies, including Facebook and LinkedIn, have already taken steps to move their non-E.U. users outside of the reach of European regulators.
The 20-year-old Washington state man accused of killing five people in a shooting spree at a mall last September was found dead in their jail cell on Sunday night, authorities said.
The body of Arcan Cetin was found hanging just before 9 p.m. (12 a.m. ET), Skagit County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Rosemary Kaholokula told NBC News Monday.
The Washington State Patrol released this photo of Arcan Cetin, 20, of Oak Harbor, Washington after they were arrested Saturday, Sept. 24, 2016, in a shooting at a Burlington mall Friday that left five people dead.
Cetin's death hasn't yet officially been ruled a suicide, Kaholokula said, but authorities believe it was.
They had been charged with five counts of aggravated first-degree murder after they allegedly walked into a Macy's in Burlington, north of Seattle, and opened fire with a rifle on the night of Sept. 23.
One man and four women were killed, including one who was trying to hide behind a cosmetics counter, NBC affiliate KING reported.
Cetin was a Turkish immigrant and naturalized American citizen who lived roughly 30 miles west of the mall, in the small seaside community of Oak Harbor, according to KING.
Kaholokula said Cetin had admitted to the killings, but their motive remained unclear.
"He didn't have any really ties to our community," they said. "We can't ascertain why they would do this. They didn't know any of the people that they shot."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hospital Tried to Commit Confessed Mall Gunman Before Deadly Shooting 1:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Their stepfather, David Marshall, told reporters last year that Cetin had unspecified mental health issues that their family had been trying to address.
Before the shooting, KING reported, a local hospital tried to have Cetin involuntarily committed for treatment. In court documents obtained by the station, doctors said they believed Cetin might harm himself, though they didn't think they would hurt others.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Medicare says it plans to require hospitals to post their standard prices online and to make electronic medical records more readily available to patients.
The head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, said Tuesday the initiative reflects the Trump administration's effort to encourage patients to become decision makers in their care.
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly, but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers.
Likewise, many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients, but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital's payments on how well they do.
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy.
The Dolphins have a glaring need for a starting linebacker and a rotational defensive tackle, but here's the quandary:
Do you pay big money at that position when you could potentially find a better — and cheaper — option in the first two days of the draft?
To this point, the Dolphins have been reluctant to do so.
Where things stand at each position:
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
▪ Defensive tackle: The big issue is not only how to replace Ndamukong Suh's production (he graded out among the NFL's best defensive tackles) but also how to replace their 877 snaps, which were the sixth-most among NFL defensive tackles last season.
William Hayes will pick up some of those; the Dolphins plan to play them at both defensive end and defensive tackle, according to a Hayes associate briefed on the team's plans.
Jordan Phillips' snaps will rise at least somewhat from 401 a year ago. They averaged 31 snaps in their 13 games.
Phillips, even before Suh's release, told me they want to prove he's worthy of being a three-down player, and the Dolphins like how they played in the second half of last season. They also believe they will be highly motivated in the final year of their rookie contract.
Davon Godchaux (500 snaps) and Vincent Taylor (185) also will be given a chance to earn larger roles.
The Dolphins are comfortable with Phillips, Godchaux and Hayes — and see upside in Taylor — but know there must be an addition here.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 180 Waiters talks about re-signing with the Heat Pause 66 Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn breaks down Bam Adebayo's 29-point performance 45 Pat Riley: James Johnson is a playmaker, 'can get better' 178 Pat Riley talks about Dion Waiters 90 Pat Riley talks about Udonis Haslem future with the Heat 86 Riley says Adebayo reminds them of Shawn Kemp 71 Dolphins coach Adam Gase on team's shorter practices 196 Suh: I still have a lot of work ahead of me 62 Dolphins OC Clyde Christensen on Mike Pouncey's progress 105 University of Miami coach Mark Richt discusses Hurricanes' quarterbacks' spring performances Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets with reporters at the NFL Scouting Combine. Adam H. Beasleyabeasley@miamiherald.com
That player could come in the draft. Washington's Vita Vea is in the mix for Miami at No. 11, and Alabama's Da'Ron Payne, Michigan's Maurice Hurst, Florida's Taven Bryan and Stanford's Harrison Phillips are being studied closely by Miami.
“I think interior defensive line at the high end is outstanding,” NFL Network's Mike Mayock said. “I think at least four are going to go [in the first round] — Vita Vea, Payne, Maurice Hurst, and Taven Bryan. Harrison Phillips from Stanford is an interesting player. B.J. Hill from North Carolina State.”
The Dolphins don't want to spend big money at defensive tackle and they weren't in the mix for Dontari Poe or Sheldon Richardson.
Two starters who were cut by AFC South teams over the weekend — Jonathan Hankins and Sylvester Williams — warrant consideration, but only at the right price.
As of late last week, the Dolphins hadn't inquired about free agent starters such as Minnesota's Tom Johnson or Cincinnati's Pat Sims. Along with Bennie Logan, those five are pretty much the extent of clear-cut starters available at defensive tackle in free agency.
Veteran backup types available include Arthur Jones, Clinton McDonald, Ahtyba Rubin, Cedric Thornton and Shamar Stephen.
Veteran defensive tackles are seemingly always available during the summer. So a case could be made to see what the draft yields before investing a lot of money on a player who might not crack their top three rotation at tackle.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 180 Waiters talks about re-signing with the Heat Pause 66 Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn breaks down Bam Adebayo's 29-point performance 45 Pat Riley: James Johnson is a playmaker, 'can get better' 178 Pat Riley talks about Dion Waiters 90 Pat Riley talks about Udonis Haslem future with the Heat 86 Riley says Adebayo reminds them of Shawn Kemp 71 Dolphins coach Adam Gase on team's shorter practices 196 Suh: I still have a lot of work ahead of me 62 Dolphins OC Clyde Christensen on Mike Pouncey's progress 105 University of Miami coach Mark Richt discusses Hurricanes' quarterbacks' spring performances Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dolphins insider Armando Salguero breaks down NFL free agency during a Facebook Live stream from Miami Herald studios on Tuesday, March 13, 2018. Miami Herald Staff
▪ Linebacker: The Dolphins know they need to find a third starter alongside Kiko Alonso and Raekwon McMillan, preferably one who excels in pass coverage.
That player could come early in the draft, if the Dolphins land Georgia's Roquan Smith, Virginia Tech's Tremaine Edmunds or Boise State's Leighton Vander Esch or Alabama's Rashaan Evans. They also like South Carolina State's Darius Leonard and will spend time with theirs this week.
That's why Miami hasn't bid for the top free agent linebackers who have signed elsewhere — from Tahir Whiteside to Zach Brown to Preston Brown.
There are plenty of others available with starting experience: NaVorro Bowman, Conner Barwin, Kevin Minter, Ramon Hubner, Jon Bostic, Junior Galette, Pernell McPhee, Michael Wilhoitte and Paul Worrilow.
The Dolphins like what they saw from Chase Allen and Stephone Anthony and they will be given a chance to earn playing time. Mike Hull, who was tendered, remains valuable on special teams.
The Dolphins are set at defensive end but will add a third safety (they haven't re-signed Michael Thomas, who visited the Steelers on Monday and left without a contract) and likely will add another cornerback to join the emerging top four of Xavien Howard, Cordrea Tankersley, Tony Lippett and Bobby McCain.
Young defensive backs Maurice Smith (safety) and Torry McTyer (cornerback) will get a look, and Walt Aikens — who can play safety or corner — was resigned to remain a key cog on special teams.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Get the Mach newsletter.
Former astronaut Chris Hadfield is not afraid of death.
That might seem surprising, given the safety record of human spaceflight. To date, 565 men and women have ventured into space, and 32 have died while going up, coming down or preparing for flight. Do the math, and that means an astronaut's odds of dying on the job are more than 1 in 20.
That was a stark reality for someone like Hadfield, who spent 35 years as a military pilot and astronaut before retiring from the Canadian Space Agency in 2013. Hadfield flew into Earth orbit three times, including two trips aboard the space shuttle and one aboard the troubled Russian Mir space station.
For their last trip into space, in 2012, they spent 144 days as commander aboard the International Space Station.
Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield strums their guitar in the International Space Station's Cupola on Dec. 25, 2012. NASA
Maybe you're among the 39 million people who've watched the video of them covering David Bowie's “Space Oddity” while floating weightless in the station's seven-windowed cupola.
They sure doesn't seem afraid in the video. In fact, they look utterly serene.
A frequent question
Astronauts hear the question all the time: When you strap in atop an enormous stick of explosive fuel and then shoot into the breathless vacuum of space, aren't you afraid to die?
Hadfield's answer is always “no.” To him, the question is based on a flawed premise: “In common life, we make fear and dangerous synonymous, but they're not,” they say. They only seem that way because few people prepare extensively for dangerous things, they explain, but being prepared is exactly what astronauts do through years of intense training.
“The greatest antidote for fear is competence,” Hadfield continues. “If you're spending 10 years preparing for one launch, then hopefully by the time it arrives you've changed your skill set such that a launch is no longer foreign and unknown. In fact, it's the opposite. It's exhilarating.”
Like riding a bicycle
As Hadfield tells it, astronauts regard space missions the way most of us regard riding a bicycle. “When you don't know how to do it, it's scary,” they say. “It makes little kids cry. But eventually you master the skills. Then you can ride the bike, and it's no longer scary.”
That mindset pretty much holds true across the astronaut corps. It helps explain why one seldom hears astronauts talk about fear, or about the body count in their line of work.
Instead, they focus on the skills they've acquired floating in the simulated zero-g world of the Neutral Buoyancy Lab at the Johnson Space Center in Houston; learning high-speed maneuvers while piloting a T-38 jet; or huddling inside NEEMO, an undersea habitat off the Florida Keys. (Hadfield was a commander there, too.)
NASA uses such training exercises to prepare astronauts for just about every foreseeable situation. Of course, some of the problems that inevitably crop up are things that no one anticipated.
Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield is near Canadarm2 as the new robotic arm for the International Space Station grasps the Spacelab pallet on mission STS-100. NASA
There was the time when faulty sensors prevented Hadfield's space capsule from docking with Mir, forcing them to improvise a way in. And the surreal incident in 2013 when Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano's helmet sprang a leak and they nearly drowned during a spacewalk outside the ISS.
Hadfield had a suit mishap of their own on a spacewalk in 2001: A bit of chemical defogger that had been applied to their helmet visor got into their eye, causing them to tear up so badly that for a few scary moments they were unable to see.
On Hadfield's final expedition, the ISS sprang an ammonia leak. “Ammonia is a very nasty chemical that you don't want to get inside the ship,” they say matter-of-factly. “We had to do an emergency spacewalk on one day's notice to go out and fix a system that was leaking.”
Fighting risk with expertise
Hadfield sees such incidents not as exceptions to their bicycle metaphor but as evidence in support of it. The “competence” they talk about refers not to following a specific set of instructions but to a general approach to problem-solving that kicks in whenever it's needed.
As for the ammonia leak, “it's what every member of our crew had been preparing for, for a decade or more: How to get ready for something that is going to push you to your limits, physically and mentally and maybe even tactically, and then summon the reserves to execute it properly,” Hadfield says. “That's the life of an astronaut encapsulated.”
Hadfield and their crewmates quickly fixed the leak. Nobody got sick, and the incident barely even made the news.
Of course, not all the crises astronauts face are manageable. Some end like the Challenger and Columbia disasters, both of which killed entire space shuttle crews. Surely that must spook the astronauts, right?
Hadfield acknowledges Challenger and Columbia as proof that death is always a possibility. But instead of the loss of life, they and their fellow space-flyers focused on positive lessons from the disasters. “We said, ‘What can we learn from these horrific events so that spaceflight will be safer in the future?'”
Chris Hadfield performs a fitness evaluation on the International Space Station on Dec. 12, 2012. NASA
In other words, don't worry about things you can't control. Keep working to address problems up to the last possible moment. If you die, you die. Ultimately, death is something that lies beyond an astronaut's control, so in some sense it's irrelevant. That mindset is part of what NASA selects for, and part of what astronauts train achieving.
The one fear that astronauts cannot vanquish, no matter how much training and mental discipline they bring to bear, is the fear experienced by their friends and family. Yet even here, Hadfield treats the matter as a series of variables to be managed.
“I went so far as to invite my wife to attend one of the simulations in which one of the crewmembers dies during launch or on orbit — what we call a ‘contingency sim' — because I wanted them to see how the process would react to me being killed,” Hadfield says.
The mortal leap to Mars
If the world's space agencies and emerging private ventures like SpaceX and Virgin Galactic keep pressing farther into the solar system, it's inevitable that some of those contingency simulations will come true.
Life aboard the ISS is dangerous, but Earth is just 240 miles away. Rescue or evacuation is always an option. On a moon base, the risks would be greater, and greater still for a mission to Mars. Once the hatch closes, a Mars crew will be on their own for a year or more.
“Either someone's going to have to be willing to take a huge risk of failure where the crew is killed, or we're going to have to spend a huge amount of money on reliability and predictability and redundancy to increase the probability of a safe return to Earth,” Hadfield says.
They can't vouch for the equipment, but he's almost preternaturally confident in the crew. As they see it, this is just another application for the formula of intense competence that negates fear and minimizes danger.
“It's the trade-off of risk, always. What skill sets don't we have yet? What are the probabilities of things going wrong?” Hadfield ticks off the requirements like he's making a grocery list. “Let's try and make the best compromise we can. Just as for the space station crews, so we'll do the same for Mars.”
Want more stories about spaceflight?
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Researchers searching for the genetic roots of hair loss say they've found more than 280 different genes are involved.
And they've come up with a formula that can predict a man's risk of losing their hair, although it's too soon to say there could be a blood test to forecast whether and when a man would start losing their hair.
Genetics of male pattern baldness. University of Edinburgh researchers found 287 genes linked with hair loss Douglas Robertson, University of Edinburgh Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology / PLoS Genetics
It turns out that hair loss is very complicated genetically, the British team reports in the Public Library of Science journal PLoS Genetics.
"In this large genome-wide association study study of male pattern baldness, we identified 287 independent genetic signals that were linked to differences in the trait," Riccardo Marioni and colleagues at the University of Edinburgh wrote.
Related: Cancer Drug Could be Baldness Remedy, Too
"The results of this study might help identify those at greatest risk of hair loss, and also potential genetic targets for intervention."
The team studied the DNA from more than 52,000 mostly middle-aged men taking part in a gigantic British genetic experiment called BioBank.
“ Male pattern baldness affects around 80 percent of men by the age of 80 years.”
"We identified hundreds of new genetic signals," said Saskia Hagenaars, a student who worked on the study.
Although hair loss runs strongly in families, men cannot always look at their fathers and predict their own fates, hair-wise. Some can blame their mothers, the researchers found.
The trawl thought all of the mens' genes found 40 linked with baldness on the X chromosome. The rest were scattered across the genome.
"It was interesting to find that many of the genetic signals for male pattern baldness came from the X chromosome, which men inherit from their mothers," Hagenaars said in a statement.
Of the men in the study, 16,700 had no hair loss. Another 12,000 had slight hair loss; 14,000 had moderate hair loss and 9,800 had severe hair loss.
Related: New Technique Could Reverse Baldness
The researchers linked each man's genetic pattern with the degree of hair loss.
Those with fewer-than-average hair loss genes were predictably less likely to go bald. Only 14 percent in this group were bald and 39 percent hadn't lost any hair at all.
And 58 percent of those with the top 10 percent count of baldness genes also had some hair loss.
That makes the genetic pattern only somewhat predictive.
Related: Hair Loss Drug Linked to Severe Depression
However, it's possible to predict whether a man will lose hair with pretty good certainty. Most are fated to at least have their hair thin out. "Male pattern baldness affects around 80 percent of men by the age of 80 years," the researchers wrote.
"We are still a long way from making an accurate prediction for an individual's hair loss pattern," Marioni said in a statement.
"However, these results take us one step closer. The findings pave the way for an improved understanding of the genetic causes of hair loss."
A couple flying to Costa Rica from Houston for their wedding claims United Airlines had a federal marshal remove them from the flight before take-off on Saturday due to a dispute about their seats.
Michael Hohl and their fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were connecting on United Flight 1737 through Houston to Liberia, Costa Rica and told KHOU that they boarded the plane last and found someone already napping in their seats.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Could you be removed from a plane? What you need to know about your rights 3:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rather than ask the man to move or ask a flight attendant to have them to do so, Hohl said the couple instead sat in empty seats three rows up.
"We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat," Hohl told KHOU, "We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat."
But the seats the couple chose to sit in were upgraded "Economy Plus" seats, which offer extra legroom and are only available for free to high tier passengers in United's loyalty program or to passengers who pay an extra fee.
A flight attendant asked the couple to return to their assigned seats. Hohl said that after asking for an upgrade, the couple complied with the flight attendant's demand, but a U.S. Marshal boarded the plane and asked the couple to get off.
They Said, They Said
United Airlines and the Transportation Security Administration have a different version of the incident.
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Michael McCarthy confirmed to NBC that no federal marshals, nor any TSA officers, were involved in this incident.
In a statement, United said that the couple was offered the opportunity to pay the difference in fare, but they declined and would not follow crew member instructions to return to their assigned seats.
"The couple was asked to leave the plane by our staff and complied," the airline added, and was offered a discounted hotel rate for Saturday evening and rebooked on a flight Sunday morning.
Hohl and their fiancé are unhappy with the way they were treated by the airline.
However, in this case, "the flight attendants were just doing their job," said George Hobica of Airfarewatchdog.com, "I have seen passengers reseating themselves in seats they didn't pay for, and it doesn't seem fair." Nor does it seem fair, they said, to put flight attendants in the position of having to police the cabin for passengers who have switched seats.
@TeenVogue No, these people were trying to get an upgrade without paying. Not the same. — LindsAy (@stellar_zee) April 17, 2017
Moving into empty, higher priced seats at sporting events and theaters is not uncommon, but "United is not the villain here, the airline was completely within its rights," said Henry Harteveldt, a travel expert and principal at Atmosphere Research. "Passengers can be removed from a flight if they deliberately disobey crew instructions and the flight attendant did exactly what they should have done, as they were trained."
A big piece of the puzzle may be missing from this story, said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole, author of Cruising Attitude: Tales of Crashpads, Crew Drama and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet, who notes that reports so far say the couple was repeatedly told to return to their seats.
"The word repeatedly is a big red flag. We have a lot to deal with during boarding. Like, moving families together, finding room for luggage, wedding dresses, wheelchairs, guitars, dealing with people who can't sit in middle seats or don't want to sit next to a child, a large person, a smelly person, an emotional support animal, etc. We don't have time to ask the same people to do the same thing multiple times during boarding."
In the Doghouse
This latest incident may be getting attention because United Airlines is in the spotlight, and in the customer relations doghouse, after its mangled response to a viral video showing security officers at Chicago's O'Hare airport dragging a bloodied passenger off a United Express flight.
"No matter what happens at the airline, whether trivial or substantial, United will get more media coverage than may be justified because of the radioactive residue from the incident on flight 3411," said Harteveldt.
While United has repeatedly apologized to David Dao, the passenger dragged off the United Express flight, and promised customers and employees that it will "fix what's broken so this never happens again," getting out of the spotlight will be difficult, but not impossible.
"The airline must deliver on its stated promise to publicly report by April 30 on the changes it will make to its involuntary denied boarding processes and procedures," said Harteveldt, and, "To its credit, United has already begun to share some of the changes it is making."
Rehabilitation after a stumble "is almost always a possibility" said Douglas Quinby, Vice President, Research at Phocuswright, but the airline will need to improve both its operational performance and customer service, and be honest.
"I always admired Ryanair and Spirit — cheap tickets and crappy service," said Quinby, "But they were honest about it, and never tried to dress it up in corporate marketing speak."
Daniel and Theoni Anastasis have recreated the feeling of a simple village life by developing the derelict stone homes that once lay in the centre of Farmakas village, the same place where Daniel was raised with their mother, Yiayia and Papou. Having returned to Cyprus after 45 years in Africa, Daniel wanted to breathe life into their poignant memories and to revere the beauty of village living that encompasses fresh air, beautiful vista's and food handpicked from the earth. That same magical feeling has been recreated with all the modern conveniences whilst promoting agrotourism in the village and fulfilling Daniel and Theoni's vision of a life that evolves whilst respecting history.
Farmakas Living offers five traditional Agro tourism accommodation with a touch of luxury; family units and suites perfect for couples and sole travellers. All come fully equipped for your stay and can be serviced daily. Also available throughout the village are fully furnished and serviced homestead options and units, for families, large and small groups, and couples.
Tel. 0035799426848
Courtesy of the CTO
A man travelling on a Canadian passport was stopped at an Australian airport on Friday after medical equipment used to perform beauty treatments was found in their luggage.
Australian Border Force agents said about 40 syringes, needle tips and a variety of beauty treatments that are typically injected into the skin were found in a search of their luggage at Melbourne international airport.
Although the items are not prohibited from entering the country, officers accused them of planning to perform unlicensed and “potentially lethal” beauty treatments in Australia.
The 36-year-old man who was born in China but traveling as a Canadian was not identified by the agency but photos, blurred to hide their face, were released.
They were detained but not charged. They face immediate deportation, the agency said.
Craig Palmer, the ABF's acting regional commander, said while interviewing him, agents discovered they had no authority to work in Australia and yet had paid a deposit on a business premises in Melbourne to trade products between Australia and China.
The AFB praised the border intervention as “preventing dangerous and potentially lethal medical procedures being performed in Australia.”
“Our officers are trained to pick up on a range of cues while working the floor in the arrivals hall, and on this occasion they have stopped an individual who was planning to come to Australia to not only work illegally, but who would have posed a significant risk to the community,” said Palmer.
The man was detained but not charged.
Their Electronic Travel Authority, which provides authorization to travel to and enter Australia and is electronically linked to a passport, was cancelled. They will now face a three-year exclusion from entering Australia.
There has been a string of high-profile arrests of Canadians caught at Australia's borders.
Last month, the last of three Canadians pleaded guilty to importing drugs into Australia, including two glamorous Quebec women, caught with suitcases full of cocaine on a luxury cruise ship after documenting their journey with racy photos.
The three entered guilty pleas in court in Sydney. It was the largest drug cache found aboard a passenger ship in Australia.
In October, three Canadians were sentenced to prison terms after cocaine worth more than $20 million was found in their luggage at Sydney airport. Court heard all of them had links to Vice Media's former Canadian music editor, Yaroslav Pastukhov, 27 – better known by their pen name Slava Pastuk – whom the National Post had earlier revealed was accused of using their position in the media to recruit young drug mules. A fourth Canadian woman arrested in that scheme has not yet had their case heard in court.
• Email: ahumphreys@nationalpost.com | Twitter: AD_Humphreys
by Philip Monahan
Have a question you want answered? Email it to us at ask@midcurrent.com.
Question: How do you know what kind of strike indicators to use in a given situation?
Steve B., Telluride, CO
Answer: In most angling situations, a strike indicator has three main duties: 1. stay afloat, 2. be visible, and 3. not spook the fish. You also want it to be sensitive to subtle takes, if you're working slow water or wary fish.
The first time I went out West and saw guys using giant yarn indicators to suspend stonefly nymphs, I was amazed. In most of the places I had fished back east, trout would flee from such a monstrosity floating toward them. But in heavy current, with a heavy fly, you need something of that bulk to stay on the surface. And, of course, Western trout are usually less wary than their Eastern counterparts. Conversely, guys drifting tiny pheasant tails on flatwater sections of spring creeks generally use very small indicators or none at all.
So, when choosing the right indicator, there are many factors to consider:
The kind of water you're fishing (the heavier the water, the bigger the indicator) The weight of the flies (the heavier the flies, the larger the indicator) The wariness of the fish (the warier the fish, the smaller the indicator) The amount of depth adjusting you'll do (some kinds of indicators are easier to move up and down the leader than others) Castability (the larger the indicator, the tougher it is to cast)
Of course, there's a lot of personal preference involved, as well. For most angling situations that don't require a large indicator, I am a fan of floating putty (such as Loon Biostrike or Orvis Strike Putty) because it allows you to tailor the size of the indicator to your needs. Putty comes in several different fluorescent colors, which makes it easy to see in low light, and can be reused. The downside is that it can leave a sticky residue on your line when you remove it. You could also use twist-on or small pegged indicators in most similar situations, if you like.
When I'm suspending flies, fishing heavy riffles, or using heavy nymphs, I prefer a fluorescent yarn indicator, and I try to use the smallest one I can get away with. I slather it with floatant to ensure that it stays on the surface and floats straight upright. One of the big advantages of the yarn indicator is that, when it is floating upright, it is extremely sensitive. Before the indicator actually stops, it will tip to one side, giving you a split-second advantage and the ability to detect subtle takes.
Again, these are personal preferences. As long as you take into consideration the five factors above when choosing an indicator, the style you choose is up to you.
Why it matters to you If you are a vaper, or know someone who is, you'll want to consider this study, which suggests smoking ecigs may not be much better than smoking unfiltered cigarettes, after all.
Ecigarettes are still relatively new, which means that — unlike regular cigarettes — we're still in the early stages of working out how they'll affect our health in the long term.
While some research has reported that they are considerably safer than tobacco cigarettes, a new study from researchers at the University of Connecticut claims something different: that vaping using a device filled with nicotine-based liquid can cause just as much DNA damage as smoking regular cigarettes.
The study involved the use of a new, 3D-printed electro-optical screening device capable of quickly detecting DNA damage. It showed that the damage caused by nicotine ecigarettes is approximately equivalent to that caused by smoking unfiltered tobacco cigarettes. The cellular mutations caused by DNA damage can lead to cancer. The level of potential DNA damage depends on how much vapor is inhaled by the smoker, as well as the quantity of other additives present.
“I was definitely surprised by the results,” Karteek Kadimisetty, a postdoctoral researcher in UConn's chemistry department, told Digital Trends. “Even though there is evidence that ecigarette liquids have harmful chemicals and additives from literature, we expected the toxicity to be low. But our results suggest DNA damage was similar to smoke extracts from conventional cigarettes.”
The testing device created by the researchers is another example of the kind of “organ on a chip” that's popping up in more and more medical trials. The tiny creation — costing less than a dollar to make — essentially acted as a fake lung, and was preloaded with reactive human metabolic enzymes and DNA.
When it was exposed to the effects of vaping, new metabolites were formed and filmed with a camera, thereby letting the researchers see how much relative DNA damage was caused. Samples were gathered at 20, 60, and 100 puffs, with potential DNA damages from ecigarettes increasing with the number of puffs taken.
The work is described in more detail in a paper published in the journal ACS Sensors.
At present, the researchers are continuing to plan the next phase of their research. “We're currently exploring other 3-D printed bio-analytical platforms for toxicity screening of environmental samples and cancer diagnostics,” Kadimisetty said.
PULASKI, Pa. (WYTV) – The Pulaski Township Police Department took to its Facebook page on Friday, urging people to come forward with information on vandalism to a gravesite.
Police said a person reported vandalism to a parent's headstone in Evergreen Cemetery. Someone burned the grave with a flammable liquid and then sprayed it with orange paint.
“We encourage anyone with any information to contact us regarding this disgusting act of vandalism!” read the post from police. “We are also considering a reward of some sort for information leading to the arrest of the individual(s) responsible for such a disgusting act of vandalism!”
Those with information on the crime are asked to call investigators at 724-964-8891, ext. 104.
Christopher Michael Robinson is wanted in Allen County, which is just south of Bowling Green.
ALLEN COUNTY, KY (WAVE) - Authorities in southern Kentucky have issued a warning about a fugitive who they're calling "armed and dangerous."
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
The Allen County Sheriff's Office on Monday night posted on Facebook a photo of Christopher Michael Robinson, who is said to be a known drug user. It's not clear why investigators are looking for him, but the Facebook post indicated that some people had been posting that Robinson had been caught.
Allen County is just above the Tennessee border and southeast of Bowling Green.
Robinson is 38 years old and is described as being 6 feet tall, weighing 176 pounds. They have brown hair, and authorities also noted in the Facebook post that they now wear a full beard. They were last seen wearing a baseball cap and a brown T-shirt with a deer on it.
Anyone with information on Robinson's whereabouts is urged to call the Allen County Sheriff's Office.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man accused in Facebook video killing says they 'just snapped'
+ Ransomware: The computer threat you need to worry about
+ Man accused of trying to kill officer held on $100,000 bond
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
0:51
Trump says any NFL player who sits during anthem is 'son of a bitch' and should be fired
Ross Butler as Zach on Netflix's "13 Reasons Why." Beth Dubber / Netflix
A hit show about a young woman's suicide has generated buzz over whether it glamorizes the ending of a life or helps foster healthy discussions on mental health. One thing Latinos agree on: It has gotten the conversation going.
The popular Netflix series ‘13 Reasons Why'announced Sunday it was returning for a second season. The show has stirred controversy among mental health professionals and several school districts around the country have warned parents about the effects that such an impactful show can have on children and teens.
Topics such as mental illness, suicide, and depression, which are at the center of the ‘13 Reasons Why' series, are generally becoming less of a taboo. But in many Latino homes, families don't openly talk about these topics.
“In my family, we don't discuss mental health and suicide as often as we should, it is viewed as a stigma in the Latino culture,” said Maggie Fuentes, a recent college graduate from Denver, Colorado, who has seen the series. “Oftentimes we perceive mental health as something negative and usually something that you don't talk about," said Fuentes.
Compared to white and black high school students, Latinos reported more suicide attempts, including those resulting in injury or overdoses, and higher incidences of thinking or planning an attempt, according to a 2015 Centers for Disease Control (CDC) report. Latinas in grades 9-12 had reported significantly higher suicide attempts than black and white teen girls.
RELATED: Netflix's ‘13 Reasons Why' Carries Danger of Glorifying Suicide, Experts Say
‘13 Reasons Why' centers on a high school aged girl named Hannah.  They are a teenage girl who encounters several instances of bullying which eventually lead them to commit suicide. But, before they die, Hannah leaves 13 tapes with the reasons why they decided to end their lives.
Katherine Langford from the Netflix Series 13 Reasons Why Beth Dubber / Netflix
“I thought it was a good series because it really gave us adults and professionals a glimpse inside the world of what teens struggle with today,” said Dr. Ingrid Diaz, a New Jersey-based clinical psychologist who works with Latino adolescents and children.
Other professionals feel that the show is troubling because it does not provide a different option.
"Since the show is already here, it has to be used as a teachable moment. said Dr. Tami Benton, associate professor of psychiatry in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. “Unfortunately, it glamorizes suicide and makes it seem as if there isn't any other option, and that is really a problem.”
The actor Selena Gomez, one of the show's executive producers, told the Associated Press that the show hued very close to the book on which it's based — "a beautifully tragic, complicated yet suspenseful story and I think that's what we wanted to do.”
Does the show resonate with Latinos?
Lulu Guerrero, 25, is an actor who lives in New York City. They have watched the series and believes it's important for people to see it. While they don't think the show "glamorizes" suicide, they think the plot simplifies the situation.
“I don't agree with the story's build, like Hannah blaming everyone for their suicide. I don't think [suicide] is as black and white as the show makes it out to be,” they said.
When it comes to their own experience, Guerrero says their family was very open about discussing mental illness.
“When I started showing signs of depression at the age of 13, my parents took the necessary steps to get me help as soon as possible. I was very vocal and showing of my emotions and what I was going through, so I was lucky to have had such involved parents who reacted quickly. Not everyone is so lucky, as you learn from the show,” they said.
RELATED: Teachers Warn Parents About Netflix Suicide Series ‘13 Reasons Why'
Juan Jaramillo, a student from Boston, Massachusetts, thinks mental health was stigmatized while they were growing up and was not discussed in their household.
“To be honest, I wish every Latino household should watch this show,” said the Colombia native. “People need to watch this show because it's raw and the emotions it evokes can really put into perspective why mental health is so important and why we shouldn't discourage our youth from seeking a professional and getting the tools to get better,” they said.
“In our culture, we are brought up thinking those tools don't even exist,” said Jaramillo.
Navigating two worlds
Diaz says that many Latino teens in the U.S. live a dual experience which sometimes can make acceptance among their peers harder. They cite their own experience as a young pre-teen and not being able to do things that are seen as normal in the mainstream, such as sleepovers.
This dual existence of trying to fit in two different worlds, such as having immigrant parents and also trying to adapt to the mainstream culture, can cause struggles among teens who want to feel accepted, "a disparity in acceptance in the mainstream experience,” said Diaz, who talks about these issues when they travel around the country and does suicide assessment training.
Ross Butler as Zach and Katherine Langford as Hannah in Netflix's "13 Reasons Why." Beth Dubber / Netflix
Diaz sees this struggle among Latina girls more so than boys; in general Hispanic young men are generally given more freedom to blend in.
Dr. Luis H. Zayas, PhD, the Dean and Robert Lee Sutherland Chair in Mental Health and Social Policy at the University of Texas at Austin is the author of the book Latinas Attempting Suicide: When Cultures, Families and Daughters Collide. It focuses on why young Latinas have reported higher rates of suicide attempts.
Zayas says that apart from a teen's individual development, clashes between cultures at home (whether they come from a first, second or third generation immigrant family) and family dynamics come into play.
“Sometimes immigrant families have more restrictions for their daughters,” said Zayas, “such as how a lady should act, how they should be more family-oriented and they also might have more restrictions than their male siblings."
In their research, Zayas also found that peers were not as large an influence on teens and their suicide attempts compared to their white counterparts.
Though ‘13 Reasons Why' is centered on a group of teenagers and their experiences, it might not be the same experiences that some young Latinos are facing.
“We have to ask the question whether Latinas can identify with the show and whether the character's life story resonated with the ‘average' Latina experience in the U.S., which also has a lot of different factors," said Zayas.
Opening up, getting help
The takeaway from shows like ‘13 Reasons Why,' say experts, is that parents should have an open dialogue with their children about mental health.
“I watched the series with my 14-year-old daughter. I saw it as an educational moment about pivotal experiences in a teenager's life,” said Diaz. “Parents are afraid of the taboo and about talking it because it can give them ‘ideas,' but the truth is that children already know about this from social media and their friends, but they should know that they can come and talk to you about it, that you [parents] are a resource to them. They should know that suicide is never the answer.”
Zayas says children should understand where their parents are coming from, and why they were raised the way they were, and parents should understand what it's like for their own children.
“It's about them trying to understand each other's perspectives. It's about building bridges,” they said.
Diaz says there is a stigma across all races and nationalities — including many Latino households —that problems or mental health issues should be only handled inside the family.
And Latinos who are very religious, especially immigrants, may not feel comfortable talking openly about mental illness. According to Diaz, many prefer to rely on their clergy before seeking professional help so they are not seen as ‘lacking faith.'
But issues surrounding mental health are legitimate medical issues.
“I think human beings are spiritual, physical and emotional. You have to combine all three aspects of that when you are healing, not just one,” said Diaz.
Teens and adults, say experts like Diaz and Zayas, should not be afraid to seek help.
Christian Navarro arrives at the Netflix FYSee Kick-Off Event on Sunday, May 7, 2017, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (Photo by Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP) Willy Sanjuan / Willy Sanjuan/Invision/AP
In New York City, the organization Comunlife began a program called ‘Life is Precious,' that helps prevent suicide in young Latinas by providing counseling, academic support and therapy. In 2016, they helped 189 Latinas in the New York City area get access to their services.
In response to the outpouring of opinions and concerns surrounding the show, Netflix announced it would add more content warnings to the series. It also created a site, 13ReasonsWhy.info, "a global resource center that provides information about professional organizations that support help around the serious matters addressed in the show,” according to their press release.
If a teen or adult is experiencing suicidal thoughts, they should reach out to a health care professional, especially one with which they are comfortable. If no one is available, anyone can call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK, which is open 24 hours, seven days a week.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Suffolk residents had the chance to grill BT Openreach's CEO last week in a discussion about poor broadband across the county.
The meeting, which was organised by Bury St Edmunds MP Jo Churchill, let people voice their problems to Clive Selley, including poor communication from Openreach, slow connection speeds, confusing terms on the BT Openreach web site and residents' individual issues.
Visit to Ringshall by Clive Selley, CEO of Openreach, to discuss better Broadband for Suffolk, along with an introduction by Jo Churchill Pictured: Clive Selley PICTURE: Mecha Morton
At the meeting in Ringshall Village Hall, Mrs Churchill, who is campaigning for better broadband for residents, said: “I think one of the frustrations comes from what we are being told about what speeds are available in places as far away as Rwanda but here for example in Ringshall you can not even get on, so it is a question of bridging that gap.”
The Universal Broadband Service Obligation, which has been set up with BT and the government, is hoping to give every home and business in the UK the right to request a high speed connection of at least 10 Megabits per second (MBps) by the end of 2020.
Mr Selley said that although around 95 per cent of premises already have access to super fast broadband - 24MBps- which is more than enough for average households, rural areas were presenting unique challenges.
They said: “While we are getting around 15,000 homes on super fast per week, the volume of noise and frustration from those who are not is going up.
“We are committed to doing the roll out as quickly as we can, though I fully accept that in Suffolk we have got some catching up to do.”
People who were at the discussion included Clare and Scott Moore, from Gislingham, who both work from home with Mr Moore running an IT business. Houses 400m away from them have fast broadband but they only have 0.5MBps.
Mr Moore said: “We are one of those remote properties down the line, as a business we are being excluded from using programmes for wages and things because we tell them our broadband speeds, they tell us to forget it.
“If it gets much worse or we were not going to get fast broadband for five years we would have to move.”
Mrs Moore also said it was a matter of communication with the company about their issues.
Another person unhappy with communication was Brian Lummis from Borley Green.
Nearby Woolpit is fully connected with super fast broadband but in their hamlet they are not.
They suggested villages should have broadband champions to help BT Outreach solve the problems.
They said: “It needs to be a two-way system though as I find it very frustrating that I can not get an answer to a simple question and you go round and round in circles.”
Other solutions proposed by Mr Selley were to have better collaborations with councils, directly connecting isolated homes to fibre lines and projects to complete whole villages by checking for isolated places.
The question was asked if the CEO believed the universal broadband obligation target at the end of 2020 was realistic as it was believed that there was a funding shortfall of around £20 million for the project.
They said: “We have three years to go and MP Matthew Hancock is working very hard to come up with funding arrangements that will make that possible.
“So if the money is on the table and we had the three years we could get very close.”
After the meeting, Mrs Churchill said: “It is really important for residents and businesses to see Openreach are doing more than just acknowledging the situation and are willing to reach out to affected areas,
“I want to be able to work with Openreach, Suffolk County Council, local residents and businesses to resolve this problem.
“That, I believe, is what it will take and this meeting must be a first step to making this happen.”
Even though it was erupting, more material was coming into the volcano than was going out, and that was causing the pressure to increase. That's often followed by some kind of breakout somewhere, either enhanced activity or new eruptive vent. That was going on for, I think, several months. And then, immediately preceding the breakouts in the Leilani Estates area [one of the residential areas affected by the latest Kilauea activity], there were earthquakes migrating into that region. There was evidence of ground tilting, so we knew magma was on the move. We didn't yet know whether it would lead to an eruption. But, of course, once you see that, you're not surprised that it starts erupting.
Are volcanoes like earthquakes in the sense that geologists can look at tension building up on a fault and more or less predict when the next big one will occur?
It's different in a number of respects. With earthquakes, for example, in the San Andreas Fault — I worked on that as well — and we can measure strain building up. But we haven't yet seen anything reliably that indicates a change in behavior before an earthquake. Strain will build up and in some cases for rather large earthquakes, it may be 200 years between events or longer, potentially.
In the Pacific Northwest, we think it may be 500 years between the big magnitude 9 [earthquakes], but we see energy building up at a pretty constant rate, and we've been trying very hard to see if we can find something that indicates an acceleration or a change in behavior that leads to the earthquake, other than foreshocks. We haven't seen anything that's consistent and reliable. There are hints here and there, but nothing that we can reliably point to.
Short-term earthquake forecasting is much, much more challenging, whereas volcanic eruptions can't occur unless magma moves into the subsurface. Unlike earthquake prediction — which in terms of short-term prediction is currently not feasible and may never be feasible on a short timescale — volcano prediction is feasible and is common if volcanoes are instrumented. But not all volcanoes are instrumented. You can't do it if you don't have anything to measure.
Is it possible to predict the severity of a volcanic eruption?
There are a couple ways we can get it. One way is just to know what volcanoes have done in the past. If you have a particular volcano, like Kilauea, we have a fairly long historical record. But you can also go back and look at the deposits from past eruptions and see whether they were passive lava flows or they were explosive ash-forming eruptions. We know, for example, that Kilauea has generated explosive ash-forming eruptions in the past, and part of that is from Hawaiian oral tradition, and part of that is from just mapping the geology, mapping the deposits.
The Center for Active Learning and Undergraduate Engagement (CALUE) at Texas Tech University has conference travel funding available to assist with the cost associated with presenting at a professional conference occurring from September 1, 2016 - August 31, 2017. We are now accepting applications!
Refer to the following link to apply. If you have any questions please contact the CALUE staff.
Travel funding link: http://www.depts.ttu.edu/calue/travelfundingdetails.php
Center for Active Learning and Undergraduate Engagement
Administration 233
calue.ttu.edu
806-742-1095
calue@ttu.edu
Beverly Hills (PRUnderground) July 3rd, 2018
Top-rated Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy is a title ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is proud to carry. They are staffed with professionals who take your health as seriously as they take their own. The Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy is dedicated to providing the best care available. ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills guarantees your satisfaction. ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills can be found at 9033 Wilshire Blvd., #102 Beverly Hills, CA 90211 or online at http://www.pharmacyofbeverlyhills.com/ (310) 777-0052.
_ _ _ _ _
ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is a great Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy with the best pharmacists in the city. ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is honored to be acknowledged as one of premier Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy. They are motivated by the fact that they are relied on by so many of their patients to provide excellent service.
Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy as good as ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills are not easy to find. ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is happy to serve their community by offering fantastic service to their patients. They are a Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy that treats their patients like they were their own family.
The Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy team at ABC Pharmacy at Beverly Hills is motivated, highly-qualified, and capable of handling any prescriptions. Everyone at the Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy is thoroughly vetted and has the necessary skills to effectively perform their job. The staff has a solid understanding of their patients and the best way to treat them. ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is a top Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy that anyone can trust.
_ _ _ _ _
About ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills
ABC Pharmacy of Beverly Hills is a Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy that puts their patients first. They have a highly qualified staff that is devoted to providing the best service possible for all their patients. They are a top-notch Santa Monica Compounding Pharmacy that will not settle for anything less than full patient satisfaction. To see us, go to 9033 Wilshire Blvd., #102 Beverly Hills, CA 90211 or online a http://www.pharmacyofbeverlyhills.com/ (310) 777-0052.
About Pharmacy of Beverly Hills
LOS ANGELES — In the new season of “The Handmaid's Tale,” there are tantalizing flashbacks to what preceded the Republic of Gilead, the bleak shredding of a flawed but free society. There also are suggestions that a fight is brewing against the oppressive state and its enslavement of women.
If the awards-lavished Hulu drama is indeed poised for an explosive second season, it will be in part because the male characters — some of them — step up their rebellion against the hellish Gilead drawn from author Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel.
“This season expands from the original (story) and also in pace and stakes. There seems to be a volatility underlying everything that happens this season, bubbling anarchy and resistance that brings out a lot of tension,” said O-T Fagbenle, who plays husband Luke to Elisabeth Moss' June, dubbed Offred in this dystopian future world.
June remains the hero of the saga, one of the handmaids forced to bear children for the state's ruling class bedeviled by infertility. When season two arrives Wednesday, June's refusal to join in stoning a rebellious handmaid inspires a small but brave stand.
The consequences appear dire, with a ghostly, abandoned stadium that's set for a mass hanging and representative of a wrenching season. Central to it: June's determination to break free from Gilead and the household of Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) and their wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski).
But who will help them to fight Gilead, which some have deemed a metaphor for our time? Them husband, who managed to flee the East Coast republic to the safe zone of Canada? Better positioned is Nick (Max Minghella), who was tapped by infertile Serena to stand in with June for the apparently sterile Fred. The now-pregnant June and Nick form an emotional bond.
Luke and Nick resist in “very, very different ways,” said executive producer Bruce Miller. “One from the inside, pulling strings to keep (June) alive, the other from the outside. And they're both at some times thwarted in frustrating ways as the season goes on.”
But neither can shake “the dogged nature of hope,” Miller said.
Holding back spoilers, the men of “The Handmaid's Tale” weighed in on what they see for their characters and the story's direction over season two's 13 episodes on the streaming service. How many seasons to come remains to be determined, Miller said.
PREPARE TO BE SUPRISED
“We are now very far away from the novel, and so there is an unpredictability which as a viewer and a reader I found to be very satisfying,” said Minghella. “I didn't, however, anticipate where we were going to go next and I was often wrong in my predictions.”
Minghella's Nick is “somebody who's trying to control an uncontrollable circumstance, and they can't. They have to face some obstacles that are not surmountable,” they said. “That's true of all the characters in the show, so we're all thrown into the drama.”
In Canada, Fagbenle's Luke is grappling with the loss of their family and in the company of escaped handmaids Moira (Samira Wiley) and Erin (Erin Way), both deeply traumatized.
“He's trying to manage that dynamic to some extent, deal with impotency and their lack of ability to get back to their wife,” Fagbenle said. “And then things unfold during the series which reinvigorate their drive and determination to make a difference, no matter the cost.”
Fiennes said that with Fred, a window opens into where they stand in the hierarchy of the commanders' world amid the pressure to be recognized and promoted.
“When they feel their masculinity amongst other men is being questioned or lessened, they invariably come back into their own household and inflicts their feelings against the women,” said Fiennes, calling it “one of many complicated roots causes to the way people and men behave” in the quest for power.
BRUTAL HONESTY
While the handmaids gut it out under horrific conditions, including in the environmentally toxic Colonies, the men of Gilead must come to grips with their own nature. The truth isn't always pretty.
Fiennes sees their character and their wife as “architects of their own demise.”
Fred fell in love with a “strong-voiced” woman and brilliant writer in Serena, one who shared their principles and philosophies, Fiennes said. “What's fascinating is that Fred never stood up for them when they were given an opportunity to be a commander,” accepting power in a society in which they knew they wouldn't be allowed to “have that voice.”
For their part, Fagbenle is reluctant to accept June's husband as “a good guy.”
“If in the face of such repression (the reaction) is to do nothing, is to give lip service, is that good? I don't know if I could give Luke that much credit. … He's a guy who loves their wife but in terms of what's been faced, did they step up early enough and did they step up actively enough? In my estimation, I don't think he's done enough.”
Nick is a worthy man, Minghella said, but in an impossible spot.
“He's a spy on a spy on a spy. As a result they end up often being complicit in actions that are morally reprehensible. But to say that they personally endorse them, that would be a misrepresentation.”
Among the many failed men of Gilead, Fiennes gives Nick and Luke a shout-out as “wonderful components of the male psyche as husband and lover and supporter.”
——
Lynn Elber is a national television columnist for The Associated Press. They can be reached at lelber//twitter.com/lynnelber.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Las Vegas is betting on a new approach to combat rising heroin and HIV rates: vending machines of clean needles.
But the syringe exchange vending machines, a first in the United States, aren't open to just anyone walking by. They are accessible to clients of Trac-B Exchange, a program run by the Las Vegas Hard Reduction Center.
And the machines don't take money. Instead, drug users scan a card and enter a unique ID number in order to vend one of the colorfully gift-wrapped boxes inside.
"This is a harm reduction approach," said Chelsi Cheatom, program manager for Trac-B Exchange, in an interview with NBC Las Vegas affiliate KSNV. "People are already exchanging in these behaviors, and anytime someone's engaging in a behavior that could cause them some potential health side effects, we want to encourage them to reduce their risk of harm."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed First Needle Vending Machine for Drug Users Debuts in Nevada 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The center worked in collaboration with the Southern Nevada Health District and the Nevada AIDS Research and Education Society (NARES) to install the new machines, which will be available at three different locations by the end of May. Each client will be limited to two kits a week; each box contains syringes, alcohol wipes, safe sex supplies, and a sharps disposal box.
"Providing clean needles and supplies is a proven method for limiting disease transmission in a community," said Dr. Joe Iser, Chief Health Officer of the Southern Nevada Health District, in a statement Wednesday.
Nevada is the first U.S. state to launch a vending machine program for clean syringes, but the vending machine model has been in use for several years in Puerto Rico, Europe, and Australia.
In 2014, a harm-reduction group installed crack pipe vending machines in Vancouver, Canada. But that program operated differently, with full access to anyone for just a quarter.
Here in the U.S., harm reduction groups — which offer clean drug paraphernalia to users in order to lower rates of disease transmission and illness — are usually required to keep track of their clients.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Drug Overdoses Involving Heroin Tripled from 2010 to 2015, CDC Finds 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), heroin use among young people ages 18-25 has more than doubled over the past decade. And between 2002 and 2013, the rate of heroin overdose deaths more than quadrupled.
In January 2016, Congress ended a ban on federal funding to syringe exchange programs. The move was made partially in response to the highly publicized 2015 HIV crisis that hit a tiny county in rural Indiana — where nearly 200 people were diagnosed with HIV in relation to a "close network" of drug users sharing hard-to-find needles.
"The debate over whether syringe exchanges are beneficial has long been settled," said Daniel Raymond, Deputy Director of Planning and Policy at the Harm Reduction Coalition. "The issue now is more, what method is appropriate for my community?"
Nevada rolls out the nation's first vending machines that provide clean needles for IV drug users. KSNV
Injection drug use is actually low on the scale when it comes to HIV transmission: only about 6 percent of new HIV cases in 2015 were attributable to syringes, said the CDC. But as many as 45 percent of young injection drug users carry the Hepatitis C virus, with rates rising in rural and suburban areas.
In Clark County, where Las Vegas is located, HIV transmission rates among needle users are higher than the national average at 9 percent.
For harm reduction workers, though, needle exchange is about a lot more than just lowering disease rates.
"It's a philosophy of service at the front end, and adjusting the way we look at drug users," said Liz Evans, the Executive Director at New York Harm Reduction Educators. "Too often we fail to see drug users as human beings, and they become defined by that and get called all these names like junkies and addicts. It becomes harder as a society to respond to them with kindness."
Terry Crews: 'I still have to send a check to my molester' The actor discussed their lawsuit against WME agent Adam Venit, who Crews claims groped them at an industry event in 2016.
Oscars producer: Kimmel will have 'field day' with envelope flub The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Tuesday that Jimmy Kimmel will return to host next year's 90th annual Academy Awards.
Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco The epic envelope flub ended with Annette Bening telling Warren Beatty to come home.
Academy Awards board voting on 'new protocols' this week All 54 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science's board of governors are scheduled to convene behind closed doors.
Ryan Gosling explains their Best Picture gaffe giggle-fit The "La La Land" star couldn't contain their laughter when the wrong film was called to win Best Picture.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Baltimore Ravens will partner with M&T Bank for an annual Earth Day event on Thursday, April 20.
In line with GamePlanEarth, a season-long environmental initiative established and led by the Ravens to help make Baltimore a more sustainable city, the Ravens and M&T Bank will help revitalize multiple neighborhoods in Baltimore.
Approximately 100 volunteers comprised of staff from both the Ravens and M&T Bank will split up and spend their day under the guidance of local organizations whose missions support environmental efforts that better the quality of life in Maryland, including the Parks & People Foundation, Waterfront Partnership and Blue Water Baltimore.
The Ravens' 2017 Earth Day service project is an extension of the team's continued environmental efforts, including M&T Bank Stadium's LEED Gold Certification, a designation given to organizations that strive to deliver healthy, eco-friendly, cost-saving and energy- and water-efficient operating buildings in the community.
In addition to partnering with local nonprofits to facilitate the volunteer activities for Earth Day, Long Fence Company made an announcement to donate the construction of a garden fence at Windsor Hills Elementary School (see below), a critical element in a project to help protect and sustain outstanding work the students have done on school grounds.
9 a.m.
Windsor Hills Elementary School
4001 Alto Road
Baltimore, MD 21216
*Volunteers will join Parks & People Foundation and work alongside students to perform tree maintenance, build composters, collect trash and plant in the garden. Students will also participate in education stations and a scavenger hunt. Representatives from Long Fence Company will be at the school on Thursday to discuss their garden fence donation and its importance to the project's success.
10 a.m.
Baltimore Inner Harbor – Harborplace Amphitheater
201 E. Pratt Street
Baltimore, MD 21202
*Volunteers will join Waterfront Partnership's Healthy Harbor Initiative at the Baltimore Inner Harbor to plant and launch floating wetlands that will clean the water as they grow and provide a habitat for harbor wildlife.
12 p.m.
Carroll Park – Gwynns Falls Trailhead
2100 Washington Boulevard
Baltimore, MD 21230
*Volunteers will join Blue Water Baltimore to remove trash along the Gwynns Falls Trail to help restore the quality of Baltimore's rivers, streams and harbor to foster a healthy environment.
Image copyright Family website Image caption Olaseni Lewis died after they their brain was starved of oxygen
Six police officers have been cleared of gross misconduct over the death of a mental health patient who collapsed after being restrained in hospital.
Olaseni Lewis, 23, died in 2010 soon after they were restrained by officers in Bethlem Royal Hospital, Beckenham.
An inquest jury previously found multiple failings by the officers had contributed to their death.
But, a misconduct hearing concluded those claims were "unproven" and any failings were "performance matters".
Following the ruling, Mr Lewis's family said that without acknowledging the way they died as "unacceptable", the disciplinary process risked being "meaningless".
IT graduate Mr Lewis - also known as Seni - collapsed after being restrained for two prolonged periods of 10 and 20 minutes that left them unconscious.
Image copyright Met Police Image caption The six Met officers were all attached to Bromley Borough
They did not regain consciousness and died a few days later, their brain having been starved of oxygen.
In May, an inquest jury returned a narrative conclusion, stating the officer's "unnecessary and unreasonable" use of force had "on the balance of probability, contributed to the cause of death."
It also found officers had failed to follow training or take into account Mr Lewis's medical condition.
However their tribunal hearing, led by a senior officer from Kent Police, was told the officers had acted reasonably and in accordance with their training during a "dynamic and constantly changing" situation.
'Important issues'
In a statement read by their lawyer, Mr Lewis's family said the disciplinary process would be "meaningless" unless the Met "recognise... what happened to Seni was simply unacceptable."
They called for Met Commissioner Cressida Dick "to meet with us so we may help her... understand the lessons that need to be learnt so that other families need not go through what we have had to endure."
Met Deputy Assistant Commissioner Richard Martin said they had "no doubt" the officers involved had "set out that day to their very best".
They said "a number of important issues" had been raised by the inquest, adding the way the Met "respond to someone in mental health crisis in a medical institute has fundamentally changed."
Share
If you're a cord cutter, or you're thinking of finally taking the plunge, we've got good news: There's never been a better time to drop your cable or satellite provider and start tuning in to free, over-the-air (OTA) HD broadcasts. A massive increase in HD antenna models has helped a lot, as has the expansion of streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video, which can supplement broadcast TV at a fraction of the price of a cable or satellite subscription.
It's easy to connect an antenna right into your TV to watch live digital broadcasts, but for an experience more like cable, your cord-cutting journey isn't complete without an OTA receiver/DVR. For as little as $90 upfront, the latest generation of these devices gives you an easy way to view what's on, schedule recordings, watch live and recorded shows on a second (or third or fourth) TV, watch your content on the go, and much more. But each product and service combination is a little bit different, while pricing and features can vary a ton. Digital Trends has gathered some of the top choices in one spot, so you can virtually try before you buy. These are our picks for the best OTA receiver/DVR.
TiVo Roamio OTA Vox
The best
Why should you buy this: You can cut the cord without losing any of the features you love.
Who's it for: Cord cutters who still want a remote control, voice search, and a cable-like experience.
How much will it cost: $400 for the Roamio OTA Vox 1TB 4-tuner model (includes lifetime TiVo service); $180 per additional TV with the TiVo Mini Vox.
Why we picked the TiVo Roamio OTA Vox:
Moving into the world of OTA TV can feel a little bit like you're taking a leap into the unknown, but going OTA with the help of a TiVo makes the transition almost unnoticeable. With a traditional remote control and an HDMI cable that plugs into your TV or A/V receiver, the TiVo Roamio OTA Vox looks and feels just like the set-top box from your cable company. You'll get maximum picture quality, while the availability of up to 5.1 Dolby Digital sound is something the other solutions on our list simply don't offer.
But wait, there's much more.
TiVo's hallmark auto-record feature and 1TB of available storage ensures there's always something to watch – an even bigger benefit when dealing with fewer channels than cable or satellite – and the redesigned TiVo Home screen curates everything into an intuitive carousel view. The traditional on-screen guide is superbly laid out, with each channel clearly labeled. We also love options like voice-enabled search, as well as the ability to hunt for something to watch while your current TV channel continues to play in the corner – another feature on this list that's exclusive to TiVo.
Channel changes are instant and, in our experience, the Roamio OTA Vox was able to find more channels and maintain a better signal for these channels than the competition. Streaming services like Netflix and Hulu are preloaded, so you likely won't need a third-party box like an Apple TV or a Chromecast, potentially saving you money and simplifying your setup.
With some TiVo boxes, signing up for the monthly service subscription can start to feel like another cable bill. The Roamio OTA Vox, however, has an “all-in” service included in the $400 price.
One downside to using TiVo is that – for now – the only way to broadcast to more TVs is by buying Mini Vox boxes for each. You can have up to 10 Minis in your home, but the Roamio can only power three (plus your main TV) simultaneously. You'll also need to make sure you have an Ethernet (or MoCA) connection for each TiVo box, as Wi-Fi isn't supported for multiroom.
Tablo DUAL OTA DVR
The best OTA receiver for maximum flexibility
Why should you buy this: With rock-solid Wi-Fi and support for tons of devices, this OTA DVR does it all.
Who's it for: People with existing smart TVs or streaming devices like Apple TV, Roku, or Chromecast.
How much will it cost: $220 for the 2-tuner Tablo Dual 64GB or $120 for the Dual Lite (no internal storage), plus a $5 monthly subscription.
Why we picked the Tablo Dual:
For starters, the Tablo Dual is super-easy to set up and use. Its app-based interface is clean and simple, and after a quick scan, it lets you pick which of your available channels you'd like to add to your guide, instead of assuming you want them all. But the Tablo's key advantage is its ability to be placed anywhere in your home, whether that's near your TV or router, or not. Unlike other receivers, which need to be connected to your antenna, hardwired to your router, and in some cases connected to your TV, the Tablo only needs an antenna connection and power. In fact, it has no TV output at all.
Instead, Tablo streams your OTA channels to your TV via a compatible media device, like an Apple TV 4th Gen, or a Roku. If you have the right smart TV, you may not need an external device at all. Here's the full list of compatible devices — it's extensive and offers something for almost everyone, with the exception of PlayStation 3 and PS4 owners. The main downside to this all-wireless model is that it doesn't support Dolby Digital audio, which is unfortunate given how many broadcasters now use this format.
With two OTA tuners, the Tablo Dual can receive and record two different channels simultaneously, but you're not limited to two devices. Depending on the speed of your home network, up to six devices can watch content simultaneously. Given how many of us watch content on our phones and tablets, that's a lot of potential screens powered by a single receiver. Whether you buy the Dual 64GB or the storage-less Lite, you can add up to 8TB of storage with your own hard drive via the Tablo's USB port.
On its own, the Tablo will give you 24 hours of guide info, and the ability to record and livestream any OTA content you can receive. For a subscription fee of $5 per month, $50 per year, or a one-time $150 fee, you get 14 days of guide info, advanced recording features (like stopping or starting a recording two minutes earlier or later), and a must-have feature for frequent travelers: Remote-view capability for access to the entire system from anywhere with a decent internet connection.
The Tablo's interface comprises a mix of traditional on-screen channel guide and curated “suggested” content, sorted by genre, making it easy to see what's on tap. If you're the impatient sort, though, channel changes may prove frustrating as, unless you've got a very solid Ethernet connection, there's a pretty notable lag as the Tablo tunes into the new channel and starts up the stream. There's also no way to keep watching one channel while you surf the guide for something else.
Still, the Tablo is one of the easiest and most affordable ways to get your OTA channels on demand.
HDHomeRun + PLEX Live TV
The best receiver for control freaks
Why should you buy this: It's dirt cheap, yet packs some really powerful features.
Who's it for: DIY aficionados with a dedicated Plex server and a fast local network.
How much will it cost: $75 for the SiliconDust 2-tuner HDHomeRun Connect receiver, $5 per month for Plex Pass.
Why we picked the HDHomeRun + PLEX Live TV:
If you've already invested in Plex as a media-serving platform for your movie, music, and photo libraries, adding a Plex-friendly OTA receiver like the HDHomeRun Connect is a dirt-cheap way to enjoy broadcast channels on just about any screen you can think of.
The tiny HDHomeRun receiver shows up as the source of Live TV inside your Plex Media Server, and just like the rest of your Plex library, it can be viewed on any supported Plex client. You'll need your antenna connection and an Ethernet cable to connect the HDHomeRun, which may be tricky for homes that are mostly networked via Wi-Fi. You'll also need an active Plex Pass subscription, as Live TV/DVR is considered a premium feature.
Plex displays all of your available TV shows just like the rest of your media library, and organizes them into three main sections: On Right Now, Starting Soon, and New Episodes Tonight. It's a friendly, familiar interface for Plex users, and naturally, it works on every device that Plex supports, including smart TVs, Apple TV, Roku, iOS, Android, etc. The beauty of the Plex integration is that your Plex Media Server is the DVR, so no additional storage is needed. Running Plex on a honking 16TB NAS (Network Attached Storage) drive? Congrats, you've theoretically got a 16TB DVR. If your Plex Media Server has power to spare, you can even enable a “remove commercials” feature, which will automatically attempts to strip all ads from your recordings.
Unfortunately, much more than with TiVo or Tablo, your Plex Live TV and DVR performance will vary based on your hardware and network. Because Plex clients don't natively understand MPEG-2 video, which the HDHomeRun Connect distributes from OTA signals, they must be transcoded to the H.264 format. Mac and PCs can handle this task effortlessly, but if you run Plex on a NAS drive, like our test WD My Cloud Mirror, you may find limited support for your Plex clients.
In addition, Plex doesn't have a traditional TV interface, relying instead on a category-based system that doesn't let you easily see which channel shows are broadcast from, or how the shows are scheduled over the coming hours and days. Channel changes are similar to the Tablo: There's a distinct lag as the new stream gets going, and there's no way to watch one stream while hunting for another.
There's no doubt that for the rock-bottom investment of $75 for the OTA receiver, and let's say a one-time cost of $120 for a lifetime Plex Pass, you get plenty of bang for the buck, especially if you've already got lots of Plex-enabled devices around the house and a dedicated Plex Media Server. But if this doesn't sound like you, or the thought of setting up a Plex server and using it to watch TV leaves you in a cold sweat, you should probably look at our other picks.
How We Test
We tested these three OTA receiver setups much the same way you would: We had them shipped to us, we set them up according to the instructions they came with, and when we ran into trouble, we called their tech support departments. We used the same outdoor, roof-mounted OTA antenna and amplifier with each product — an Antennas Direct Clearstream 2V and a ChannelMaster Titan 2 — to make sure the base reception of channels was the same for all of them.
The rest was simple: We watched a lot of TV. We watched it on a top-of-the-line 4K TV, a budget 720p HDTV, an iPhone, an iPad, and an Android phone. When it was supported, we used an Apple TV 4th Gen, and a Roku Streaming Stick.
We tried switching channels as fast as possible; we observed things like audio and video clarity, buffering issues, and took careful note of how many channels we could access. We set up recordings and watched them later, and we paid attention to how each device's interface affected the overall user experience.
Bonus helpful advice sections
Other options
If you're familiar with the OTA space, you know that there are more than just three products on the market. ChannelMaster, for instance, makes the popular DVR+ receiver and recorder. We didn't include it in this roundup because the company asked that we wait until its next-generation product, the Stream+ , is available, as it replaces the DVR+ in the ChannelMaster lineup. We'll continue to update this list as more options come online.
Antenna selection
Getting the most out of your OTA setup really begins with your antenna. The kind you buy and where you place it will determine how many channels you receive. Digital Trends has a comprehensive guide to selecting the right antenna for your home, which we encourage you to check out before you commit to an OTA receiver.
Change of heart?
If you tend to have misgivings about changes to your entertainment options, you may want to consider the TiVo Bolt Vox. It offers all of the same great features as the Roamio, including a four tuner OTA receiver, but it's also 4K and CableCARD ready, so if you decide you can't live without your cable subscription after all, at least you won't have to trade in your receiver.
The ZenFone AR is the first mobile device to ship with both Tango and Daydream capabilities, taking advantage of Google's augmented- and virtual realty programs. The first commercially available Tango-ready phone was the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, which runs on the Snapdragon 652 processor. We found the phone itself to be underwhelming, but playing around with Tango was certainly cool when it worked.
The ZenFone AR will support Daydream VR versions of Google Street View, YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and games like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Need for Speed and Gunjack 2. Rumors about the new phone have been dribbling out across the internet for months now, including a reported image posted by @evleaks today.
ASUS ZenFone AR (2nd Google Tango phone) pic.twitter.com/ctKQ9IKfeC — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 2, 2017
"The ZenFone AR with Snapdragon 821 is built for VR with high-resolution display, ultra-smooth graphics and high-fidelity sensors for precise head tracking," Qualcomm's blog post reads. "Snapdragon 821 provides the cutting-edge visual, audio and interactive technologies required to deliver truly immersive mobile VR experience for leading Android smartphones."
We've reached out the ASUS for more details on the ZenFone AR and will update this post as we hear back.
Image copyright University of Waterloo Image caption Canada is investing $2.7m to develop technology to detect stealth aircraft
Canada has invested $2.7m (£1.93m) into developing quantum radar - a new technology that would greatly improve the detection of stealth aircraft.
The technology is being developed by the University of Waterloo to replace existing Arctic radar stations.
Quantum radar can theoretically detect objects with a greater level of accuracy than conventional radar.
It makes use of quantum illumination - the process of isolating pairs of entangled photons.
So far, the technology has been tested only in laboratories.
Canada and the US jointly maintain 54 North Warning System (NWS) radar stations in the Arctic, which act as the first line of early warning atmospheric air defence for North America.
These radar stations are approaching the end of their life spans, and could need to be replaced as early as 2025.
Several other countries are also interested in developing quantum radar, including China and Russia.
In November, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, in Shanghai, announced that its scientists were developing a new type of spy satellite that would be able to "uncover" stealth aircraft.
How does quantum illumination work?
Quantum illumination uses quantum entanglement, a phenomenon whereby a pair of photons are connected, and even if the photons are separated by a great distance - such as hundreds of miles - actions performed on one photon continue to affect the other.
True quantum entanglement is difficult to maintain for long periods of time, and computer scientists and quantum physicists continue to puzzle over this problem in order to build quantum computers and make quantum encryption work.
However, even if the pair of photons disconnect - a process known as "decoherence"- they still remain related, which means they can be used to detect stealth aircraft.
Detecting stealth aircraft
Imagine you're firing out photons in the hope they will hit something and bounce back. If they bounce back, it tells you there is something there. That's how regular radar works, using microwave signals.
Stealth fighter jets and bombers are typically designed to have lots of angles, so that when a microwave photon bounces towards the body of the aircraft, instead of bouncing straight back to the sender, the photons bounce off in a different direction.
This means that fewer photons return to the detector, which makes the object seem "invisible" on conventional radar detectors.
With quantum radar, you have a pair of entangled photons, and one of the photons gets fired out.
It bounces off the hidden object, and because it is entangled, the detector can trace where it went to, and keep firing more photons until a picture is built up of where the object is in the atmosphere - a bit like a quantum version of the game Battleship.
According to quantum computing expert Prof Alan Woodward, of Surrey University, when an entangled photon is fired out, there is a much higher level of certainty that the photon detected is actually one that you fired, as opposed to other photons that just happened to be around the aircraft at the time.
"In theory, entangled photons should be a significant improvement over the results of conventional radar," they told the BBC.
"But we're at a very early stage, and this investment is about seeing whether we can really turn theory into practice."
Roger McDermott, a visiting senior research fellow at the department of war studies at King's College London, said that there were currently no known electronic warfare technologies capable of unmasking stealth aircraft.
Quantum radar could become a viable form of electronic warfare, they said, but so far, "there is little evidence that it has advanced much beyond the laboratory" in any country.
"It needs further research and development, as well as field testing before it reaches a realistic procurement option," they said.
Prof Woodward said that in addition to improving North America's radar defence, Canada has a history of supporting quantum technologies, and would like to be one of the top countries in the world in this field.
Image copyright Getty Images
The rock and roll potato feud just got serious.
Parklife festival in Manchester has banned potato peelers after being swamped with requests following the announcement of Liam Gallagher as a headliner.
This goes back to Liam asking fans to "peel some spuds" at a gig last year after brother Noel's appearance on Jools Holland.
It was a dig at the decision by Noel to have one of their band play the scissors.
Liam's referred to their brother as a "potato" on a number of occasions.
So after seeing the performance with scissors, there was only one natural response.
Skip Twitter post by @liamgallagher Im looking for somebody to peel some spuds live on stage tnight at this gig in Bethnal Green must have own peeler as you were LG x — Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) November 7, 2017 Report
Clearly, the offer is proving too tempting.
Speaking to the Manchester Evening News, Parklife founder Sacha Lord-Marchionne said they'd been "blown away at how many people have asked to bring in potato peelers for Liam's main stage performance."
And let's not forget, they're sharp implements which is not ideal in a crowded situation.
"In case you're wondering - the answer is most definitely no," said Sacha.
The ban seems like the sensible option. Imagine if you had tens of thousands of people all doing the same as this man.
Parklife is now in it's ninth year and is one of the biggest metropolitan festivals in the UK.
This will be Liam's first performance but he's played at the Heaton Park venue a number of times with Oasis.
Other headliners at the June event include The xx, Skepta and N.E.R.D.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here
Osun West bye-election: Tight security as APC, PDP hold primaries
Security was beefed up in Osogbo, the Osun capital, and Iwo Local Government Area of the state on Wednesday as the Progressives Congress (APC) and Peoples Democratic (PDP) primaries for Osun-West Senatorial District bye-election got underway. While APC was holding its primary in Osogbo, PDP convened its own in Iwo Local Government Area of the state. Correspondents of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), who are at the venues of the primaries, report that there was heavy presence of mobile and regular police officers as well as officers of the Department of State Security Service and NSCDC.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption The motorbike and a Ford Focus crashed on Trearddur Road
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a car in Anglesey.
A North Wales Police spokesperson said officers were called to the accident on Trearddur Road, Trearddur Bay, at about 11:30 BST on Wednesday.
The emergency services, including an air ambulance, attended but the man riding the motorbike was pronounced dead at the scene.
The road is currently closed and the police have asked for any witnesses to come forward.
Panaji: The High Court of Bombay at Goa while hearing a case stated that the petitioners cannot withdraw PILs once accepted by the court without seeking permission to leave.The Court also said that if the cause be genuine, we will continue that PIL with the petitioner or without him. The division bench of the High Court consisting of Justice G S Patel and Justice Nutan D Sardessai in a petition filed by social activist Kashinath Shetye and others said that “we are seriously, and more than somewhat, dismayed by the conduct of the first petitioner, Shetye, who appears in person. We do not appreciate their demeanour.”“When confronted with a question of the inappropriateness of their petition, its tone and its language, they are by turns peevish and downright disrespectful. They tell us they will withdraw all of their several hundred petitions. If this is supposed to be some sort of threat, or meant to intimidate, it is an epic failure; and if these are PILs, it says more about the bona fides of those PILs than they imagine.”
“He is also mistaken if they believe that they can withdraw a PIL without our leave. If the cause be genuine, we will continue that PIL with them or without him.”The High Court also said that “if the attempt is to convey that their filing petition after petition is some sort of favour to the court, the judicial system or society at large, then they are simply wrong. All before us are on exactly the same footing, none more, none less.”While dismissing a petition related to a restaurant, the Court said that “this is the last time we remind the first petitioner of their obligations to a Court as a litigant before us. There will not be another.”[NT]
QUEBEC — Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said Friday they are open to Quebec's desire to relaunch constitutional talks, despite being reticent to go along with the idea as recently as last June.
During a trip with their family to Quebec City, the Tory leader said Premier Philippe Couillard's plan was “very interesting.”
Scheer even went so far as to suggest they would try and include some of Quebec's demands in their party's 2019 election platform.
Couillard announced last May they hoped to create favourable conditions that could lead to the eventual reopening of constitutional negotiations, and to Quebec finally approving the 1982 Constitution.
The Quebec premier said at the time they wanted to reopen the constitutional debate, and will launch a vast coast-to-coast discussion in the hopes of having the province's distinct character officially recognized.
Scheer told reporters they read Couillard's proposal, and it's normal for a Quebec leader to be focused on the issue.
“I've had discussions with my colleagues (on the question),” said Scheer.
“We will find practical things we can do with it. Our electoral program in 2019 will talk about issues important to Quebec,” they said, without giving details.
Last spring, when The Canadian Press first reported on Couillard's plan, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said they were against the idea.
“You know my opinion on the Constitution,” Trudeau said at the time. “We're not reopening the Constitution.”
Couillard's constitutional plan restated the famous “five conditions” for approval first set out by former Quebec premier Robert Bourassa in 1986: recognition of Quebec as a distinct society; limits on federal spending power; guaranteed Quebec representation on the Supreme Court; a constitutional veto right; and increased control over immigration.
NEW YORK: An unexpected helping hand from creditors, landlords and vendors is allowing more US retailers to stay in business following bankruptcy with most of their stores and employees in the fold.
The new approach marks a turning point for the beleaguered sector, which has seen at least 19 brick-and-mortar retail chains shut down the bulk of their operations since 2014.
Until this year, most bankrupt retailers, including American Apparel, Sports Authority and The Limited, were dismantled during their bankruptcy process. Investors and companies acquired their intellectual property and other assets, but refused to take on their business as a going concern because they saw little value in assuming costly store leases. Instead, they often opted to revamp some of the battered brands online.
However, several creditors, landlords and vendors now see more value left in some retailers, and are seizing on an opportunity to minimize their own losses in the retail rout.
This could spell a slowdown in the decline in brick-and-mortar retail jobs, which fell by more than 100,000 this year, as more than 6,000 stores shuttered under increasing pressure from competition among traditional retailers as well as e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com.
“We're seeing a set of situations come together in which the constituencies have more interest in the retailer surviving than not,” said Holly Etlin, a managing director at AlixPartners, a consulting firm that worked on the bankruptcy of Gymboree.
Jeans company True Religion Apparel Inc. and perfume wholesaler and retailer Perfumania Holdings Inc. are set to emerge from bankruptcy with at least some of their stores in operation, according to interviews with bankruptcy attorneys and a Reuters review of financial information of more than 15 retailers shared with bankruptcy courts.
These chains will follow a path blazed by Payless ShoeSource, which in August emerged from bankruptcy while keeping more than 3,400 out of its 4,200 stores worldwide, and preserving 19,000 of its 22,000 employees.
Last month, teen clothing shop rue21 Inc. and children's apparel chain Gymboree Corp. came out of bankruptcy in similar fashion, preserving much of their store footprints and employee headcount.
Most of these retailers were owned by private equity firms, which saddled them with debt in a risky bid to juice returns. But in bankruptcy talks, the chains are arguing successfully that they can generate enough cash to withstand the sector's woes if their debt mountains are slashed and payment obligations eased.
Creditors, landlords and vendors are more receptive to this approach, because their own financial projections show that liquidations would result in a limited recovery of what they are owed, according to interviews with debt investors and bankruptcy court filings.
Had rue21 liquidated, for example, many loan holders would have seen almost the entire value of their investment wiped out by the end of its five-month bankruptcy process, according to bankruptcy court filings and people familiar with the matter.
This new reality offers grounds for optimism for Toys “R” Us, which last month became the largest retail bankruptcy in 13 years. The biggest US specialty toy retailer plans to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy with many of its about 1,600 stores, employing 64,000 people, remaining open.
Toys “R” Us plans to argue that its annual cash flow of roughly $800 million would make it viable if its $5.2 billion in debt is significantly reduced, according to court papers and people familiar with the matter.
If a retailer's brand is strong enough and its operations can be improved, creditors see greater value in forgiving some of their debt in exchange for equity stakes, rather than recouping pennies on the dollar in a liquidation.
Many landlords that rent out store space are also willing to provide relief rather than seeking another tenant amid a glut of unused mall space. Rue21's landlords granted rent reductions of about 20 percent on its remaining 758 stores, according to a person who asked not be identified because the terms of the lease deals are not public.
Supplier support is also critical. Vendors can offer longer payment terms, helping retailers free up working capital to operate. They are often promised full repayment on their claims in return.
Hong Kong-based Li & Fung, a supply chain manager that helps retailers work with apparel and accessories makers, gave Gymboree a 75-day repayment period in exchange for full payment on its claims in the bankruptcy, people familiar with the matter said.
Before Gymboree filed for bankruptcy, the retailer also extended Li & Fung a $20 million secured claim, helping keep merchandise flowing to its stores, the sources added. Li & Fung declined to comment.
Toys “R” Us has also fought to keep suppliers onboard, accelerating its plan to file for bankruptcy to be able to pay them. It has been making progress in winning back vendors who curbed shipments over payment fears.
NEW YORK: An unexpected helping hand from creditors, landlords and vendors is allowing more US retailers to stay in business following bankruptcy with most of their stores and employees in the fold.
The new approach marks a turning point for the beleaguered sector, which has seen at least 19 brick-and-mortar retail chains shut down the bulk of their operations since 2014.
Until this year, most bankrupt retailers, including American Apparel, Sports Authority and The Limited, were dismantled during their bankruptcy process. Investors and companies acquired their intellectual property and other assets, but refused to take on their business as a going concern because they saw little value in assuming costly store leases. Instead, they often opted to revamp some of the battered brands online.
However, several creditors, landlords and vendors now see more value left in some retailers, and are seizing on an opportunity to minimize their own losses in the retail rout.
This could spell a slowdown in the decline in brick-and-mortar retail jobs, which fell by more than 100,000 this year, as more than 6,000 stores shuttered under increasing pressure from competition among traditional retailers as well as e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com.
“We're seeing a set of situations come together in which the constituencies have more interest in the retailer surviving than not,” said Holly Etlin, a managing director at AlixPartners, a consulting firm that worked on the bankruptcy of Gymboree.
Jeans company True Religion Apparel Inc. and perfume wholesaler and retailer Perfumania Holdings Inc. are set to emerge from bankruptcy with at least some of their stores in operation, according to interviews with bankruptcy attorneys and a Reuters review of financial information of more than 15 retailers shared with bankruptcy courts.
These chains will follow a path blazed by Payless ShoeSource, which in August emerged from bankruptcy while keeping more than 3,400 out of its 4,200 stores worldwide, and preserving 19,000 of its 22,000 employees.
Last month, teen clothing shop rue21 Inc. and children's apparel chain Gymboree Corp. came out of bankruptcy in similar fashion, preserving much of their store footprints and employee headcount.
Most of these retailers were owned by private equity firms, which saddled them with debt in a risky bid to juice returns. But in bankruptcy talks, the chains are arguing successfully that they can generate enough cash to withstand the sector's woes if their debt mountains are slashed and payment obligations eased.
Creditors, landlords and vendors are more receptive to this approach, because their own financial projections show that liquidations would result in a limited recovery of what they are owed, according to interviews with debt investors and bankruptcy court filings.
Had rue21 liquidated, for example, many loan holders would have seen almost the entire value of their investment wiped out by the end of its five-month bankruptcy process, according to bankruptcy court filings and people familiar with the matter.
This new reality offers grounds for optimism for Toys “R” Us, which last month became the largest retail bankruptcy in 13 years. The biggest US specialty toy retailer plans to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy with many of its about 1,600 stores, employing 64,000 people, remaining open.
Toys “R” Us plans to argue that its annual cash flow of roughly $800 million would make it viable if its $5.2 billion in debt is significantly reduced, according to court papers and people familiar with the matter.
If a retailer's brand is strong enough and its operations can be improved, creditors see greater value in forgiving some of their debt in exchange for equity stakes, rather than recouping pennies on the dollar in a liquidation.
Many landlords that rent out store space are also willing to provide relief rather than seeking another tenant amid a glut of unused mall space. Rue21's landlords granted rent reductions of about 20 percent on its remaining 758 stores, according to a person who asked not be identified because the terms of the lease deals are not public.
Supplier support is also critical. Vendors can offer longer payment terms, helping retailers free up working capital to operate. They are often promised full repayment on their claims in return.
Hong Kong-based Li & Fung, a supply chain manager that helps retailers work with apparel and accessories makers, gave Gymboree a 75-day repayment period in exchange for full payment on its claims in the bankruptcy, people familiar with the matter said.
Before Gymboree filed for bankruptcy, the retailer also extended Li & Fung a $20 million secured claim, helping keep merchandise flowing to its stores, the sources added. Li & Fung declined to comment.
Toys “R” Us has also fought to keep suppliers onboard, accelerating its plan to file for bankruptcy to be able to pay them. It has been making progress in winning back vendors who curbed shipments over payment fears.
Disturbing Video: Teen girl says mom's boyfriend molested them & mom beats them up
Admitting to someone that you've been molested is hard for many, many people. Admitting to your mother that their boyfriend is the one who violated you is even worse. Worst yet is telling your mom that their boyfriend touched you without your permission, and having you physically assault you.
Adding insult to injury, (literally) is having people standing around you watching you get your butt kicked by your mother and laughing.
This is a horrible, horrible world we live in.
The man denies ever touching the girl, and asserts that it was their grandmother's boyfriend who molested them
Screenshots courtesy of KissyDenise:
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Two months ago, the mother of the girl posted a status on Facebook claiming that the girl ran away and that they want their “angel” to come home.
Well is it any wonder they don't want to live with that woman anymore? The video below shows more than enough of what goes on in that house.
If this mom isn't in jail for this, they certainly need to be. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to treat their child like this, especially after being told that they may have been molested. The fact that this was the mother's immediate reaction to being told that their daughter had been violated says a lot about how terrible they are as a person.
I just want to give this girl the biggest hug and show them the love that she's clearly not receiving at home. Children should feel loved and protected by their parents, but this young girl does not have that luxury.
If you were curious as to why it's so hard to victims of sexual crimes to come forward, you're looking at it. While the reactions may not be as physical or extreme, all victims are scared to death of being rejected. This “mother” only adds to that fear.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny sits in their office in Moscow, Russia. Navalny says that they have undergone eye surgery in Spain after being attacked last month. Navalny suffered a severe chemical burn in their right eye last month when an attacker doused them with green antiseptic.
AP
FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 10, 2017, file courtroom sketch, pop singer Taylor Swift speaks from the witness stand during a trial, in Denver. A jury on Monday, Aug. 14, was expected to weigh Swift's allegation that a former radio host groped them during a meet-and-greet before a concert and whether the singer's mother and their radio liaison later set out to destroy their career. Jeff Kandyba via AP, File)
1:36 Police comment on officer involved shooting in North Miami Beach Pause
2:10 Palm Beach residents react to President-elect Trump
1:08 A big day for Panthers' Vincent Trocheck
1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
Executive producer Ridley Scott thanks the BBC and US broadcaster FX for "supporting Taboo at every stage so it could be the dark, dirty brute of a drama that it is"
BBC1's grimy, gritty drama series Taboo starring Tom Hardy will be back for a second series, the BBC has confirmed.
Advertisement
The period drama written by Steven Knight, the creator of Peaky Blinders, will officially return with eight new episodes to BBC1 after star Hardy said that there was more story to tell.
An air date for Taboo series two has yet to be revealed, but writer Knight has previously been confident of a renewal, telling RadioTimes.com that they were expecting at least two more series.
“We think it has got a two and a three certainly, that's the plan,” Knight said. “After that who knows? This series is eight parts – it's a lot of time.”
The series will continue to be broadcast on BBC1 in the UK and FX in the United States. Following news of to recommission, star Tom Hardy said, “We are grateful and excited to continue our relationship with the BBC and FX in contributing towards British drama. Fantastic news.”
Steven Knight gave a hint of what was to come by saying that they would be taking James Delaney to the new world, following the series one finale which saw Hardy's character sail off into the sunset.
“James Delaney will continue to explore many realities as they take their band of misfits to a new world, thanks to FX and the BBC, partners who could not be more suited to collaborating in groundbreaking work,” Knight said.
Director Ridley Scott, who was an executive producer for Taboo, added, “We're thrilled people want to know what happens next and that the BBC and FX are up for more adventures with the devil Delaney and the league of the damned.
“Along with our international distributors, Sonar Entertainment, the BBC and FX have been great partners, supporting Taboo at every stage so it could be the dark, dirty brute of a drama that it is.”
The BBC confirmed the news in March 2017, explaining that the series had earned its recommission in part because of its success on BBC iPlayer, where it found a growing audience following its unusual Saturday night slot. Episode one earned the BBC its third highest iPlayer audience ever, just behind Sherlock and one-off drama Murdered By My Boyfriend.
“Launching in a new Saturday night slot on BBC1 provided us with an opportunity to take risks and showcase distinctive drama; and the growing talkability of Taboo has engaged younger audiences seeing record numbers coming to iPlayer, with the availability of the box set maximising audiences even further,” said director of BBC content Charlotte Moore. “A second series can't come soon enough.”
Advertisement
What could happen in Taboo series two?
The Montague County Sheriff's Office presented a crime prevention program in Bowie Thursday night. Retired lawman Kevin Benton discussed crime deterrence with an emphasis on ranch security. More than a dozen people attended. John Bradshaw, investigator with the Southwestern Cattleraisers Association also provided information on security. Additional programs will be scheduled across the county. (Photo by Barbara Green)
Call it the Amazon for the 1 percent.
A 3-year old e-commerce site that sells super-luxury goods — think $190,000 tricked-out Jeeps and $19,000 ostrich duffel bags — to the world's wealthiest consumers is booking sales increases of roughly 300 percent.
While the site, World's Best, is working off a small revenue base, it is still experiencing rapid growth while other retailers are doing back-flips to avoid bankruptcy.
The home, jewelry and lifestyle items offered by World's Best, from brands like Hermes and Chanel and others, typically run fro, $5,000 to $500,000.
But there is also a $1.7 million personal submarine.
“If something is being sold in Nordstrom, you won't find it on our site,” said co-founder Robert Steele, a former division president at PepsiCo.
“Our customers are not trying to get the lowest prices and they don't want to buy something that they see coming down the street,” Steele told The Post.
Steele launched World's Best in 2014 with a former JPMorgan private banking exec Kevin Chow with the hope of becoming the retail playground of the rich and richer.
The number of millionaire households is expected to double, to 50 million, by 2019, Steele and Chow said, citing a Credit Suisse report.
The average transaction on the site is $13,000, the execs said.
The owners, after raising cash last year, are looking to raise several million this year to invest in their technology and expand their offerings, the two said.
The customer base includes doctors, lawyers, investment bankers and other professionals with incomes approaching mid-six figures — all the way up to eight-figure earners with private jets and yachts, Steele said.
“Some of these customers own 10,000 to 20,000 acre ranches in Texas and Montana, and would want a jeep to ride off road on their properties,” Steele said, adding that the submarines are small enough to fit in a bay of their yachts.
To be clear, World's Best is not shipping some of these bigger items to customers or even directly selling them. The site gets a fee from dealerships.
But those hard to find Birkin bags? Those are shipped directly from World's Best suppliers to customers homes within one or two days.
One New York City client recently scooped up three Birkin bags for $100,000, Steele said.
THE first mid week fixtures of the new season have been confirmed with Tuesday night seeing the opening ties of Divisions outside the top tier.
The Premier Division opened on Sunday with champions Janesboro claiming an opening weekend 2-1 victory over Aisling/Annacotty.
Tuesday August 15th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
McGettigans Bar Div 2B
Caledonians V Nenagh B, J Rooney, Corbally B V Geraldines B, J McNamara , Ballylanders V Ballynanty B, B Curtin, Moyross B V Charleville B, M Bourke, Glenview V Hyde Rgs, M Kennedy
McGettigans Bar Div 2B
Newport B V Athlunkard Villa B, S Rooney, Aisling/Annacotty C V Holycross B, J Curran, Kennedy Park V Summerville B, M Kavanagh, Mungret Regional B V Star Rvs, R Broe, Murroe B V Pallasgreen, Martin Monahan
Nick Green Youth Div One
Regional Utd v Star Rvs, T Duggan, Kilfrush v Caledonians, Elton, B Higgins, Pike Rvs v Mungret, M Kiely, Fairview Rgs v Aisling, G Clancy
Nick Green Youth Div Two
Newport v Kilmallock, Corbally Utd v Aisling, J Curran, Charleville v Regional B, M Murphy, Shelbourne v Knockainey, M Bourke
Wednesday August 16th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
Galtee Fuels Div 1A
Fairview Rgs V Cappamore, M Kiely
STA Furniture Div 3A
Caherdavin B V Knockainey B, J Clancy, Aisling Annacotty D V Prospect Priory B, R McCann, Abbey Rvs V Bruff Utd, Mike Monahan, Herbertstown V Janesboro B, F O'Neill, Meanus V Parkville, P O'Brien
7 C U17 Div One
Aisling v Regional Utd, D Power, Mungret Reg v Nenagh, J McNamara
Balon Sport U17 Div 2
Star Rvs v Aisling B, B Curtin, Regional Utd v Charleville, M Bourke, Newport v Kilfrush, J McNamara
Balon Sport U17 Div 3
Ballynanty Rvs V Regional Utd, D Brosnan, Caherdavin v Shelbourne, J Mulligan, Mungret Reg B v Holycross, M Cuddihy
Thursday Aug 17th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30 unless stated)
PJ Matthews Premier League
Regional Utd V Moyross, J McNamara, Aisling/Annacotty V Carew Park, R McCann, Holycross V Kilmallock, R Broe, Pike Rvs V Janesboro, D Power, B Curtin, S Rooney, Fairview Rgs v Ballynanty Rvs, N Casey, Charleville V Nenagh AFC, 7.00, M Kiely
Galtee Fuels Div 1A
Aisling Annacotty B V Summerville, T Duggan, Geraldines V Castle Rovers, R Peiper, Mungret Regional V Murroe, G Clancy, Granville V Knockainey, B Higgins, Prospect Priory V Corbally, Martin Monahan
Galtee Fuels Div 1B
St Pat's V Caherdavin, M Kavanagh, Caherconlish V Kilfrush, M Bourke, Coonagh V Regional B, J Curran, Southend V Shelbourne, M Kennedy, Hill Celtic V Athlunkard Villa, S Rooney, Newport V Croom, D Broughton
Friday Aug 18th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
All Tan Sunbed Div 3B League
Shelbourne B V Weston Villa, M Cuddihy, Hyde B V Cappamore B, Ross Lynch, Wembley V Kilmallock B, J Mulligan,
Edan Hair Salon Div 4
Dromore V Coonagh C, G Collopy, Coonagh B V Murroe C, D Downing, Summerville C V Athlunkard Villa C, R McCormack, Kilfrush B V Aisling Annacotty E, Mike Monahan, Parkville B V Mungret Regional C, P O'Brien
Saturday Aug 19th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
McGettigans Bar Div 2A League
Geraldines B V Caledonians, J Rooney, Ballynanty B V Nenagh B, J Curran , Hyde Rgs V Ballylanders, S Rooney, Glenview V Moyross B, M Monahan
McGettigans Bar Div 2B League
Holycross B V Newport B, M Bourke, Summerville B V Athlunkard Villa B, B Higgins, Star Rvs V Aisling/Annacotty C, G Clancy, Pallasgreen V Kennedy Park, M Kennedy, Murroe B V Mungret Regional B, M Murphy
Nick Green Youth Div One
Caledonians v Regional, J McNamara, Mungret Reg v Star Rvs, R Broe, Aisling v Kilfrush, D Power, Fairview Rgs v Pike Rvs, R McCann
Nick Green Youth Div Two
Aisling v Newport, G Collopy, Regional Utd v Kilmallock, K McCormack, Knockainey v Corbally, D Broughton
Sunday Aug 20th
(All Games Kick Off 10.30)
PJ Matthews Premier League
Moyross V Aisling/Annacotty, M Kiely, Regional Utd V Holycross, D Power, Carew Park V Pike Rvs, B Higgins, Kilmallock V Fairview Rgs, R McCann, Ballynanty Rvs V Nenagh AFC, R Broe
Galtee Fuels Div 1A
(All Games Kick Off 10.30)
Cappamore V Summerville, G Clancy, Murroe V Geraldines, T Duggan, Knockainey V Fairview B, N Casey, Corbally V Mungret Regional, J McNamara, Prospect/ Priory V Granville, R Peiper
Galtee Fuels Div 1B
(All Games Kick Off 10.30)
Kilfrush V St Pat's, D Broughton, Regional B V Caherdavin, M Kennedy, Shelbourne V Caherconlish, J Rooney, Athlunkard Villa V Coonagh, M Bourke, Croom V Southend, M Monahan, Newport V Hill Celtic, S Rooney
7 C U17 Div One
(All Games Kick Off 2.00)
Nenagh v Aisling, J McNamara, Fairview Rgs v Regional Utd, R Broe,
Balon Sport U17 Div 2
(All Games Kick Off 2.00)
Corbally Utd v Regional, J Curran, Kilfrush v Star Rvs, M Kavanagh, Charleville v Newport, D Reidy
Balon Sport U17 Div 3
(All Games Kick Off 2.00)
Lisnagry v Caherdavin, J Clancy, Holycross v Ballynanty Rvs, D Brosnan, Shelbourne v Mungret Reg, A Whelan
Monday Aug 21st
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
STA Furniture Div 3A
Prospect Priory B V Caherdavin B, G Collopy, Bruff V Knockainey B, F O'Neill, Janesboro B V Aisling Annacotty D, S Rooney, Parkville V Abbey, M Bourke, Meanus V Herbertstown, P O'Brien
All Tan Sunbed Div 3B League
Newport C V Hyde B, J Clancy, Kilmallock B V Shelbourne B, D Brosnan, Cappamore B V Castle United, Mike Monahan, Northside V Wembley Rvs, A Whelan
Edan Hair Salon Div 4
Murroe C V Dromore, D Downing, Athlunkard Villa C V Coonagh C, K McCormack, Aisling Annacotty E V Coonagh B, J Mulligan, Mungret Regional C V Summerville C, M Cuddihy
Tuesday Aug 22nd
(All Games Kick Off 10.30)
McGettigans Bar Div 2A League
Ballynanty B v Caledonians, J Curran, Geraldines B V Charleville B, M Bourke, Nenagh B V Hyde Rgs, B Curtin, Corbally B V Glenview, J Rooney, Ballylanders V Moyross B, M Murphy
McGettigans Bar Div 2B League
Newport B V Summerville B, A Whelan, Holycross B V Star Rvs, B Higgins, Athlunkard Villa B V Pallasgreen, S Rooney, Aisling/Annacotty C V Murroe B, M Kennedy, Kennedy Park V Mungret Regional B, M Kiely
Edan Hair Salon Div 4
Parkville B V Kilfrush B, P O'Brien
Nick Green Youth Div One
Regional Utd v Mungret Reg, R Broe, Caledonians v Aisling, D Power, Star Rvs v Fairview Rgs, N Casey, Kilfrush v Pike Rvs, J McNamara
Nick Green Youth Div Two
Newport v Regional Utd, P O'Brien, Aisling v Knockainey, T Duggan, Kilmallock v Shelbourne, M Kavanagh
Thursday Aug 24th
(All Games Kick Off 6.30)
PJ Matthews Premier League
Holycross V Moyross, R Broe, Pike Rvs V Aisling/Annacotty, D Power, Fairview Rgs v Regional Utd, B Higgins, Charleville V Carew Park, J McNamara, Nenagh AFC V Kilmallock, 7pm Brickfield, N Casey, Ballynanty Rvs V Janesboro, M Kiely
Galtee Fuels Div 1A
Aisling/Annacotty B V Cappamore, Kilonan, M Murphy, Castle Rovers V Murroe, G Clancy, Summerville V Knockainey, T Duggan, Geraldines V Corbally, M Murphy, Prospect/ Priory v Fairview B, B Curtin, Mungret Regional V Granville, M Kavanagh,
Galtee Fuels Div 1B
St Pat's V Regional B, P O'Brien, Kilfrush V Shelbourne, D Broughton, Caherdavin V Athlunkard Villa, J Rooney, Caherconlish V Croom, S Rooney, Coonagh V Newport, J Curran, Southend V Hill Celtic, M Monahan
7 C U17 Div One
Aisling v Fairview Rgs, A Whelan, Regional Utd v Mungret Reg, J Mulligan
Balon Sport U17 Div 2
Aisling v Kilfrush, Annacotty 2, D Dowling, Newport v Corbally, Mike Monahan, Star Rvs v Charleville, K McCormack
Balon Sport U17 Div 3
Regional Utd v Holycross, Dooradoyle 2, D Brosnan, Mungret Reg v Lisnagry, Castlemungret, J Clancy, Ballynanty Rvs v Shelbourne, Bateman Park, G Clancy
The 2018 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open hosted by the Rory Foundation at Ballyliffin Golf Club, Co. Donegal, got off to a spectacular start today as stars of the celebrity and sporting world featured in the Pro Am competition which kicked off the tournament.
A total of 51 teams played the stunning links course on the Inishowen Peninsula and it was the team led by the 2017 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open winner, Jon Rahm and featuring Dermot Davitt, Damien Fox and Brian King that won the morning competition finishing on -30.
Rose Doyle had the nearest the pin for ladies while the longest drive for men was won by Mark Hamilton. Nearest the pin for men was won by former Munster rugby player, Keith Wood.
The evening Pro Am I winning team was led by professional Chris Paisley who played with Barry McGrath, Mark Murnane and Philip McEnroe. They brought in a score of -33. The longest drive for ladies was won by Avril Fulton while Gerard Sproule won the men's longest drive. Nearest the pin for men was won by Jonathan Styles.
Some of the most famous names in sport were on the course to play in the curtain-raiser event, including tournament host Rory McIlroy who was joined on their team by JP McManus, Dermot Desmond and former jockey, Sir AP McCoy.
JP McManus pictured playing alongside Dermot Desmond, former jockey, Sir AP McCoy and Rory McIlroy
Other well-known faces spotted on the course were former Taoiseach Enda Kenny, actor James Nesbitt, former Boyzone star, Keith Duffy, Brian McFadden formerly of Westlife and Strictly Come Dancing star Anton du Beke.
Sports stars who played included Keith Wood, Stephen Ferris, Paddy Wallace, Shay Given, Dennis Taylor, and GAA stars Kieran Donaghy and Michael Murphy.
Attention now turns to the main attraction of the week as the 2018 Dubai Duty Free Irish Open hosted by the Rory Foundation tees off early on Thursday morning with Rory McIlroy aiming to claim back the title they won in 2016 and Jon Rahm defending their 2017 win.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The US holds terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay without charging them
European judges have ruled that Lithuania and Romania violated the rights of two al-Qaeda terror suspects by helping the CIA to mistreat them.
The US captured Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri after the September 2001 attacks in the US and they are now at the Guantanamo Bay prison.
The CIA operated secret prisons, including in Lithuania and Romania.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) said both countries had assisted US ill-treatment of the two suspects.
The existence of the so-called CIA "black sites" for interrogation - under so-called "secret rendition" - was kept secret for many years after 9/11.
Abu Zubaydah, a stateless Palestinian born in Saudi Arabia, is thought to have been al-Qaeda's chief recruiter in the 1990s, and later became a key organiser, linking Osama Bin Laden to other al-Qaeda cells.
Saudi-born Abd al-Nashiri led al-Qaeda's operations in the Gulf region, according to US intelligence.
Middle schoolers at Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta found out they were going to see the "Black Panther" on Friday, they erupted into dancing to an instrumental from the "Black Panther" soundtrack in a now-viral video on Twitter. (Source: Twitter)
Students at an Atlanta area middle school erupted into dancing after finding out the whole school would be going to see one of the most anticipated Marvel films of 2018.
When middle schoolers at Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta found out they were going to see the "Black Panther" on Friday, they erupted into dancing to an instrumental from the "Black Panther" soundtrack in a now-viral video on Twitter.
School director Wade King said in a tweet that the students would use the day to hold cultural classes, historical lessons, and host African dancers, in addition to seeing the first Marvel film set in Africa in the fictional country of Wakanda.
The students just found out we are all going to see BLACK PANTHER! We will have a day of cultural classes, African dancers, historical lessons and then we will all go see the film! Turn up!!!! @ronclarkacademy @chadwickboseman #tlhanna pic.twitter.com/oUhWse5ghr — Wade King (@WadeKing7) February 2, 2018
King got the honor of telling the students Friday in their weekly school-wide meeting after they and fellow teacher Susan Barnes came up with the idea to marry the upcoming Marvel film with the curriculum.
Before the kids found out their big surprise Friday, a few eighth-grade students opened their 30-minute meeting with an African-inspired spoken-word performance.
Some of our Ya'heard poets from RCA setting the tone for our Black Panther integration! @ArauzingInk #ronclarkacademy #blackpanther pic.twitter.com/N1Obb588Jj — Wade King (@WadeKing7) February 2, 2018
Black Panther is one of the most anticipated Marvel films of the year, nearly selling out nationwide for the February 16 opening. Fandango reported that its first 24 hours of ticket presales for the film were the largest ever for a Marvel film, surpassing Captain America: Civil War in 2016. Two weeks ahead of its release, Fandango announced that the film outsold all previous superhero films at the same point in the sales cycle.
The film premiered in Los Angeles on January 29 with stars and attendees dressed in African garb, walking on the purple carpet. Many who plan on attending the opening day showings across the world plan on following suit.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Democracy imperiled
Editor: When any issue arises that portrays President Trump in even the slightest negative light they decry it as “fake news.”
However, according FactCheck.org, a nonpartisan group, Trump has made more than 3,000 false statements and lies since taking office. Trump's statements prove the adage “Repeat a lie often enough and it becomes the truth.”
The Founding Fathers intentionally put freedom of the press in the First Amendment to the Constitution. Now, Trump berates and mocks the press because they want to answer to no one. They praise despots and murderers like North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un and Russian President Vladimir Putin but embarrasses our closest allies like Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada. Does Trump want to be a dictator? The answer seems obvious.
The despicable separation of children from their parents at the border as part of a zero-tolerance immigration policy shows that Trump lacks empathy. Only a heartless human would separate children from their parents.
Trump steadfastly supported former Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who was accused of sexual misconduct. They denigrated an American simply because they were of Mexican heritage and bragged about grabbing women on the “Access Hollywood” tape, all of which proves their moral character is in the swamp. Trump's bogus claim that they are going to make America great again is a bad joke played on the American people. In fact, Trump has made America worse. The only thing Trump wants to make great is himself.
Since its founding, America has had a true moral compass. The world looked to the United States to stand for human rights and defend against tyranny. With Trump as president, we are viewed with derision across the world.
Trump has only one goal and that is to make themselves dictator and they are tearing at the fabric of our democracy.
DAVE DUDZINSKI
DUPONT
Helplessness aided
Editor: In their response to my letter (“Calamity in Gaza feeds terrorism,” June 13), Seth Gross invokes the spurious “human shields” talking point to justify the Israeli military's wounding of thousands and killing of scores of unarmed civilian demonstrators, including children, reporters and most shamefully, volunteer medical workers.
The same canard was trotted out during the last Gaza assault, Operation Protective Shield, when more than 2,0000 people, mostly civilians, were killed, including the incredible, shocking killing by an Israeli warship of four cousins ages 9 to 11 playing a game of soccer on the beach on a sunny afternoon.
The reward for a courageous NBC reporter of that human tragedy was to be pulled from Gaza before they were returned after complaints.
No evidence in reports of Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, or the U.N. Goldstone Report mentions Palestinians using human shields. These justifications, like the talking point that “Israel has to defend itself,” are part and parcel of the polished image Israel presents to world via its finely tuned propaganda culture. The real purpose of the siege and the serial assaults is to humiliate and intimidate the Palestinians into a state of learned helplessness and to send the message that resistance and any hope for sovereignty in a Palestinian state or equality in a democratic state is futile.
DOMINIC SAADI
SCRANTON
Alcohol vigilance
Editor: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently reported underage drinking among high school students has dropped to a new historic low, declining by 41 percent since the survey began in 1991.
Additionally, the percentage of teens who reported driving when they had been drinking or riding with a driver who had been drinking also continues to decline.
While these are very positive trends, parents must remain vigilant against underage drinking, especially during the summer. Research shows that most young people who drink obtain alcohol from their home or from adults. Be aware of your teen's activity both inside and outside of the home and make clear that you disapprove of underage drinking.
Importantly, strive to maintain an open dialogue with your son or daughter. While parents often think their teens do not listen to them, research also shows parents have the greatest influence over their decision regarding alcohol consumption.
SAM ZAKHARI
DISTILLED SPIRITS COUNCIL,
WASHINGTON, D.C.
Set base milk price
Editor: Members of the U.S. Senate may support a $20 floor price for 100 pounds of milk.
The price of milk for May's was $16.14, which illustrates that something must be done to improve dairy prices. Dairy farmers are very important. We must urge support for efforts to get a $20 floor price. The $20 price would create a higher blend price for all dairy farmers.
This price would vary — as it does today — depending on the level of the differential in the order in which milk is marketed.
When this battle is over, then we must proceed and obtain milk hearings for all dairy farmers.
ARDEN TEWKSBURY
MESHOPPEN,
WYOMING COUNTY
Bias comes through
Editor: The June 26 editorial, “Service, but without smile,” was correct in admitting that a Virginia restaurant owner was wrong in denying service to President Trump's press secretary Sarah Sanders.
Then it added that “the request to leave did not violate Sanders's rights because any business can ask any person to leave because of their conduct” What conduct, may I ask? Is it the fact that they have the temerity to work for Trump?
Your readers have the right to know. Your bias is evident, even when your editorial opinion is correct.
JOHN R. KALAFUT
SCRANTON
TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE PHOTO ILLUSTRATION
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for their seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
“We may have won but it was not easy at all,” Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. “New Zealand defended very well.”
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
Brock Lesnar has retired from mixed martial arts again.
UFC officials confirmed to FOX Sports on Tuesday that Lesnar has notified the promotion of their retirement from the sport following their last fight against Mark Hunt in Las Vegas in July.
The former UFC heavyweight champion has yet to go public with their retirement, but they have been pulled from the UFC's drug testing pool with the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA), according to MMAFighting.com.
USADA suspended Lesnar for one year after they tested positive for two banned substances before and after their fight with Hunt at UFC 200, and required them to remain in the drug-testing pool for the length of their suspension.
“Pursuant to the UFC Anti-Doping Policy, all UFC athletes serving a period of ineligibility for an anti-doping policy violation are required to remain in the USADA registered testing pool and make themselves available for testing in order to receive credit for time served under their or their sanction,” USADA officials said in a release announcing Lesnar's suspension in January.
“Furthermore, if an athlete retires during their or their period of ineligibility, the athlete's sanction will be tolled until such time the athlete notifies USADA of their or their return from retirement and once again makes them or themselves available for no-advance-notice, out-of-competition testing.”
Lesnar would need to serve the remaining time in their suspension if they decide to make a return to the UFC at some point in the future.
This is the second time Lesnar has retired from the UFC. After they called it quits in 2011, following a loss to Alistair OVereem, Lesnar resumed their WWE career.
Lesnar's surprise return to UFC for the fight in July, which they won by unanimous decision, was overturned by the Nevada State Athletic Commission once they were suspended and fined $250,000 for the failed drug tests.
If this really is the end of Lesnar's UFC career, they have retired with a 5-3 (1) record overall, including their previous stint as champion from 2008 until 2010.
Lesnar, 39, remains with WWE as one of the company's top superstars.  They are set to meet Bill Goldberg at WrestleMania 33 in April.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on Fox Sports.
Rabi'a Keeble has long believed that in the United States, women play important roles outside of the home, but when they thought about how they are treated in some mosques — seated in the back or in separate sections where even hearing the imam can be difficult — they felt it was unfair.
"Here, everybody is welcome," said Keeble told NBC News. "It's like, when Rosa Parks got tired of sitting in the back of the bus. Women are getting tired of sitting in the back of the mosque."
“ Religion asks us to fight segregation and bigotry, for this is not how we are going to go forward. This is how we be Muslims — or non-Muslims — together.”
That fatigue inspired them to start the Qal'bu Maryam Women's Mosque in Berkeley, California, which hosted its first call to prayer Friday, becoming the first women-led mosque in Northern California — and the second in the nation — according to Keeble. The mosque is for all Muslims, men and women, and for those curious to learn about the religion in a relaxed, supportive environment.
A place of worship, Keeble said, should be welcoming and feel like home.
Traditionally, women are not told to attend Islamic congregational prayer services on Fridays, called "Jumu'ah." Instead, they are told to stay home and pray, while the men attend worship at the local mosque.
"A lot of men are just not comfortable with women in the mosque," Keeble said.
Rab'ia Keeble
Oftentimes, women, who are seated in separate sections of mosques and use separate entrances, cannot see or hear the imam, they noted. The lack of engagement always irked them
"So then why even do it? What are you learning or even getting from being there?" Keeble said. "It's implied that the men don't expect you to actually learn anything, because you're women. Islam is not a monolith…at its root, it is a very ancient and beautiful religion."
While women are not blatantly being abused or attacked in mosques, Keeble believes that women can feel oppressed by judgment — especially from male religious leaders. The men often criticize small things, from a woman's clothes to their choice of hijab, making the woman feel shamed and not welcomed in mosque-culture, they said.
"We need to have spaces that are safe for women — especially immigrants — to engage, where they're not being oppressed or judged. It's time for us to have either our own mosque, or to have a different configuration than the ones that exist," Keeble said.
They named the new mosque "Qal'bu Maryam," which translates from Arabic to "the heart of Mary" — to honor the mother of Jesus Christ (whom Muslims know as Isa), as an "elevated, formidable" woman in the Quran.
"Despite terrifying and unknown circumstances, they gave them bold yes — what a heart Mary must have had," Keeble said. "God prepares their vessels, the people who are going to carry out a very important task for him, and they were one of those people."
With Mary as their inspiration, Keeble followed their own call, which they said began from when they first converted to Islam 14 years ago.
They set out to open up a different kind of mosque: one that intentionally includes, and is led by, women.
The catalyst for starting a women's mosque was Keeble's own frustration and experience with a religion that, they said, is "heavily patriarchal."
Earning their master's degree in religious leadership and social justice from the Graduate Theological Union's Starr King School of Ministry in 2012, Keeble has a heart for education.
In January, they approached friends and mentors to help build the idea of the mosque, where teachings and the call to prayer — led by women imams — would still follow the traditional Quran.
"I feel that, if we have women clergy and leaders, we are in a better position to teach about compassion and love. When we women step into our greatness, people will stand for us," Soraya Deen, a Muslim activist from Tarzana, California, and founder of the Muslim Women Speakers movement, told NBC News. They gave the mosque's first sermon.
Soraya Deen
In February, Keeble approached Rev. Dr. Gabriella Lettini, the dean of the faculty at Starr King School of Ministry. Lettini offered to host the mosque at the Berkeley campus.
Keeble said it was "serendipitous" to find a space in the expensive Bay Area.
"Our school trains and supports compassionate and courageous spiritual leaders, who are deeply grounded in justice-making and respect for diversity," Lettini said. "We have a long history of being a sanctuary for people at the margins of their religion traditions and communities, [which] benefit when women are free to offer their gifts and wisdom, and are recognized for their contributions and efforts."
With Jumu'ah held on Fridays, the Qal'bu Maryam women's mosque is planning to offer classes on Islam for people of all faiths in an effort to start an inclusive interfaith dialogue.
Keeble believes it is crucial to have a space where Muslims, Jews, Christians, and all can come together and be taught "not what I think your religion says, but how your understanding of the religion is."
"The thing that people often miss is that Islam is about social justice—this gets lost in the system of patriarchy, and we women have to put up with it," they said, citing growing hate crimes and the recent travel ban.
They believe it is also key for Muslims to have a dialogue about these issues.
"What we want to hear is how Islam can be better represented in the public, in the media, and in the hands of women, we can rewrite the script a little bit…we can reframe the way American Islam is seen in the world," they said.
It's like, when Rosa Parks got tired of sitting in the back of the bus. Women are getting tired of sitting in the back of the mosque.”
The mosque is also planning to offer resources to female mental and physical health providers, helping Muslim women break the stigma that they cannot seek fellow women professionals to address their needs.
All visitors of the mosque are also expected to have a certain standard of modesty, as stated in the Quran.
Unlike the Women's Mosque of America, the first women's-only mosque, which opened two years ago in Los Angeles, services at Qal'bu Maryam will allow both men and non-Muslims to join, with no barriers or preferential seating.
The Qal'bu Maryam supports a network of other inclusive mosques and Muslim organizations around the world, including the Musawah gender equality movement and the Women's Mosque of America. Spiritual advisors and teachers at the mosque include rabbis, theology students, and Islamic and Quranic scholars.
"The primary idea of this is that women need women, especially women of color. If we don't support one another, we have failed," Keeble said. "I've found though this process that there are some really tough, intelligent, powerful sisters…and I'm so glad to be able to get on the other side of that wall, and get to know them."
"Religion asks us to fight segregation and bigotry, for this is not how we are going to go forward," Keeble added. "This is how we be Muslims — or non-Muslims — together."
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
WASHINGTON — Russian government hackers stole highly sensitive U.S. spying tools after a contractor brought classified material home and put it on a computer that used Kaspersky anti-virus software, a former senior intelligence official briefed on the matter told NBC News.
The details were first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal.
The contractor, whose name has not been made public, worked for the National Security Agency, which specializes in hacking computers and eavesdropping on communications.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Behind Kaspersky Labs: A Front for Russian Intelligence or Software Company? 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Journal said the stolen material included secret details about how the NSA penetrates foreign computer networks, the computer code it uses for such spying and how it defends networks inside the U.S.
Related: U.S. to Stop Using Software From Russia-Linked Kaspersky Lab
The report also said it was unclear whether the contractor had lost their job or is facing prosecution.  They are not believed to have wittingly cooperated with a foreign government.
The man took their work home in violation of NSA rules, and Russian hackers were able to identify the material and access their machine because they were using Kaspersky software, the former official said.
The case explains why the U.S. government has cracked down on Kaspersky in recent months, banning its use by government agencies, they added.
A view of the Kaspersky Lab headquarters in Moscow on Feb. 1, 2017. Kaspersky Lab is a Russian cybersecurity and anti-virus provider founded in 1997 by Eugene Kaspersky. Vyacheslav Prokofyev / TASS via Getty Images file
Kaspersky is an anti-virus company owned by Eugene Kaspersky, who has long been accused by U.S. officials of having ties with Russian intelligence officials. But until recently, the company's products were widely for sale in the U.S. and used by some federal agencies.
The loss of secrets is "extremely damaging," the former official said, because it offers Russia great insights into how the NSA steals data. It will make the NSA's job harder.
"Not only is the work of the NSA and CIA increasingly visible, there is a certain aggression implied by this," they said. "It's a 'game-on' moment."
Kaspersky, they said, should be treated as a hostile actor.
Kaspersky said in a statement to NBC News that it could neither confirm nor deny the incident.
"Kaspersky Lab has not been provided any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the alleged incident," the statement said. "It is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continues to perpetuate accusations about the company. As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight."
Eugene Kaspersky, founder and chief executive officer of Kaspersky Lab, poses for a photograph at their office in Moscow on Dec. 9, 2014. Alexander Zemlianichenko Jr. / Bloomberg via Getty Images file
Another NSA contractor, Harold Martin, has been charged with taking home classified material without permission. They had pleaded not guilty, and they are not the person implicated in this case, the former official said.
A third contractor, Edward Snowden, famously removed reams of classified information NSA facilities and leaked it to the news media. But Snowden for the most part did not reveal spying tools, so the current case could in some ways prove more damaging.
Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., a member of the Armed Services Committee, said the NSA "needs to get its head out of the sand and solve its contractor problem. Russia is a clear adversary in cyberspace and we can't afford these self-inflicted injuries."
An NSA spokesperson declined to comment. An agency official who asked not to be named said the NSA is committed to improving its internal security.
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, a New Hampshire Democrat, called on the Trump administration to declassify information about what they called the dangers of Kaspersky software.
"This development should serve as a stark warning, not just to the federal government, but to states, local governments, and the American public, of the serious dangers of using Kaspersky software," Shaheen said. “The strong ties between Kaspersky Lab and the Kremlin are extremely alarming and have been well-documented for some time. It's astounding and deeply disturbing that the Russian government continues to have this tool at their disposal to harm the United States."
Image copyright Karen Newell Image caption Sledging down a snowy mountain is one experience Fred Howe has already ticked off
An eight-year-old boy who dreams of swimming with sharks has created a visual bucket list of things they want to see before they lose their sight.
Fred Howe has a rare eye disease called retinal folds meaning their impaired sight could soon deteriorate further.
They have already ticked off a few, including a sail on the Thames and meeting their favourite CBeebies stars.
Fred, from Haxby, York, is said to be "obsessed" with sharks and wants to get up close to them.
They also aim to travel to Disneyland Paris on the Eurostar to "give Mickey a high five" and meet a Bavarian mountain owl "almost as big as me".
Other experiences on Fred's list include:
Swim in a really warm sea with a coral reef
Sleep in a massive knights tent with a bed at Warwick Castle
Ride a bicycle made for two so my mum can do all the pedalling
Build a secret garden den
Be a zookeeper for the day
Image copyright Karen Newell Image caption Another of Fred's aims was to feed penguins at the Deep aquarium in Hull
Their mother Karen Newell called Fred, who is nicknamed 'Fantastic Mr Fred' by their family, an "amazing, fearless boy" who "just gets on with life".
"One eye they don't really see much out of at all, just light and dark, the other eye they can probably see a couple of metres ahead of him," they said.
"It's stable at the moment and we're hoping for as many years of sight as we can but it's not a nice thing to have a progressive disease so we're trying to do as much as we can, while we can."
On the list, Fred writes that their mother would prefer them to swim with dolphins instead of sharks "as they're kinder and don't bite your bum".
You may also like:
Their mother said the family want to "build up their visual memory so if their sight does deteriorate sooner rather than later then they can recall those experiences and build on them".
"In a zoo the animals are usually far away and you just can't see them, so feeding experiences have been wonderful," they added.
"We're not saying it's all doom and gloom if Fred's sight goes, it's just a case of trying to build up the list so they understand more about the world."
This feature is available today in all AWS Regions where AppStream 2.0 is offered. AppStream 2.0 offers pay-as-you-go pricing. For more information, see Amazon AppStream 2.0 Pricing. Also, try our sample applications.
Read the entire article here, You Can Now Automate Amazon AppStream 2.0 Agent Updates on your Streaming Instances
The success came just over a year after JAXA's original experiment with an SS-520 rocket ended in failure. Crews decided against igniting the second stage when the vehicle lost all telemetry data a mere 20 seconds after takeoff. An investigation later determined that the likely cause was a poorly protected electrical connection, and the agency decided to try again this year with a fix in place.
There are no known plans to launch similar SS-520 missions in the near future, so this probably won't become a regular occurrence for a while. It does take Japan one step closer to regular mini satellite launches, however. And Japan isn't alone -- companies like Rocket Lab are making progress on their own small rockets powerful enough for orbital delivery. Large rockets aren't going away any time soon, but they might not be nearly as vital as they used to be.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A slimmer who transformed their life by losing over two stone is using their success to help others achieve their weight loss dreams.
Helen Mouncer joined their local Slimming World group in Frodsham eight months ago after initially being an online member, and their weight went from 12st 4lbs to 10st.
Helen said: “I began to struggle with my weight after hurting my back in 2010 and later undergoing spinal surgery.
“Like a lot of slimmers I had tried to lose weight many times before and thought I was destined to struggle forever.
“But when I joined Slimming World it was different – I never felt like I was on a diet!
“In fact, I told people who asked me about it that Slimming World wasn't a diet but a lifestyle change.
“The food plan encourages people to eat a variety of tasty, filling foods like lean meat, fish, fruit and vegetables, pasta, rice and potatoes.
“I was never hungry and no foods are banned on the plan so there was no deprivation. I couldn't believe I'd found a way to lose weight without starving myself.
Now Helen is set to run their own Slimming World group in Frodsham, where they are committed to creating a warm and supportive atmosphere where people can share their weight loss journey and have fun into the bargain.
Helen said: “And Slimming World isn't just about changing what you eat, becoming more active is important too.
“Our Body Magic programme takes the fear out of exercise by showing people that all activity counts, from walking to gardening to washing the car. I love going for family walks, swimming and going to the gym for my Body Magic!
“I can't wait to get started with my group and as someone who has lost weight I know only too well the challenges people can face.
“I'll be there to support members all the way to their dream weight.
“I also love the flexibility that comes with being a consultant and I'll be fitting it around my work as a paediatric nurse.”
Helen's Slimming World group will be held at St Luke's Church Hall, High Street, Frodsham, every Thursday at 5pm and 7pm from April 20.
RIYADH: A joint conference between the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the UK will convene in London on Wednesday to explore partnership between the public and private sectors.
Ahmed Al-Kaabi, a spokesperson at the GCC General Secretariat here, said Monday the conference comes as implementation of an agreement concluded at the first summit between the GCC countries and the UK held in Bahrain last December.
Notably, speaking at the maiden summit in Bahrain, British Prime Minister Theresa May suggested joint discussions to improve trade ties with Gulf countries as Britain prepares to leave the EU after a referendum vote last June to quit the bloc and seek stronger global ties.
Abdulaziz Hamad Aluwaisheq, GCC assistant secretary general for political affairs and negotiations, said the conference would focus on the implementation of the joint work action between the two friendly sides.
The joint work action includes the increase in investments between the UK and the GCC, encouragement of investment partnerships and enhancement of relations between business people and representatives of the private sector from both sides.
Aluwaisheq said the conference would also explore the national transformation programs and economic diversification plans adopted by the GCC countries. Conference participants also will examine laws and legislation approved by the GCC countries to increase foreign investments in infrastructure, health, telecom, energy and IT in the framework of their attempt to diversify their economies.
The GCC official also said the conference will be joined by representatives from the GCC ministries of foreign affairs, finance, economy, planning, commerce, industry, telecom, IT, health, education and investments.
RIYADH: A joint conference between the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the UK will convene in London on Wednesday to explore partnership between the public and private sectors.
Ahmed Al-Kaabi, a spokesperson at the GCC General Secretariat here, said Monday the conference comes as implementation of an agreement concluded at the first summit between the GCC countries and the UK held in Bahrain last December.
Notably, speaking at the maiden summit in Bahrain, British Prime Minister Theresa May suggested joint discussions to improve trade ties with Gulf countries as Britain prepares to leave the EU after a referendum vote last June to quit the bloc and seek stronger global ties.
Abdulaziz Hamad Aluwaisheq, GCC assistant secretary general for political affairs and negotiations, said the conference would focus on the implementation of the joint work action between the two friendly sides.
The joint work action includes the increase in investments between the UK and the GCC, encouragement of investment partnerships and enhancement of relations between business people and representatives of the private sector from both sides.
Aluwaisheq said the conference would also explore the national transformation programs and economic diversification plans adopted by the GCC countries. Conference participants also will examine laws and legislation approved by the GCC countries to increase foreign investments in infrastructure, health, telecom, energy and IT in the framework of their attempt to diversify their economies.
The GCC official also said the conference will be joined by representatives from the GCC ministries of foreign affairs, finance, economy, planning, commerce, industry, telecom, IT, health, education and investments.
Image copyright PA, Reuters
The Duchess of Sussex, singer Dua Lipa and Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson have been named among Britain's most influential and aspirational women.
Vogue magazine says Meghan is among "an extraordinary cast of leaders defining and redefining the way we live now".
The inaugural Vogue 25 list also includes human rights lawyer Amal Clooney and Manchester United's chief operating officer Collette Roche.
Supreme Court president Baroness Hale, 73, is the oldest woman selected.
The youngest is Lipa, 22, who won two Brit Awards this year and is described by Vogue as a "culture definer".
The fashion magazine says their hit song New Rule is an "anthem of female empowerment".
Vogue says the Duchess of Sussex, who married Prince Harry on 19 May, "captured the public imagination like no other this year" and has become one of the most recognisable women in the world.
It adds that their influence "stretches far beyond the ceaseless coverage of their style - as a bi-racial campaigning feminist from America, they are helping to forge a new 21st Century identity for the monarchy".
Image copyright PA, Getty Images Image caption The list also includes (clockwise from top left): Amal Clooney, JK Rowling, Barnoness Hale and Letitia Wright
Ms Davidson, who became leader of the Scottish Conservatives in 2011, is described by Vogue as a "beacon, thanks to their relatable personality and progressive ideas" among a "sea of old-guard Tories".
The only politician on the list - which is not ranked in any order - the publication also cites Ms Davidson's "spectacular gains" for their party in the last Scottish elections as a reason for the inclusion.
Who are the other people in the Vogue 25?
Adwoa Aboah - Model
Hannah Anderson - Co-founder of Social Chain
Maria Balshaw - Director of Tate art museums
Karen Blackett - Advertising director
Sinead Burke - Writer and academic
Carole Cadwalladr, Amelia Gentleman, Katharine Viner - Guardian journalists
Edie Campbell - Model
Orla Doherty - TV producer and environmentalist
Vicky Featherstone - Artistic Director of the Royal Court theatre
Priyanka Joshi - Biochemist
Natalie Kingham - Buying director at Matches Fashion
Grace Ladoja - Music executive
Carolyn McCall - ITV chief executive
Stella McCartney - Fashion designer
Sue Y Nabi - Beauty innovator
Yana Peel - chief executive of the Serpentine Galleries
Antonia Romeo - Permanent secretary at the Department for International Trade
JK Rowling - Author
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt said jet lag and humidity has made preparations for the opening Test against Japan challenging after making six changes to the team that defeated USA last weekend.
Five of the changes are at the back where centre winger Andrew Conway, Rory Scannell and scrum-half Luke McGrath will make their first starts for Ireland. Paddy Jackson comes into the side at out-half with Simon Zebo starting at full-back (kick-off 6am, live blog on rte.ie).
There is one change up front where Dan Leavy takes over at openside from Josh van der Flier, who is not included in the 23.
There would be two more debutants on Saturday with Ulster's Kieran Treadwell and Leinster's Rory O'Loughlin are in line to May their bow, a week after Rory Scannell, James Ryan, Andrew Porter, Dave Heffernan and Jacob Stockdale.
Debuts for Treadwell and O'Loughlin would leave Ulster-bound scrum-half John Cooney as the only uncapped player in the squad for the second and final test against Japan next week.
Prop Finlay Bealham and hooker James Tracy could see their first action on this tour from the bench.
Schmidt said that players have had to make a big effort to be ready to hit the ground running.
"Trying to acclimatise has been very difficult. We did have the advantage of playing in very hot temperatures in New Jersey last weekend but by the time we left the hotel on Sunday morning and by the time we arrived here it was Monday night.
"You are very jumbled from the different time zones and so that has taken a toll but it certainly won't be considered than anything other than an imposition in the early part of the week and by the end of the week we have to make sure we are ready to go.
"Preparations have been brief, pretty brief. The workrate in training today was really good because I think the players are very conscious that it is the only training we will get this week, so they wanted to make sure that they got as much clarity and got a bit of rhythm as best they could.
"It wasn't perfect, and it seldom is, but I think we will get a few learnings from it and hopefully we will be a little more cohesive by the time we kick off on Saturday," they said.
The squad depart this (THURS) afternoon by bullet train 200 kilometres southeast to Hamamatsu for Saturday's clash at World Cup venue, the Ecopa Stadium.
Meanwhile, Japan head coach Jamie Joseph has named their 23-man squad to take on Ireland.
Veteran Waikato Chiefs flanker Michael Leitch captains the side in a powerful back row containing Melbourne Rebels number eight Amanaki Mafi and promising Sunwolves openside Yoshitaka Tokunaga.
The Brave Blossoms will be without Harumichi Tatekawa, Akihito Yamada, Yu Chinen and 98-cap veteran Hitoshi Ono, who all withdrew from the squad due to injury.
Centre William Tupou will win their first cap in midfield alongside Timothy Lafaele in midfield while fly-half Yu Tamura will link up with Sunwolves star Fumiaki Tanaka at half-back.
Ireland: S Zebo; A Conway, G Ringrose, R Scannell, K Earls; P Jackson, L McGrath; C Healy, N Scannell, J Ryan; Q Roux, D Toner; R Ruddock, D Leavy, J Conan.
Replacements: J Tracy, D Kilcoyne, F Bealham, K Treadwell, J O'Donoghue, K Marmion, R O'Loughlin, T O'Halloran.
With Kristaps Porzingis developing Achilles soreness last week, one NBA scout with European connections believes Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek is overextending the 21-year-old Latvian, saying, “It's worrisome.''
Unsure how the injury occurred, the 7-foot-3 Porzingis missed their first game of the season Saturday in Houston because of pain in their right Achilles.
Porzingis, who started feeling pain on Christmas Day when they suited up with a bruised knee, is averaging 34.8 minutes per game (1,112 total) in their second season. As a rookie, the playing time for the lean Latvian hovered at 28 minutes.
“He's just turned 21,'' said the NBA scout who has worked for multiple teams. “They're draining Kristaps, putting more minutes on them than anyone. Physically they grew in the offseason. It's a tremendous amount of strain on new material — ligaments, tendons, knees joints for a big guy. It's unbelievable stress on their body.''
For their part, Hornacek said after Saturday's loss they planned to expand the rotation in 2017 and scale down minutes of some starters so they can get maximum effort at all times.
Porzingis' shot-making took a dip in December, shooting just 40.1 percent for the month. He's still averaging 20.1 points and 7.8 rebounds and could land in their first All-Star Game — if they stay healthy.
But the scout alleges Hornacek, on a three-year contract, views Porzingis in a shortsighted way instead of long-term.
“At this stage, they're asking for it,'' the scout said. “They're shooting themselves in the foot. The problem is Jeff has to win and has to go with everything he's got to win.''
The scout said they agreed with a recent comment by Carmelo Anthony that lofty expectations are being placed on Porzingis too fast, likely due to their unique skill set for their size. Though the years, the scout hasn't seen enough examples of “franchise players'' out of Europe.
“There's not too many cases when an international player becomes your franchise guy,'' the scout said. “The best example is Pau Gasol. Dallas is the only one who came closest with Dirk Nowitzki. Marc Gasol is a rare exception but Pau was a complement to Kobe Bryant. International players are more athletically and mentally geared to be more complementary to the American-produced star.
“Porzingis is a tremendous talent, with a lot of potential, but it's still potential.”
“The expectations are exaggerated and the physical demands on someone who is still growing is too. He's very young, an excellent team player and has learned the mentality of a team game. With that mentality, it's too early to assume they're going to be the franchise.''
Knicks president Phil Jackson has declined to talk to the media covering the club since Sept. 22, so publicly stated team objectives have grown cloudy. “There isn't a lot of clarity,'' the scout said. “I was thinking NYK stands for Not Yet Knowing.''
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
The Latest: UPS driver says they saw co-worker get shot
The Latest: UPS driver says they saw co-worker get shot
By PAUL ELIASAssociated Press
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A UPS employee opened fire at one of the company's package delivery facilities in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers and then themselves as officers closed in and workers ran frantically into the streets, police and company officials said.
Two other United Parcel Service employees were wounded in the shooting that prompted a massive police response in an industrial neighborhood, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
Officials, UPS employees and neighbors described chaos and panic as shots rang out during a morning meeting before drivers were sent on their delivery routes.
"They were all in rapid succession," Raymond Deng, a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse, said of the gunshots. "It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat."
Police arrived in minutes. Officers found wounded victims and pulled them to safety and then confronted the gunman, who was armed with an "assault pistol," Chaplin said.
"The suspect put the gun to their head and discharged the weapon," Chaplin said, adding that police have not determined a motive.
Mayor Ed Lee said authorities saved lives with a "very proactive response."
"It could have been worse," they said, "lives were saved today."
It was not immediately clear how many employees were at the facility, but UPS said the warehouse employs 350 people. The shooter and all the victims were employees, UPS said in a statement.
UPS driver Marvin Calderon told KNTV that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but they did not know them personally.
"I just started running out like crazy, like I've never run before," Calderon told the TV station.
After the gunfire, auto shop owner Robert Kim said they saw "a mob of UPS drivers" running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Deng watched from their window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building shouting. They said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
"I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings," they said. "It's crazy."
The shooting came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
Associated Press Writers Janie Har, Sudhin Thanawala and Jocelyn Gecker in San Francisco and Mike Balsamo contributed reporting from Los Angeles.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Kim and Mr Moon will soon come face-to-face at the inter-Korean summit, the first in a decade
North and South Korea are preparing for their first summit in just over a decade. After years of frosty relations and belligerent rhetoric, this is being hailed as a rare and hopeful moment by South Korean politicians.
As a peace treaty was never signed after the end of the Korean War in 1953, the neighbours do not have formal relations. The "Sunshine Policy" of re-engagement with the North from the late 1990s earned one leader a Nobel Peace prize, but broke down within a decade as Pyongyang pursued its illegal nuclear ambitions.
But over the years both North and South have also engaged in what some might see as miniscule acts of "petty" warfare designed to wind the other up but not cause lasting damage, almost reminiscent of some techniques used by the Soviet Union and the US during the Cold War.
"These kinds of displays provide an important competitive outlet between the two sides outside of possible military conflict," analyst Ankit Panda told the BBC.
"For both sides, I think what seems petty to us on the outside has important symbolic value and even operational effectiveness. The two countries are dramatically different in their ideologies and see value in exerting the primacy of their system of government."
These are some of the small-time point-scoring both sides have attempted over the years:
Loudspeakers
Both countries have been fighting an aural battle for years.
Before August 2015, the loudspeakers had been turned off for a couple of years, under a deal negotiated between both countries. But in 2015, after two South Korean soldiers were severely injured by North Korean-planted mines in the demilitarised zone (DMZ), the South turned its speakers back on.
It was halted again in 2015 and re-started in 2016 in response to the North's claim that it tested a hydrogen bomb.
But what exactly does South Korea broadcast from its speakers?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption South and North Korea have turned these loudspeakers on and off at different points in their tumultuous relationship
You can expect to hear anything from weather reports, dramas, news from both Koreas that otherwise would not be heard over the border and even K-pop songs.
The loudspeakers are typically aimed at border guards, though they can also reach citizens that live near the DMZ border.
"The loudspeakers are left on all night and day and it hurts morale for some North Korea soldiers because some of them can't go to sleep, some are exhausted from hearing it all day," said Dr Kim. "So what North Korea is concerned about is the psychological impact of these broadcasts."
North Korea's broadcasts carry its characteristically strident condemnations of Seoul and its allies, but are said to be harder to hear - possibly the result of poor speakers.
But South Korea has now turned off its loudspeakers, just days after North Korea announced that it was stopping all its nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles. The North appears to have stopped broadcasting propaganda too, residents on the southern side of the demarcation line say.
The South has not said whether it plans to restart the broadcasts once the summits are over.
Flagpole sizes
During the 1980s, the South Korean government built a 321.5-foot (97m) tall flagpole in its border village of Daesong-dong.
North Korea responded by building a 525-foot tall flagpole in its border town of Gijung-dong.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The North Korea flag in Gijung-dong can be seen here from the truce village of Panmunjom
"This is a good sign of one of them trying to one-up the other," Dr James Kim of the Asan Institute for Policy Studies told the BBC.
"That being said, it might have been very important to the North to build a bigger flagpole but South Korea might not even have really cared."
Balloon propaganda
Both the North and South have had a long history of launching propaganda balloons at each other.
In South Korea, defectors, conservatives and religious groups regularly launch these balloons, which can contain anything from leaflets to chocolate biscuits.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Both North and South send their own forms of propaganda through these balloons that can travel for miles
The balloons can go on to reach thousands of miles, and have been proven to be "very effective", according to Alex Gladstein, Chief Strategy Officer at Human Rights Foundation (HRF) who runs Flash Drives for Freedom, an initiative which sends flash drives in to North Korea.
HRF's flash drives contain anything from a selection of films, TV shows, documentaries and everyday footage of life in South Korea.
But the North themselves have also sent their fair share of balloons over to the South.
In 2016, hundreds of leaflets praising North Korea were found in Seoul, sent ahead of North Korea's 7th congress of its Workers Party, which was the first of its kind in 36 years.
Speculation arose then that Pyongyang may have sent the leaflets as part of its anti-South Korea psychological warfare.
But though the leaflets are unlikely to leave a great impact on South Korea, it could be more than just a matter of "pettiness" to North Korea.
"I've been in downtown Seoul and seen the propaganda leaflets a few times. It's interesting and novel for [South Koreans] but it isn't construed as something that is threatening to their daily livelihood," Dr Kim told the BBC.
"But for the North Koreans these pamphlets are very important. Ideology is very important to them, it's what keeps their regime together... so they might think that this is even more threatening to them than a small-scale military response."
Secret agents
In 2016, North Korea restarted its coded "numbers" broadcasting after a break of 16 years - a move which has angered South Korea.
Numbers broadcasts, as the name implies, usually comprise a series of numbers read out on air which will only make sense to someone with the decryption key, usually secret agents in a foreign country.
These apparent codes were observed in a late-night 12-minute section on Pyongyang Radio Station, a propaganda station aimed at South Korea.
Why the sudden resumption after 16 years?
The numbers broadcast comes almost immediately after the US and South Korea announced the deployment of a THAAD defensive missile battery in South Korea.
It's not clear if the move is a direct act of retaliation, but it's definitely got under the skin of South Korea, who urged the North to "desist from such practices."
The North and South's current relationship is arguably the closest the two neighbours have got in recent years.
But if the thaw does not turn into a permanent detente, more imaginative point-scoring is little short of certain.
Reporting by the BBC's Yvette Tan.
This is a Super Blow to the Eagles' hopes of winning their first Super Bowl trophy.
Carson Wentz was injured in the third quarter of the Eagles' 43-35 victory over the Rams in Los Angeles on Sunday. They will have an MRI exam on Monday. The Eagles did not confirm initial reports by ESPN's Adam Schefter and the Associated Press saying team sources feared the MVP favorite tore the anterior cruciate ligament in their left knee.
Wentz wrote on Twitter late Sunday night: “NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers, I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in on them and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6”
Wentz dove head-first into the end zone for an apparent touchdown — which was reversed on replay — late in the third quarter. They were hit in the leg by the Rams' Mark Barron as Morgan Fox tried to grab them around the shoulders. Wentz remained in the game and threw a touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery to give the Eagles a 31-28 lead.
The Rams went back ahead 31-28 on Todd Gurley's second touchdown run, but that left Philadelphia the opening to win with two Jake Elliott field goals on drives directed by backup quarterback Nick Foles, with a last-play defensive touchdown on a Stanford band attempt for good measure.
Philadelphia is 11-2, back alone atop the NFC heap, and clinched the NFC East. Wentz set a team record with 33 touchdown passes, and now Eagle Nation is praying their four touchdown passes yesterday were not their last of the season. Oddsmaker BookMaker.eu quickly bumped the Eagles' odds to win the NFC from 2-1 to 4-1 and to win the Super Bowl from 5-1 to 10-1.
Foles, a former Eagles starting quarterback who returned as Wentz's caddie this year, was asked if he's ready to try to get the Eagles the rest of the way to the once-promised land if needed.
“I'm absolutely ready,” they said. “That's why I'm here.”
Ruthless-berger
Ben Roethlisberger entered the record book as the first quarterback to throw for 500 or more yards in a game three times. Their 506-yard, two-touchdown masterpiece led the Steelers to a comeback 39-38 win over the Ravens at Heinz Field to clinch the AFC North title.
Ironically, it appeared Big Ben would be on the other side of history, as the Steelers were on the verge of losing at home for the first time in their history in a game in which they led by at least 14 points. Instead, they are 216-0-2 now in that stat after Roethlisberger hit Antonio Brown for a 34-yard bomb to set up Chris Boswell's go-ahead, 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds to go. Brown had 11 catches for 213 yards.
Steelers coach Mike Tomlin mismanaged the clock, leaving the Ravens time for a potential final kick. But then Joe Flacco let the final seconds run off after a sack by T.J. Watt when they fumbled out of bounds, unaware the clock would re-start.
Beer nuts
The Seahawks blew some gaskets late in their 30-24 loss in Jacksonville as ex-Jet Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson were ejected, Michael Bennett cheap-shotted a Jaguar player, and Pete Carroll got a Sean Payton-like unsportsmanlike conduct penalty. Jefferson attempted to climb into the stands after a fan threw a drink at him.
“He just kind of lost it,” Carroll said. “Somebody poured a beer over their head walking out of the stadium. I told him, ‘That's pro football. They paid to get in, they can do whatever they want, I guess.' ”
The Rams (9-4) remain a game ahead of the Seahawks (8-5) in the NFC West after Seattle's 30-24 loss in Jacksonville. The teams meet next week in Seattle, and the Rams have to win to stay on top because a loss would mean the Seahawks would own the head-to-head tiebreaker.
Blizzard of aahhhs!
It was a surreal day in western New York when a football game coincided with a lake-effect snowstorm to create an unforgettable 13-7 Bills overtime victory over the Colts.
An estimated six inches of snow was dumped onto the turf at New Era Field in the span between a half hour before kickoff and halftime. It was a game that allowed for almost zero visibility in the first half, in which punts plugged into the snow and tackled runners almost disappeared into it. The Colts in their all-white uniforms and helmets barely could be detected, except for shadowy outlines.
The Bills got through the first half with a 7-0 lead as Nathan Peterman somehow hit Kelvin Benjamin for an 8-yard touchdown with 27 seconds to go. But Peterman would leave the game in the concussion protocol, giving way to third-stringer Joe Webb.
The Colts made it 7-6 on a Jacoby Brissett to Jack Doyle with 1:17 to go, and Chuck Pagano decided to go for two and the lead. They got it on a pass to Doyle, but the play was wiped out on an offensive interference flag. Pagano then decided to have Vinatieri try a 43-yard extra point, which they made after all 11 Colts furiously cleared off the spot with their feet three different times. Vinatieri's kick was wide right the whole way before it miraculously curved good. They would later miss a field goal of the same length, after Pagano let the clock wind down rather than try to get closer. The Bills won it in overtime on LeSean McCoy's 21-yard run.
Bills players crammed into the corner by the stands and celebrated with their fans who were throwing snow everywhere. At 7-6, they remain in the AFC Wild Card hunt in a bid for their first playoff berth since the 1999 season.
Vinatieri called it “probably the worst conditions I've played in, maybe ever.” But the winners enjoyed it.
“It was actually fun, I'm not going to lie,” said Florida-born Bills wide receiver Deonte Thompson. “This is a game you dreamed about playing as a kid.”
Play of the Day
The Seahawks had just scored 10 points in 59 seconds to tie the Jaguars at 10 in the third quarter. On Jacksonville's next play, Blake Bortles hit Keelan Cole in stride on a deep out and Cole outraced the Seattle secondary for a 75-yard touchdown. They kept running up the tunnel, a la Bo Jackson, and when they returned got a piggy-back ride from Leonard Fournette. With the Titans' loss in Arizona, the Jaguars are alone in first place in the AFC South at 9-4.
Bad Beat
You've got Cleveland plus-three at home vs. Green Bay, and the winless Browns have a 21-7 lead early in the fourth quarter. But then Jamaal Williams scores on a 1-yard run to make It 21-14, and then the Packers tie it on a 1-yard pass from Brett Hundley to Devante Adams with 17 seconds to go. In overtime, turnover machine DeShone Kizer is hit by Clay Matthews and their chuck-and-duck is picked off by Josh Jones. Six plays later, Hundley hits Adams again from 25 yards and Green Bay gets the win and the cover, 27-21. The Packers, who won in OT for the second week in a row, have battled back to 7-6 with Aaron Rodgers eligible to return next week at Carolina.
Post Patterns
The Vikings fell to 10-3 with a 31-24 loss to the Panthers but still lead the Lions and Packers (both 7-6) handily in the Central. Carolina, fueled by Cam Newton's late 61-yard run that set up Jonathan Stewart's third TD of the game, are tied for first in the South at 9-4 with the Saints, with New Orleans holding the tiebreaker … This should be it for Marvin Lewis in Cincinnati. Their Bengals followed up a lose-from-ahead body-bag game versus the Steelers on Monday night with an embarrassing 33-7 home loss to the lowly Bears that all but finished their playoff hopes. Lewis, whose contract is coming to an end, never has won a playoff game in 15 seasons (0-7). … Remember when the Chargers and Giants were playing in the 0-4 Toilet Bowl? With Sunday's 30-13 home rout of the Redskins, Los Angeles has won four in a row and seven of the last nine to keep pace with the Chiefs at 7-6 atop the AFC West. KC leads the division on a tie-breaker and the Chargers are not in wild-card position, so there's still more for them to do.
Three Stars
1. Ben Roethlisberger, Steelers QB
Big Ben completed 44-of-66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns, 213 of those yards to Antonio Brown, to lead the Steelers to an NFC North-clinching, 39-38 win over the Ravens.
2. LeSean McCoy, Bills RB
McCoy navigated a Buffalo blizzard like a one-horse-open sleigh. They dashed through the snow 32 times for 156 yards, including a 21-yard touchdown in overtime to give the Bills a 13-7 win over the Colts.
3. Brett Hundley, Packers QB
Hundley completed 35-of-46 for 265 yards and three touchdowns, capped by a 25-yarder to Davante Adams in overtime as the packers won 27-21 avoided being the first team to lost to the Browns this season.
They said what?
“It sucked. It wasn't good enough, and you can put it all on me. Don't you blame one coach or one [other] player. It's all my fault.”
— Raiders QB Derek Carr, after throwing two interceptions in a 26-15 loss to the Chiefs at Arrowhead, a game Oakland trailed 26-0 after three quarters.
Fantasy Insanity
It stings when you make a smart call that goes sideways. If you played Alfred Morris in a good matchup against the Giants, you did just OK (11.5 PPR points, 85 total yards, three catches). But it was Rod Smith who really exploited the Big Blue defense: 160 total yards, five receptions and two TDs for 33 PPR points.
We were expecting the Packers to start working Aaron Jones into the game plan this week. That didn't happen. Jamaal Williams dominated the usage (22 touches to Jones' four) and posted a monster outing (seven catches, 118 combined yards, two scores, 30.8 PPR points). Jones had four carries for minus-2. Remove this situation from the worrisome list.
From the That Guy's Still Playing? Vault: There was Kendall Wright sighting Sunday. The source of much fantasy frustration for years awaiting a breakout when they were with the Titans, they had a whopping 11 targets and 10 catches (107 yards) in a Bears rout of the Bengals. We're not buying. They have burned us too often in the past.
— Drew Loftis
The death has occurred of Anne Feighery (née Cosgrove), Ballincloghan, Kilcormac, Offaly / Lisnagry, Limerick.
Funeral Arrangements Later.
The death has occurred of James (Jimmy) Griffin, Liskennett, Granagh, Limerick, peacefully at their home surrounded by their loving family.
Survived by their beloved wife Maura (née O' Kelly), sons Thomas (Malahide) and Vincent, daughters Marie Noonan (Bruff) and Carol Phillips (U.K.), sons-in-law John and Richard, daughters-in-law Toni and Fiona, their 12 adored grandchildren, sisters, sisters-in-law, brothers-in-law, nephews, nieces, relatives, kind neighbours and their many friends. RIP.
Reposing Tuesday evening at Daffy's Funeral Home Croom from 6.30pm to 8pm Remains arriving Wednesday morning for 12 noon Requiem Masses to St. Peter's and Paul's Church Banogue. Burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu to Milford Care Centre.
The death has occurred of Timothy Mulvihill, Killoughteen, Newcastle West, late of Bedfordshire, UK.
Son of the late Patrick and Mary Mulvihill. Survived by wife Anna, son Timothy, daughter Marissa, brothers, sisters, relatives and friends.
Reposing at Riedy's Funeral Home Newcastle West Thursday 22nd March from 6pm to 7.30pm. Arriving at Newcastle West Church at 8pm. Requiem Mass Friday 23rd March at 11.30am. Burial afterwards to Calvery Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Patricia Smith (née Tobin), Dallastown, PA, USA and formerly 'Groody Toll House', Old Dublin Road, Singland, Limerick, peacefully just one day before their birthday at the age of 75 on Thursday, March 15, 2018 at their home with their husband, children and grandchildren at their bedside.
Born March 16, 1942 in Limerick, they were the daughter of the late Thomas and Margaret (Morrissey) Tobin of 'Groody' (Toll House), Old Dublin Road, Limerick.
Patricia was a dedicated wife, mother, and grandmother. They had a zest for life, loved to travel, socialize, daily walks in the park with their husband, dance to the oldies and loved playing with their grandchildren. Them warm spirit lives on through their children and grandchildren.
In addition to their husband, Warren, Patricia is survived by their daughters Christine Smith and Caroline McCullough, and their son Colin Smith and their granddaughters Madeline and Catherine McCullough and grandson Kieran Smith.
A funeral service to celebrate Patricia's life will be held at 10:00 am Wednesday, March 21st in Dallastown, PA, USA.
Flowers are welcome and should be delivered by 8:30am on Wednesday, March 21st to: Austin H. Eberly Funeral Home, 104 West Main Street, Dallastown, PA 17313, USA.
The death has occurred of Christine (Chrissie) Healy, formerly of Clontarf Place, Limerick City, Limerick, late of Florida, United States.
Christine's husband Tom, daughter Eileen, son John, son-in-law James, grandchildren & extended family wish to thank most sincerely all those who sympathised with us at this sad time. Those who attended their funeral, sent mass cards, flowers, travelled long distances to be with us at that time.
A memorial Mass will be held on March 23rd 2018 at 11am in St. Lelia's Church, Ballynanty, followed by interment of ashes in Mount St. Lawrence Cemetery, Limerick.
The death has occurred of Dan Liston, peacefully at their home, surrounded by their loving family.
Beloved husband of Hannah May (née Kissane) and dear father of Donall, Mairéad, Bríd, Áine, Máire and Sinéad. Will be sadly missed by their wife, children, brother Michael, sister-in-law, daughter-in-law, sons-in-law, grandchildren, nephew, nieces and extended family. Predeceased by their brother Jim and sister Birdie.
Reposing at Healy's Funeral Home, Glin on Tuesday 20th March from 6.00 pm with removal at 8.00 pm to The Church of the Assumption, Loughill. Requiem Mass on Wednesday 21st March at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in Loughill Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Bridget McKeogh, Sunhill Nursing Home, Drogheda, Co. Louth Late Cabra Dublin and formerly of Ballynoe, Mungret, Limerick.
Regretted by their nephews, nieces, extended family and good friend Sr. Theresa McElroy, Sisters of Charity, Temple St. Dublin Requiem Mass in St. Oliver Plunkett Church, Mungret on Tuesday at 11.30am with burial afterwards in Mount St Lawrence Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Hannah McMahon (née Mulcahy), Croughteen, Castletown and formerly of Tullaha, Broadford, in the presence of their loving family at their son John's residence in Cloonee, Ballyagran.
Predeceased by their loving husband Seán. Hannah will be sadly missed by their sons John, Thomas and Kieran, daughter Breda (Kelliher), daughters-in-law Mairi, Claire and Conchita, son-in-law Danny, grandchildren Eoin, Colm, Paul, Aoife, Kayla, Lauren, Shane, Connor, Justin, Mia and Ronan, brothers, sisters, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, extended family, relatives, friends and neighbours.
Reposing at Bennis' Funeral Home, Ballyagran on Tuesday from 6pm with removal at 8pm to their son John's residence. Funeral arriving at St. Michael's Church, Ballyagran on Wednesday for Requiem Mass at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in Castletown Cemetery. Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu, if desired, to Carebright Home Care. Enquiries to Sextons Funeral Directors.
I have spent the last 22 years crisscrossing our beautiful country and have been fortunate enough to visit some amazing places over the years. Of course I have my favorites. I enjoy everything that goes along with our hobby, from the cars to the vintage accessories and artifacts that tell the story of rodding. We have visited many fantastic auto museums in our Road Tour travels. The one that really stands out for its size, quality, and scope is the Smith Collection of American Speed, or as it is now known, the Speedway Motors Museum of American Speed.
I was very fortunate to meet Bill and Joyce Smith many years ago. Bill and I shared a love of pedal cars and cool vintage hot rod items. Bill and Joyce's passion built one of the largest speed shop warehouses in the world and it also built the museum that is the mecca for so many of us enthusiasts. The Smiths' passion has carried onto their sons and the team at Speedway Motors. We are all very lucky to be able to enjoy the fruit of their hard work and dedication to our hobby.
The Speedway Motors Road Tour will kick off in Lincoln, Nebraska, on Friday, July 27, with a get-together with The Rebels Auto Club and local rodders. On Saturday morning we will be special guests at Cars and Coffee at Speedway Motors. We will also get a special look at the incredible Speedway Motors Museum of American Speed. On Saturday afternoon we will drive west to Kearney, Nebraska, where we will visit the amazing Great Platte River Road Archway Monument. We will also visit the huge Classic Car Collection in Kearney.
On Sunday we will set our sights on the town of Peculiar, Missouri, just outside Kansas City. We will be special guests at Pete and Jakes Hot Rod Parts and spend the evening with hot rod legend Jerry Slover and their family. On Monday morning we are going to be visiting the Auto World Car Collection in Fulton, Missouri. We will spend Monday evening in the historic town of St. Charles, Missouri, on the banks of the Missouri River.
On Tuesday we will visit Old Dog Street Rods near St Louis. On Tuesday afternoon we will make a stop at Mike Linning's Restaurant to take part in their annual Street Rod Nationals Cruise. We will arrive in Louisville, Kentucky, on Tuesday evening.
On Wednesday a number of the Speedway Motors Road Tour participants will be part of the annual NSRA Kick-Off Parade to downtown Louisville. All weekend, starting on Thursday, we will have special parking and a hospitality tent during the NSRA Street Rod Nationals at the Kentucky State Fairgrounds. It is going to be another great Speedway Motors Road Tour to Louisville.
Go to streetrodder.comDisplayed Text to register. Call the Road Tour Hotline at (800) 664-1362 with any questions. We hope you can join us this summer!
We had a great trip to Louisville last year on the Speedway Motors Road Tour. We have another fun week planned as we travel from Lincoln, Nebraska, to the NSRA Street Rod Nationals.
2017 Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour:
ARP/Street Rodder Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour Part 1
ARP/Street Rodder Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour Part 2
ARP/Street Rodder Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour Part 3
ARP/Street Rodder Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour Part 4
New York Yankees pitcher Masahiro Tanaka throws in the first inning of a spring baseball exhibition game against the Detroit Tigers, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Lakeland, Fla. John Raoux AP Photo
MUNSTER have confirmed that South African centre Jaco Taute is to have their stay at the province extended until the end of the season.
However, in a blow to Munster ahead of three key European Champions Cup fixtures, it has been confirmed that winger Darren Sweetnam is facing six weeks on the sidelines due to a knee injury.
Meanwhile, Munster flanker Tommy O'Donnell is rated 50/50 to feature in Saturday's Champions Cup Pool 1 fixture with Racing 92 in Paris (3.45pm Irish time) after sustaining an ankle injury in the New Year's Eve win over Connacht.
Tommy O'Donnell is to undergo further investigation later this week for an ankle injury they sustained in the 70th minute of the game in Galway.
As well as the news that Taute is to have their loan period extended at Munster until this summer, the province also confirmed that Angus Lloyd will remain with the province until June 2017.
In joining the province at the start of November on a short-term loan from Ulster, scrumhalf Lloyd has extended their stay. The 24-year-old Dublin native made their debut against Treviso at the end of November.
Springbok Taute, 25, has made 11 appearances for the province, scoring 5 tries.
Commenting on the latest player news, Munster Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus said: "Thankfully all parties have successfully come together in permitting us to secure Angus and Jaco for the remainder of the season.
"We were keen to retain the services of both players as we move on to our next fixtures. With Cathal (Sheridan) continuing to rehab a long-term ankle injury and Conor (Murray) unavailable to us during the international window Angus will bolster our options at scrumhalf.
"Similarly, with Jaco already in the system, having them available as a fullback or centre will be invaluable as our backline options will need to adapt with international commitments and following recent injuries to Alex Wootton, Bill Johnston and Darren Sweetnam."
The best and worst dressed at the Oscars Lights, cameras, action! Stars wore their best — or tried to — for the 90th Academy Awards. Here are the best and worst looks of the night. Best Lupita Nyong'o...
3 actores wore the same fugly dress this week Talk about a red carpet fail. Not only did three actores manage to wear the same dress in a four-day span this week, but it wasn't even a cute look....
Demi Lovato's holiday look is a jingle bust Demi — a k a “Poot” — Lovato sure knows how to disappoint the fashion-lovers out there. They donned a revealing outfit for the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball and boy, we were not...
Tyra Banks fails at being 'fierce' Tyra Banks loves to make a statement on the red carpet, and this week was on par with their usual antics. The former model and TV personality took us back...
Ellie Goulding won't stop robbing the cradle This week was chock-full of red carpets and black-tie galas, from Bloomingdales' “Force 4 Fashion” event to Miami Art Basel exhibitions and major film premieres. But these starry shindigs didn't...
Christina Aguilera, retire your high school wardrobe already Posh Spice — a k a Victoria Beckham — looked absolutely stunning in a red gown this week, not that that's any surprise. The Spice Girls alum always manages to look picture-perfect,...
Gwyneth, what are you wearing? The stars were shining bright this week — from movie premieres to celeb-studded events, we saw a nonstop array of great dresses. Elle Fanning looked adorable in Gucci, while Lady...
Lea Seydoux makes the case for women's suits The fashion scene was abuzz this week over the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund show, and we're mooning over plenty of equally buzz-worthy looks. Léa Seydoux looks enchanting in Miu Miu, while...
Fergie, what are you wearing? From Rooney Mara's dreamy column dress to Alexa Chung's floral frock, there was no shortage of celebrity style this week. On the other hand, Fergie fell flat in an ill-fitting...
ALAMEDA, Calif. — The approach Oakland Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie takes into the NFL draft is no different with Jon Gruden as coach as it was in previous years with Jack Del Rio and Dennis Allen at the helm.
“The board will still be doing the talking,” McKenzie said. “It really will.”
Trusting the board paid off handsomely back in 2014 when Oakland ended up with 2016 Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack and starting quarterback Derek Carr with its top two picks.
It hasn't worked out as well the past two years when the Raiders haven't added any impact players, with last year's top two picks, cornerback Gareon Conley and safety Obi Melifonwu, barely even getting on the field as rookies because of injuries.
“We're not going to beat up on some of these guys who physically were not able to get out there and play,” McKenzie said.
“Hopefully some of these guys from the past drafts, we can get them out there, keep them healthy and see what they can do. Hopefully this is the year. Even the guys we draft this year, we have no idea if they can make it through OTAs or training camp and preseason healthy. You just hope and pray they can be there for us and see what they can do during the season.”
After dropping from 12 wins in 2016 to just six a year ago, the Raiders fired coach Jack Del Rio and are looking to rebound under Gruden. The team has made many additions so far this off-season mostly to add depth and role players.
The hope is Oakland can add a potential impact starter with the 10th overall pick and fill other key spots with players who fit Gruden's system with its 10 other selections .
“It's all about coming together and feeling each other out and getting all the information from the coaches,” McKenzie said. “Getting the information from the scouts. Then we set the board. Guys, it's not rocket science. It really isn't. It's just trying to get a feel for a new system. New coaches, what they like and what they don't like. That's the process.”
Here are some other things to look for in the draft:
BIGGEST NEEDS
The most glaring holes on the Raiders after free agency are on the defensive side with cornerback, inside linebacker and defensive tackle at the top of the list.
There should be options there available to No. 10 with players such as Ohio State CB Denzel Ward, Georgia LB Roquan Smith, versatile Alabama DB Minkah Fitzpatrick, Virginia Tech LB Tremaine Edmunds and Washington DT Vita Vea all possibilities.
TRADING UP
If the Raiders are targeting a specific player on day two or three of the draft, they have plenty of draft capital to move up. Oakland has two fifth-round picks and four in the sixth round that could be used to add depth to the roster or to move up a few spots after the first round.
“Teams always want picks, especially when they don't have any in those later rounds,” McKenzie said. “It would help. If we would like to move up, we can use that as trade bait.”
TRADING DOWN
While McKenzie has never traded up in the first round in six previous drafts with Oakland, they did move down nine spots in 2013 to get an extra pick before taking cornerback DJ Hayden.
The Raiders could be a candidate to move down this year, especially if there's a quarterback on the board desired by a team picking later in the first round. Oakland could target help on the interior pass rush or at offensive tackle, both positions where the top players may not be projected to go in the top 10.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
McKenzie struck it big in 2014 when they drafted cornerstones Mack and Carr with their first two picks and starters at guard (Gabe Jackson) and defensive tackle (Justin Ellis) the next two rounds. The 2016 draft wasn't nearly as productive with second, third and fourth-round picks Jihad Ward, Shilique Calhoun and Connor Cook struggling even to get on the field. DT Treyvon Hester, a 2017 seventh-round pick, showed promise as a rookie and could be a key contributor this year.
——
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
LOS ANGELES — There had been only one real practice, one small attempt at learning a couple plays with new teammates.
But when the game began Saturday, the new and the old melded like they'd been at it for some time, newcomer Tobias Harris blending with holdover Danilo Gallinari to lead the Clippers to a 113-103 victory over the struggling Chicago Bulls.
Harris and Gallinari each scored 24 points in their first game together, and the Clippers stayed with a simple motion offence that led to a season-high 33 fast-break points.
“Tobias and Danilo were phenomenal tonight,” said Clippers coach Doc Rivers. “I'm just trying to figure out what we have with those two.
“We literally stayed with an open floor, motion offence and it was far better than anything we tried to run.”
Harris, Avery Bradley and Boban Marjanovic came to the Clippers on Monday in the trade that sent Blake Griffin to Detroit. Griffin also scored 24 in their debut for the Pistons.
It was the sixth consecutive loss for the Bulls, who also made a trade on Tuesday. Their three new players, however, had yet to take their physicals and did not play Saturday.
The Bulls also played without starters Kris Dunn and Lauri Markkanen.
Zach LaVine had 21 points and nine rebounds and led six Bulls players scoring in double figures.
“Call it what it is, but we've got to go out there and fight,” LaVine said. “We've got to do better, all of us. We're going to get those guys back, we're going to be a full team.”
The Clippers led the entire game but were never able to put away the Bulls, who started the game by missing their first seven field goals and finished shooting 36 per cent.
Harris was 10 for 19 from the field, beginning their Clippers career by hitting a 3-pointer for the first points of the game. They played 34 minutes in their debut.
“It felt great,” Harris said. “I'm obviously happy and was excited just to get out there with my new teammates.”
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said newly acquired Omer Asik, Jameer Nelson and Tony Allen did not suit up because they had yet to take their physicals. … Sent an assistant trainer to Chicago to check on the progress of G Dunn (concussion). Said Hoiberg: “He's still on the concussion protocol. As they continue to feel better, hopefully they can cross off the steps to get out of it. Then he'll need a couple of practices before he's cleared.” … Markkanen remained home for the birth of their first child but Hoiberg said they may rejoin the team for their next game in Sacramento.
Clippers: Doc Rivers said G Austin Rivers (right ankle) should return when the team starts to play seven consecutive road games on Feb. 9. He's missed 17 games with what was originally called a strained Achilles tendon.
SCORING FRONTLINE
Since their new players only new a couple of basic sets, the Clippers went to a slashing, running style of play that proved effective.
“We played with a new team today,” Gallinari said. “The style is going to be what you saw today. We just have to keep it up and keep improving. It can get better.
“I think that's the way everyone would like to play. That way everyone is happy and on the same page. By playing like that you make every single player happy.”
Bradley also started, finishing with eight points, five rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT
Bulls: At Sacramento on Monday night to close a three-game trip.
Clippers: Host Dallas on Monday night.
——
More AP NBA: http://www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
Whether you're training for this year's London Marathon, or just trying to get the new year off to a good start by going for the odd jog, you're probably asking yourself the same question: "What can I eat before a run that isn't spaghetti Bolognese?"
As well as Lycra, smugness and hi-vis fitness jackets, bowls of pasta are synonymous with running culture – but there are alternative running-fuel ingredients, and sports nutritionist Anita Bean, is committed to proving that. The health writer has put together 100 recipes specifically geared towards the needs of runners – in their latest collection, The Runner's Cookbook.
Here, Anita busts some myths and sets out some golden rules...
Being a runner doesn't mean you can eat whatever you like all the time
"Runners starting out often think running is a license to continue eating whatever they want. Runner's weight gain is quite a real phenomenon, and that's because many runners overestimate the amount of calories they burn, or overcompensate by consuming extra food after their runs," explains Anita. "Or they think, ‘Well, I've run 10k today, so I deserve this chocolate cake'. Basically, it's getting the balance between calories in/calories out wrong. And it's fair to say some runners will find their appetite increases, but once you continue running regularly, you find your appetite will reduce."
In fact, you ought to be even more careful about what you're eating
"Start to really cut down on highly processed foods: sugars, sugary snacks, crisps, high-fat, high-sugar foods. Instead, ensure your diet contains lots of fresh fruit, fresh foods and more natural wholefoods. Whole grains, fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds, lean meat, fish."
Don't cut out carbohydrates
"If you've got a long or hard run ahead, you want to eat more carbohydrate. Carbohydrate is what we call a fast fuel – it's the muscles' preferred fuel, it produces energy faster than fat or protein. If you try and cut down your carbs, you'll feel really tired and fatigued to start with, but you'll find that it may sustain you for long, slow runs, your low intensity easy runs, but a low-carb diet cannot fuel high-intensity runs."
Delicious.magazine tips: 5 top smoothie combos
1 BLUEBERRY AND OAT
Whizz a handful of porridge oats in a blender with a splash of water.
Add half a banana, a large handful of blueberries (frozen is fine) and a few spoonfuls of natural yogurt, then whizz again.
Blend in a pinch of ground cinnamon and honey to taste – loosen with a splash of milk if it's too thick.
2 BANANA AND ALMOND BUTTER
Whizz a banana with a few tablespoons of almond butter, a glass of milk and, if you like, honey to taste. One for kids – big and small.
3 BEETROOT, CARROT AND GINGER
Blend equal amounts of carrot and beetroot with apple juice, a stick of celery and a few slices of fresh ginger.
Make it slightly tart by adding orange juice to taste.
4 MANGO, CASHEW AND CARDAMOM
Put peeled, cubed mango in a blender with a handful of cashews, a squeeze of lime juice and the seeds from a couple of cardamom pods.
Add milk (and a pinch of ground turmeric if you like) and blend.
5 SPINACH, AVOCADO AND COCONUT WATER
Whizz an avocado with several generous handfuls of spinach and enough coconut water to thin to smoothie thickness.
Questions are being raised about TVNZ's restructure and whether it will affect the state broadcaster's Māori programming.
Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei says the broadcaster intends to get rid of the Māori commissioner role, meaning no Māori representative at the executive level. Te Kāea understands to restructure will reduce the number of TVNZ commissioners to four and the Māori Commissioner role will be dissolved.
“If Māori do not have access to a Māori commissioner to be able to get that advice we will see much less Māori programming on the TVNZ stations,” Turei says.
TVNZ says it is looking to make structural changes across its entire business by the end of the month and reassures its Māori programming would not be aborted. It did not confirm whether to restructure would axe the Māori commissioner's role. The move comes after cut-backs to its news operations in March and the disestablishment of the Māori and Pacific department in 2014.
Labout MP Peeni Henare says the potential culling of the role is “shocking”.
"The problem is if this happens Māori input and presence will diminish at the executive level and we think that's a huge issue."
TVNZ has been speaking with its funding partners about the restructure proposal. Māori in screen production guild Nga Aho Whakaari says it was not consulted and is calling out the broadcaster for ignoring its legal, moral and cultural obligations to Māori yet again.
"TVNZ appear to want to continue to marginalise us out of existence," a Nga Aho Whakaari spokesperson says.
"Once again, they have failed to consult with Tāngata Whenua when making decisions that impact Māori. Perhaps it's time for the decision makers at TVNZ to re-acquaint themselves with both the Broadcasting Act and the State Owned Enterprises Act.”
Henare agrees.
"Over the past ten years, we've seen this sort of carry-on imposed by TVNZ's top tier which has resulted in a decrease in the number of Māori faces, roles and content at TVNZ. Under the current law, TVNZ is not meeting its obligations."
NZ On Air Chief Executive Jane Wrightson says under its Act the broadcaster must reflect Māori perspectives.
"When we fund this kind of content NZ On Air has learned that Māori executive involvement is crucial to support a project's authenticity. We're sure TVNZ knows this too.”
Te Māngai Pāho expects Māori oversight for the content it funds and a Māori door for Māori producers to bring new content. TVNZ says there will be ongoing expert editorial oversight for its Maori programming.
Henare says appropriate funding should follow any restructure.
“If TVNZ closes its door to Māori then the Māori funding that has been allocated to them should be withdrawn."
Henare will be raising the issue with the Minister responsible for TVNZ.
Restructural changes are pending feedback from TVNZ's content team before further discussions this month. A more definite timeline will be available to its people in the coming days.
Ryan Tannehill, Miami Dolphins quarterback, talks to the media about how the offense needs to convert third downs to stay on the field longer for the team to improve over last season.
The closure will allow road crews to fix a bump on the northbound approach to the railroad tracks. Southbound traffic will not be affected.
According to Mt. Juliet police Capt. Tyler Chandler, detour routes will be in place, and officers will be on hand to watch the traffic situation. Motorists traveling north on Mt. Juliet Road are encouraged to avoid the railroad track crossing by detouring down Industrial Drive, Clemmons Road or Golden Bear Gateway.
LOS ANGELES — As the Los Angeles Clippers pick up the pieces after their stunning Game 1 loss to the Utah Jazz, they will look to pick up the pace in Game 2 of their Western Conference first-round playoff series on Tuesday night at Staples Center.
Despite the Jazz losing center and leading rebounder Rudy Gobert in the opening 20 seconds of the Saturday game, they were able to dictate the tempo and prevail 97-95 on Joe Johnson's game-winning shot as time expired, ending the Clippers' seven-game winning streak.
Gobert, who sustained a hyperextended left knee after colliding with Clippers forward Luc Mbah a Moute, is ruled out of Game 2.
Utah guard Raul Neto, who missed Game 1 with a sprained ankle, is listed as questionable. Neto told the Salt Lake Tribune that they will play.
However, it is Gobert's absence the Clippers hope to exploit.
Point guard Chris Paul, who had 25 points, 11 assists and seven rebounds in Game 1, said the Clippers also need a boost from J.J. Redick. The shooting guard managed just seven points and took only six shots, converting three, in the opener.
“Our defense has to be better, our pace, our tempo, everything has to be better,” Paul said, according to the club's website. “Had we won that game, we still would have needed to do things better. We're definitely going to have to do more. J.J. is our best shooter on our team. That's our job as a team and my job as the point guard to find them more open looks.”
In addition to Redick, the Clippers could use more production from their bench. Their reserves were outscored by the Jazz's 47-20. Johnson accounted for 21 bench points and Derrick Favors had 15. No Los Angeles reserve scored in double figures.
Blake Griffin also wasn't productive in the second half, scoring just six of their 26 points. Griffin had two points in the fourth quarter.
The Jazz will attempt to slow the tempo to duplicate their Game 1 success. However, they realize the Clippers will perform with more of an urgency to avoiding going down 0-2.
“You know they're going to be aggressive all game, and we're going to have to be smarter and be ready for that,” point guard George Hill told the Tribune. Hill had 16 points in the Game 1 win. “We're expecting them to come out and play very hard. We just have to be smart about it and be aggressive right back.”
Adjusting to whatever the Clippers throw at them will be crucial for the Jazz.
“We expect their whole team to come out aggressive,” Favors said, according to the Tribune. “We're sure they're feeling some type of way after Saturday. So we know Chris Paul is going to be aggressive. Same thing for Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan. So we're going to have to come out and be ready for that.”
The Clippers will play again without reserve guard Austin Rivers (strained left hamstring). Rivers, who has been limited to shooting drills, probably won't be available for Game 3 either, coach Doc Rivers said.
Wagner sophomore star won't go overlooked again Bashir Mason grew more and more annoyed. The Wagner coach had seen enough of Blake Francis, considering the young southpaw wasn't the recruit Mason came to see play on the...
NYC-area programs begin pursuit for NCAA Tournament berths Seton Hall should be a lock for the NCAA Tournament. St. John's should have its best team under Chris Mullin. But the Big East programs aren't the only local teams...
How Wagner's focus on its flaw carried Seahawks to NEC finals Before the season started, Bashir Mason printed out statistics from last year's team. It included how well Wagner played offensively — the third-highest scoring team in the Northeast Conference —...
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed How Trump Charmed Small Town Ohioans 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
CIRCLEVILLE, Ohio - As questions swirl around what President Donald Trump knew about their former national security adviser's communications with Russia, many of their supporters remain steadfast.
"I didn't like that it happened, but it did — and you've got to move on," said Jerry Leist, a retired farmer in the area, of Gen. Michael Flynn's abrupt Monday night resignation. "Am I concerned about it? Not nearly as concerned as I am about other things — jobs, immigration, other things. That's way above Russia, which will always be a problem."
Joyce Tatro-Manes, a middle school math teacher who backed Trump in November, told NBC News on Tuesday that their hopes for Trump's presidency had not changed since the Flynn story broke. However, they said they worry that Trump "is not going to be able to do all these great things that they promised if he's mired in controversy."
Related: Could Trump Really Bring Back Manufacturing Jobs?
Many residents of Circleville, with its population of 13,000, found hope in a jobs agenda that Trump promised would lift up hurting rural and industrial towns like theirs. Four years ago, Mitt Romney won this county — Pickaway County — by 19 percentage points. Trump beat out Democrat Hillary Clinton by 42 percent.
Over the past few days, a number of the president's supporters told NBC News that they remain confident that they will deliver on the campaign promise that earned their vote, echoing a sentiment that prevailed among their voters during Trump's tumultuous campaign,
"I think that when Donald Trump said they were going to bring more jobs, people genuinely believed them — because they really does usually do what they say," Tatro-Manes said this weekend from the sideline of their third-grade daughter's basketball game at Circleville's elementary school. They call themselves a lifelong Democrat and is the daughter of union members.
"To vote Republican in an election like this was a huge deal for me," they added.
"You couldn't believe it?" they said, turning to their husband, Dan Manes. He, with an acknowledging grin and shoulder shrug, replied: "I couldn't believe it."
A Circleville resident walks through the old manufacturing community, where a drop in blue-collar jobs has left residents seeking a rejuvenation under President Trump. NBC News
Manufacturing in Circleville has been on the decline for years. General Electric is moving forward with plans to close its plant this summer. When the Thomson Electric factory shuttered in 2004, it not only affected Pickaway County, but workers from eleven other central and southern rural Ohio counties. And the DuPont chemical plant, another longtime fixture here, is down to just 450 full-time employees, leaving the parking lot on the edge of the city now just halfway full.
Today, the largest employer is the county hospital.
"We do need more industry, more business that can help the people that live in this area. They need to be able to have a living wage," said Donna Butterfield, who retired from that DuPont plant after 30 years. They now work at Wittich's Candy Shop, where they noted that other younger employees cannot make ends meet purely from the shop's hourly pay.
"Most of the small businesses around here pay minimum wage. You can't pay rent, you can't pay your utilities on that low income," Butterfield said. Like others, Butterfield lamented the decrease in well-paying, blue-collar jobs that once fueled the city and made it an attractive place to reside.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed In Trump they trust: Ohio voters reveal how faith influenced their election choice 4:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Just 15 percent of Circleville's residents hold a college degree — half of the national average.
This is why a new tissue plant is the talk of the county this winter.
The Italian company Sofidel will soon hire 300 workers in what will be the county's first new plant since the 1980s. Employees who will fill the jobs on the floor are expected to earn $13, $14 or $15 an hour, a sturdy, living wage income for the county.
But the tissue plant is just a start in making up for what else community members openly fear is a decline in this still-charming town. Drugs have penetrated families. Homeowners bemoan the rise in rental properties. And the closed movie theaters are remembered fondly as sources of community entertainment.
Among the voters here, there are those like Leist, whose Sunday school class at Circleville's Community United Methodist Church turned into a conversation centered on members' reasoning for backing the real estate mogul, who say Trump is "saying what I'd like to say to most politicians."
Image: Mike Pence, then-vice presidential candidate, waves to thousands at the annual Circleville Pumpkin Show on October 22, making the pit stop through the Ohio town that ultimately swung overwhelming Republican and helped the ticket win the state on Election Day. NBC News
"We've never had the chance to say anything or do anything," they added.
For Leist and other voters like him, Trump represented a megaphone for their grievances and concerns about the fate of their community.
"My vote was not cast without prayer," said Linda Kennedy, who attends the same Sunday school class. "It's pretty hard to vote for someone who had said the kinds of things they had said in the campaign about people to people and not think that basically God could just strike me down for it — because they were horrible."
Kennedy noted that they had yet to tell anyone outside of their immediate family who they voted for in November.
They picked Trump, they said, because of the "idea of needing some change."
BEIJING — A proposed Chinese law threatens those making inappropriate use of the country's national anthem with up to 15 days in jail, state media reported Monday, amid a surge in state-promoted patriotism under President Xi Jinping.
The draft legislation would make it illegal to play the anthem at funerals and on other “improper” occasions, as well as to “maliciously” modify its wording or present it in a “distorted or disrespectful” way, the Xinhua News Agency said.
Settings at which the anthem can be played include political gatherings, award ceremonies, flag-raising ceremonies, important diplomatic occasions and major sport events, Xinhua said.
The draft was given a second hearing Monday by the standing committee of the National People's Congress, China's legislature. Passage in a third hearing is required for it to become law.
“The legislation governing the use of the national anthem is feasible, necessary and of great significance to foster and practice socialist core values and to promote the patriotism-centered spirit of the nation,” Xinhua quoted Zhang Haiyang, deputy head of the legislature's Law Committee, as saying.
Xi, China's strongest leader in decades, has appealed to resurgent nationalism among the public by pursuing a strong military, the vigorous expansion of the world's second largest economy and a muscular foreign policy that frequently seeks to confront the US and other major powers. China recently established its first overseas military base in the Horn of Africa nation of Djibouti and Chinese companies have been scooping up overseas assets such as New York's famed Waldorf Astoria hotel.
Xi, who has also led the ruling Communist Party since 2012, has established a growing cult of personality that leans heavily on their image as a patriotic leader who brooks no slight to national dignity.
China's entirely state-controlled media relentlessly promote a view of China as morally superior to the West, and popular culture has been increasingly leveraged to stir patriotism among the younger generation for whom communism as a system has little meaning. The film Wolf Warrior II offering a bare-knuckled take on Chinese nationalism became the country's all-time box office champion this summer, taking advantage of a two-month blackout period during which foreign films cannot be shown in Chinese cinemas.
China's national anthem, titled “March of the Volunteers,” was originally featured in a patriotic play that ran during the nearly 15-year struggle against Japan that lasted through the end of World War II. Lyrics include “Arise, ye who refuse to be slaves, with our flesh and blood let us build our new Great Wall.”
Image copyright EPA Image caption Malcolm Turnbull and Manasseh Sogavare in Canberra on Monday
Australia and the Solomon Islands have signed a deal allowing Canberra to deploy security forces to its Pacific neighbour in the event of civil unrest.
The agreement was signed amid a week-long Australian visit by Solomon Islands PM Manasseh Sogavare.
In June, Australia ended a 14-year peacekeeping mission in the Soloman Islands following a civil conflict that brought it to the brink of collapse.
Mr Sogareve said they they hoped the new deal would never be acted upon.
"The treaty is about if we fall back into a situation where we were in the 2000s, Australia would come back and assist us," they were quoted as saying by The Guardian.
But they said "we will not allow the country to go down that way".
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull said the deal would "enable defence, civilian and civilian personnel to deploy operationally in emergency situations to provide security or humanitarian assistance at the Solomon Islands government's request".
The new treaty comes two months after the conclusion of the Australian-led Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands (Ramsi).
Ramsi had been a response to a Solomon Islands crisis - known locally as "the tensions" - which saw fighting between militants from Guadalcanal island and the island of Malaita between 1998 and 2003.
CLEVELAND — Your turn, Aaron Rodgers.
The Green Bay Packers saved their season just in time for their star's return.
Brett Hundley threw a 25-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams in overtime as the Packers rallied from a two-touchdown deficit in the fourth quarter for a 27-21 win on Sunday over the winless and luckless Cleveland Browns.
Hundley pulled out their third win — and second straight in OT — since replacing Rodgers, and now the Packers (7-6) will get back their quarterback after their season appeared doomed when they broke their collarbone in October.
“My No. 1 thought going into it was to keep our hopes alive to make the playoffs,” said Hundley, who had three touchdown passes. “At the end of the day, whatever happens, happens. Whenever I'm called upon, I'll be ready. In the meantime, we're still in this.”
Barely.
On third-and-6 in overtime, Hundley threw a short pass to Adams , who spun out of Myles Garrett's arms and went in untouched with 5:05 left as the Packers set the stage for Rodgers' return. They returned to practice this week, and as long as he's cleared by Green Bay's medical staff, Rodgers will be back on the field next Sunday when the Packers play Carolina.
“We kept the playoffs alive,” said safety Josh Jones, who intercepted rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer to set up the winning score. “We got the best quarterback in the league coming back, so we feel a lot better.”
It was another devastating loss for the Browns (0-13), who made several critical mistakes late in regulation before Kizer's poor decision on their final throw.
Kizer was rolling to their left and tried to throw across their body to Rashard Higgins when their arm was hit by linebacker Clay Matthews. If not for the contact, Kizer felt the Browns would have won.
“I thought we had control of the game pretty much the majority of the game,” Browns linebacker Christian Kirksey said. “It's definitely frustrating. Green Bay had the better team today. I don't know why it keeps happening.”
Down 21-14 heading into the fourth period, the Packers, who beat Tampa Bay last week in overtime, rallied on Hundley's 1-yard TD pass to Adams with 17 seconds left in regulation.
A 65-yard punt return by Trevor Davis set up Green Bay's score, which came after Hundley was ruled down inside the 1 after an apparent 6-yard scoring run. Out of timeouts, coach Mike McCarthy elected not to risk a run and Hundley rifled their pass into the corner for Adams, who beat Jason McCourty on the play.
Hundley's tight spiral was reminiscent of so many thrown by Rodgers, who stayed warm on the sideline inside a large green sideline jacket.
Hundley finished 35 of 46 with three touchdowns and made the big plays when they had to against the lowly Browns.
“He plays their best football when the game's on the line,” McCarthy said of the young QB. “You can't teach that. He's a winner.”
Cleveland was in position to run out the clock before overtime but rookie tight end David Njoku dropped a key third-down pass. Cleveland's punt team couldn't bring down Davis, who weaved their way to the Browns 25.
Kizer threw three touchdown passes, one to Josh Gordon, and went 20 of 28 for 214 yards. But he'll be haunted by the late pick.
“You can't make that,” coach Hue Jackson said. “If it does not feel right, it probably is not right.”
Cleveland's heartbreaking loss closed a turbulent week: The team fired Sashi Brown, its top front office executive, and owner Jimmy Haslam said Jackson will return next season.
Isaiah Crowell rushed for 121 yards on 19 carries. Gordon, playing their first home game since Dec. 14, 2014, had three catches for 69 yards and caught an 18-yard TD pass in the first quarter that they celebrated by putting on sunglasses.
GORDON SHINES
After missing some scoring opportunities last week in Los Angeles, Gordon was confident they and Kizer would connect against the Packers. They did just that on Cleveland's first play, hooking up for 38 yards. Moments later, Kizer threaded a perfect pass over the middle to Gordon, who made a leaping catch in the end zone for their first TD since Dec. 15, 2013. When they returned to the sideline, Gordon pulled off their helmet and put on a pair of dark sunglasses, then strutted in celebration before hugging Jackson.
Gordon did not speak to reporters.
OPENING ACT
They had to fake a punt to keep their first offensive drive going, but the Packers scored their league-leading seventh touchdown on their opening possession.
HALFWAY HOME
Cleveland's halftime lead was its second this season, and first on American soil. The Browns led the Vikings 13-12 at halftime of their Oct. 29 game in London before losing 33-16.
INJURIES
Packers: CB Davon House was carted off in the fourth quarter with a back injury. House's feet got tangled and they fell hard to the turf. … TE Lance Kendricks returned after sustaining a jaw injury in the third quarter.
UP NEXT
Packers: At Carolina on Sunday
Browns: Host Baltimore in their final home game Sunday.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
$462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment
President Muhammadu Buhari's decision to buy $462 million worth of fighter jets for the military without recourse to the National Assembly has been deemed an “impeachable offence” by the House of Representatives. The House members were left infuriated by the decision after the Speaker, Hon. Yakubu Dogara informed them at plenary by reading a letter […]
The post $462 Payment For Fighter Jets: House of Reps Mulls Buhari's Impeachment appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
QUEBEC — Premier Philippe Couillard is promising to create a guaranteed minimum income for certain Quebecers as part of a $3 billion anti-poverty plan.
Couillard and Employment Minister Francois Blais presented the government's five-year anti-poverty strategy in Quebec City on Sunday.
The plan would boost the annual income of those who are unable to work by more than $5,000 to about $18,029 a year and establish a guaranteed minimum income for them.
Those deemed able to work would not receive increased benefits under the plan but could be eligible for subsidized training or job search bonuses.
The Quebec government says the plan would help lift about 100,000 people out of poverty by 2023 but anti-poverty groups are already denouncing it, saying it creates two classes of poor by punishing those who are deemed able to work.
The next provincial election is set for October 2018.
The National Youth Violence Prevention Week campaign hopes to educatethe community on ways to reduce youth violence. (Source: Jeff Knight, WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - City leaders are talking awareness and education as Louisville kicks off National Youth Violence Prevention Week.
Today's event at the California Community Center, located at 1600 St. Catherine Street, focused on educating students, teachers, parents and the community about ways to reduce youth violence in our community.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Schools reopen after employees contract Hepatitis A
+ Graffiti suspects caught on camera outside Louisville bar
+ Walk In rally held at Atherton High School
"One of the greatest signs of hope I see in this ongoing fight to erase violence from the life's of our young people is the passion and drive we're seeing from whom ... our young people," said Mayor Greg Fischer. "I am extremely proud of all the young people across our country and right here in Louisville who have stood up especially since the shootings in Parkland, Florida who said enough is enough with gun violence."
Fischer was joined at the kickoff event by Dr. Marty Pollio, superintendent of the Jefferson County Public Schools, Louisville Metro Council president David James, Rashaad Abdur-Rahman, director of the Office for Safe and Healthy Neighborhoods and Sadiqa Reynolds, president of the Louisville Urban League.
Throughout the week activities will be held at dozens of schools and non-profit agencies across Louisville.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Ex-Minister Seeks $1bn ECA for Research in Tertiary Institutions
Emmanuel Addeh in Yenagoa
A former Minister of Science and Technology, Prof. Turner Isoun has called on the federal and state governments to agree to withdraw another $1 billion from the Excess Crude Account (ECA) for research and innovation in tertiary institutions in the country if they are serious about education.
Isoun, who spoke at the first matriculation ceremony of the University of Africa, Toru-Orua (UAT), funded through a public-private arrangement by the Bayelsa State government, said Nigeria would continue to lag behind if serious funding is not devoted to research to be overseen by exceptional academics in Nigerian universities.
In their lecture, ‘The University of Africa: In pursuit of an Innovative and Sustainable University, Responding to the Challenges of a State and a Nation', they said beyond the long speeches during workshops, the government must begin to fund research in Nigerian tertiary institutions.
“The federal and state governments must consider that their contributions to the funding of tertiary education is an investment in their self-interest, as opposed to an expenditure with no returns.
“I wish to challenge the federal and state governments to allocate $1 billion from the excess crude account from which they have certain statutory rights to a fund established by law for use by tertiary institutions.
“If these funds are used to address specific (relevant) problems and needs, through innovative research and its application to products and services, there will be high returns on investment, both financial (to the government) and through improvement to the quality of life and employment opportunities for civil society.
They added: “This fund could for example enable an academically diverse team of innovative academics and students to design a practical means of providing renewable energy systems targeted for use in our remote schools.” Isoun said while some people many argue that the Tertiary Education Trust Fund (TETFund) was set up to achieve that aim, over 80 per cent of the fund is devoted to physical infrastructure, rather than intense scientific academic research.
While also calling for the establishment of more
universities, they regretted that the 160 universities in the
country could only provide admission for one third of the
average of 1.5 million candidates that apply for university
education annually.
In their remarks, Governor of Seriake Dickson bemoaned the
existing model for funding tertiary education in the country
and argued that it was not realistic to have quality
university education, considered the bedrock of societal
development which is cheaper than nursery education even
within the country.
Dickson also stated that the university is owned by the
Bayelsa government though with a different model designed to
make it self-sustaining through exploring creatives means of
generating revenue.
“The universities owned by the federal and state
governments rely totally on the government for their
running. Look at the decline in the standard of education,
the tendency of our elite to send their children to schools
abroad, whose funding model is different.
“We have announced a policy that the tertiary institutions
in Bayelsa would have to look inward. government would give
grants, build infrastructure, give loans for business
development. That is the new direction in Bayelsa.
“When university education is cheaper than nursery
education, we are not realistic. When it is cheap, it cannot
give us the quality and the innovation that we seek. When
university education becomes cheaper than nursery education,
then something has gone wrong,” they said.
The former Minister of Education, Alhaji Ibrahim Shekarau,
who was chairperson of the event, urged the matriculating
students to take advantage of the opportunity of the
admission offered them to excel in their academics and
conduct so that the institution would be proud of them.
The acting Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Valentine Aletor also
warned the students against anti-social behaviour, saying
that the institution has zero tolerance for cultism,
forming of gangs, use of hard drugs, indecent dressing,
bullying and insubordination.
The post Ex-Minister Seeks $1bn ECA for Research in Tertiary Institutions appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image caption The council started planning enforcement action after 30 local residents complained about what they called a "mud wall"
A 100m-long "mud wall", criticised by residents for depriving them of a marina view, is being pulled down after a council won a planning appeal.
Maldon District Council has battled Port Flair Ltd since February 2017 when it built the bank at Bradwell in Essex.
The authority started planning enforcement action after 30 local residents complained, but this was appealed by Port Flair.
The Planning Inspectorate has now backed the council.
Paul Dodson, the council's director of planning, said the authority was pleased that work was being undertaken "so promptly" to remove the "unauthorised earth embankment".
A spokesperson for Port Flair, which runs Bradwell Marina, said the firm had no comment to make.
This race is like a presidential election in miniature.
Tuesday's special election in Georgia's 6th Congressional District is drawing national media attention, fundraising donations from the left and right from across the country, along with the involvement major special interest groups, and increasing attention from the White House.
The major players in politics are going all out to influence the vote that will be seen as an early indicator of more consequential elections to come, especially next year's midterms.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ossoff on Trump: I don't have admiration for the man 4:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
While candidates have tried to turn back to local issues, that hasn't been easy in the face of an astounding $14 million spent on advertising, countless magazine profiles and other major coverage, and the intervention of everyone from Samuel L. Jackson to President Donald Trump.
Signaling the significance of the contest, Trump attacked the leading Democratic candidate, Jon Ossoff, on Twitter Monday morning and robocalls featuring the president were launched as well.
"Liberal Democrats from outside of Georgia are spending millions of dollars trying to take your Republican Congressional seat away from you. Don't let them do it," Trump said in the recorded message. "Tomorrow there is a special election for Congress in Georgia. Only you can stop the super liberal Democrats and Nancy Pelosi's group, and in particular, Jon Ossoff. If you don't vote tomorrow, Ossoff will raise your taxes, destroy your healthcare, and flood our country with illegal immigrants."
Eighteen candidates — 11 Republicans, 5 Democrats, and 2 independents — will appear on the ballot Tuesday to compete for two slots in a June runoff election. That's unless one of the hopefuls can break 50%, in which case they win outright and will be heading to D.C.
Polls show Ossoff, who has shattered fundraising records and largely consolidated support on their side of the aisle, is almost certain to crush the rest of the field. It's remarkable position for a 30-year-old first-time candidate who can't even vote for themselves because they live outside the district (he has promised to move). There's no legal requirement that congressional candidates reside in the districts in which they are running.
But it may be a Pyrrhic victory if Ossoff doesn't cross the 50% threshold — and the latest polls show they are unlikely to reach that level of support — since a one-on-one runoff would be harder than the divide-and-conquer approach he's using now. In that case, Ossoff would likely be facing a Republican with the GOP united behind its candidate, not fractured as the party is now.
Former Rep. Tom Price, who vacated the seat to join Trump's Cabinet as Secretary of Health and Human Services, was the latest GOP occupant of a seat their party has held for nearly 40 years. Former Speaker Newt Gingrich once represented the district, as did Johnny Isakson, who went on to earn a promotion to the Senate.
RELATED: Trump blasts Ossoff as the president jumps into the special election
But Trump, as both critics and fans will agree, has changed politics in unpredictable ways. No one yet knows what elections in the Trump era will look like, and this race will provide one key — if imperfect — data point.
None of the special elections this year have been as nationalized to the extent as the race in Georgia, making it the closest approximation of the country's mood to be tested at the ballot.
Even though analysts caution special elections are just that, and thus not extremely predictive, the outcome will influence decision-making of officials in both parties about where to allocate resources, how to deliver messages, and which candidates they can recruit for upcoming contests.
Democrats have held three focus groups in the district to glean lessons for the 2018 midterms about key demographic groups, including voters who switched from Mitt Romney to Hillary Clinton, young people and African-Americans.
Democrats have been crushed in the past two midterm elections in large part because their core demographic supporters tend to turn out in lower numbers in midterms than presidential elections. Republicans' older and whiter base is more reliable.
RELATED: The Dems vs. Trump: Everything you need to know
Liberals think antipathy to Trump, which has pushed millions of people into the streets, will also get them to the ballot box, but they have no proof of that yet.
Republicans, meanwhile, are trying to figure out how much distance they should put between themselves and Trump, whose approval rating has bounced around low 40s and high 30s for much of their first months in office.
They're already worried after a race in Kansas last week. In a district Trump won handily, the Democratic nominee lost but outperformed their party's November showing by 20 percentage points,
Georgia's 6th Congressional District is not a perfect testbed of national politics. It's more Republican, whiter, wealthier, and more educated than the nation as a whole. But it may be especially instructive about one key demographic — affluent, college-educated Republicans, who trended away from Trump last year.
Kevin Feely is out of the Kildare side to take on Monaghan in Sunday's Alliaz Football League, Division 1, Round 2, game at St Conleth's Park, Newbridge.
The Athy man picked up a knock against Dublin on Saturday and has not been included in the starting XV announced tonight (Friday February 2).
Neil Flynn who picked up a hamstring injury after just three minutes last week is also out with Ben McCRormack coming in.
The full Kildare team reads:
Mark Donnellan; Peter Kelly, David Hyland, Mick O'Grady; Johnny Byrne, Eoin Doyle cpt., Cian O'Donoghue; Tommy Moolick, Luke Flynn; Fergal Conway, Chris Healy, Paul Cribbin; Ben McCormack, Daniel Flynn, Cathal McNally.
Meanwhile Monaghan have made just one change from the team that lost to Mayo by one point last week. Dessie Ward replaces their club mate Ryan Wylie
Monaghan team:
Rory Beggan; Kieran Duffy, Conor Boyle, Barry Kerr; Fintan Kelly, Dessie Ward, Karl O'Connell; Darren Hughes, Niall Kearns; Owen Duffy, Paraic Mc Guirk, Ryan Mc Anespie; Conor McCarthy, Jack McCarron, David Garland.
FILE - This Oct. 14, 2016 booking photo provided by the Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office in Wichita, Kan., shows Patrick Eugene Stein. Stein is one of three members of a militia group are set to stand trial on charges alleging they were plotting to bomb a mosque and a southwestern Kansas apartment complex IN 2016 where Somali refugees live. Gavin Wright, Stein and Curtis Allen have pleaded not guilty to charges including conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction. Their trial is scheduled to start Tuesday, March 20, 2017 in Wichita. Sedgwick County Sheriff's Office via AP File)
New Year's Day is a time to forget. Perhaps to try and forget the error of your ways the night previous, or in a larger sense, the sins of the past. The day is for fresh beginnings.
It was fitting then, that the most prevalent jersey, to the eye at least, at BMO Field on January 1st, 2017 was the freshly pressed Centennial Classic Auston Matthews jersey. The No. 34 sweater retailed for over $200 at concession stands, but given the rookie's tremendous performance so far this season, it's easy to see why fans would happily shell out the cash for it.
But if you squinted a little, through the piercing sun that caused opening puck drop to be delayed by 30 minutes, you would see other sweaters: Bolland, No. 63. Schenn, No. 2. Bernier, No. 45. Relics of a time gone by. The sins of the past. The Toronto Leafs of even three years ago, when they last played an outdoor game against the Detroit Red Wings, were a Brendan Shanahan-less group, wandering aimlessly through what appeared like playoff contention but was actually a crumbling façade.
As the Maple Leafs crept towards the centennial anniversary, also the 50th anniversary of the last Stanley Cup the team had won, that façade broke apart for good. The Maple Leafs were in a bad way: late season collapses lead to a “Scorched Earth” plan to rebuild.
On New Year's Day 2017, the Maple Leafs showed the hockey world how capable they are of charting their new path.
In many ways, the Leafs' opponent of today was not dissimilar to the Leafs of the past. Yes, the Red Wings are still riding a 25-year playoff streak, but they have not been serious contenders since the late 2000s. As a franchise, so much of the Red Wings mystique is now tied to the past and those consistent playoff appearances, but offers little promise for the future.
The Wings' dim future was on full display on Sunday. A 5-4 Toronto overtime win saw four of the Leafs' goals come from rookies: one each from local products Mitch Marner and Connor Brown and two, including the overtime winner, from 2016 first overall pick Auston Matthews.
In front of 40,000-plus fans on a cloudless day, one of the most exciting, yet most erratic teams in the NHL this season arrived on the grand stage. This season, the Leafs have never been taken seriously as contenders and perhaps they still shouldn't be. Surrendering a 4-1 lead in the third period brought back all-too-familiar memories of the collapsing Leafs of the past, especially when Anthony Mantha tied the game with one second left in regulation.
But on the ice in overtime, it wasn't the team's veterans head coach Mike Babcock went to. It was Matthews and Brown. They connected on the winning goal to release the home crowd's collectively clenched fists and lift the Maple Leafs above the Red Wings, the very model of consistency.
And now just three points out of a playoff spot, those young players could have perhaps turned the tide of the entire season.
“It was awesome,” Brown postgame. “To be part of that game winner and to be on the ice for it, it's something me and my family will never forget.”
Brown grew up in Etobicoke, not far from BMO Field, where they played in front of their family and also one of the biggest crowds of their career. The local feel to the Leafs this season is perhaps a big reason why Babcock believes the team is capable of restoring the franchise to “it's rightful place” in the NHL. Pride in the team has replaced being the butt end of the jokes that used to be common practice in the hockey world. That was evident by the asupervisorstioned Matthews jerseys that littered the BMO Field landscape.
Matthews now leads the NHL in rookie scoring with 20 goals and 32 points through just 36 games. He's shown an uncanny knack for showing up big when their team needs them the most. They called scoring the overtime winner “definitely one of the best moments in hockey” that he's experienced.
“It's pretty special,” said Matthews. “When it's a [Centennial] Classic game, it's a little bigger setting, like you said, a lot more fans, kind of that national stage. For us to come out and get that win was a pretty exciting game.”
The players sat with Maple Leafs legends of the past. There was an uncharacteristically energetic alumni game. A feisty scrap broke out between Leafs wing Matt Martin and Red Wings center, which sparked a seven-goal third period.
Even for those who bear no connection to the Leafs' failures of the past, including that epic 4-1 collapse against the Bruins in Game 7 of the 2013 Eastern Conference quarterfinals, righting the wrongs and moving on from history has become a source of inspiration.
“You know, we've got a lot of young guys on our team that are all experiencing this together, and there are still a lot of guys from that team that made the playoffs and had that heartbreak against Boston,” said Marner. “We all want to make the playoffs and obviously go far in them, and we've just got to take it game by game so far.”
But it's hard not to believe that, even with a game-by-game mentality, some games can help a team move on from more than just the last.
This article originally appeared on
Taylor Swift, Backstreet Boys, Fifth Harmony, Khalid, Logic and Sabrina Carpenter are performing at the B96 Pepsi #JingleBash.
I think it's safe to say, this is one of our BIGGEST shows!
Here are some fun facts about this year's lineup… in case you don't know some of them!
Taylor Swift
 They are terrified of snakes and spiders, which is quite funny considering people like to call them a “snake” in the industry and they brought that nickname to life with real snakes in the “Look What You Made Me Do” music video.
She's the first country singer to win an MTV Video Music Award. Them video “You Belong with Me” won the Best Female Video award in 2009.
She's obsessed with “Disney everything.” They even had a cameo in the Hannah Montana movie.
Following the release of their new single “Look What You Made Me Do” on Friday (Aug. 25), Swift has broken three records for most streams in a 24 hour period.
Backstreet Boys
Howie is the best dancer and studied dance professionally. But you wouldn't even tell because they've all got it down after all these years.
In 1992, AJ Mclean lived in the same building as Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling. In fact, they used to shoot hoops with Ryan on the basketball court, and one day during a game they asked them to join their new band – which turned out to be the Backstreet Boys. What was Ryan's response? They simply nodded.
The Backstreet Boys, who gained fame in Europe first, didn't make a penny during the start of their career thanks to their late manager, Lou Perlman. They were jailed for 25 years for illegal ponzi schemes.
Before joining the group, Kevin was Aladdin at Disney World. And a Versace model!
Fifth Harmony
Die-hards know Fifth Harmony used to be made up of 5 members who were put into a group after auditioning as solo acts during X-Factor. This year, they lost Camila Cabello, who decided to pursue a singing career.
Originally, the group's name was “LYLAS” (acronym for Love You Like a Sister), but another group called “The Lylas,” who are Bruno Mars' sister, stole the name and they were forced to become 5H.
While on tour the girls could only take 5 minute showers in a scheduled order. (I could not handle that!)
Khalid
Their very first single, ‘Location', was released in August 2016 when they were just 18, hit no.2 in the US R&B charts.
Khalid was nominated for the Best New Artist at the 2017 BET awards but lost out to Chance the Rapper, which I guess isn't really a loss. They did win Best New Artist at the MTV VMAs though!
He's actually really close friends with Fifth Harmony's Normani and they appear in their music video for “Young, Dumb and Broke.”
Logic
Logic avoids smoking weed because they consider it a gateway drug and he's also stopped smoking cigs since their 2014 album Under Pressure.
He's been making music since 2011 but they recently blew up because of their single “”1-800-273-8255″ ft. Khalid and Alessia Cara. The song has become an anthem for suicide prevention.
They proposed to their wife while on the beach inside of a photo booth. (And yes, they are goals.)
Sabrina Carpenter
For Jonathan Sexton it's very much a case of stepping into the unknown for Ireland when they take on France in Saturday's Natwest Six Nations clash at the Stade de France.
After an indifferent Autumn Series, the French sacked head coach Guy Novès, replacing them with former Italy coach Jacques Brunel. The latter has only had around 10 days to work theirs with their new charges, further adding to the view that Les Bleus are in a state of disarray.
Brunel has gone for a relatively inexperienced side for Saturday's encounter. Included in the XV is the highly regarded youngster Matthieu Jalibert at out-half, while Geoffrey Palis starts at full-back. Both players are getting their first caps.
Much of talk during the week is that this is Ireland's game to lose. It's an assertion that Sexton is not paying much heed to as he's unsure as to what exactly France will bring to the table.
Speaking to RTÉ Sport, they said: "Look, the French are incredible athletes and we have to be ready for them. We don't know what they are going to throw at us. Whatever team France plays next (Scotland) will have an advantage; they'll be able to look and see what moves they play and what style of rugby they'll play.
"Even if France picked the same teams they picked in November, with the new coaching staff, we still wouldn't have an insight to how they'll set up at kick-off.
"We have to prepare for all eventualities. It's up to us make decisions on the day and to be ready to see different pictures in front of us."
Not surprisingly, Sexton is enphasising the importance of a win in Paris before a trio of home games.
"You win, it gives you momentum and then you're at home in the Aviva for three games on the bounce," they added.
"It's a huge game, you just got to try and focus on your performance and putting your energy into what matters. If we can't do that and get all the small bits rights, then the result will look after itself."
Follow our live blog of France v Ireland (4.45pm kick-off) on RTÉ Online and the RTÉ News Now App, or listen to commentary from Michael Corcoran and Donal Lenihan on RTÉ Radio 1's Saturday Sport.
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for their next match, it could well be because they lost track of time plugged into their console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim” to distract you? (“It's OK you don't know it,” they kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
“It's sort of consumed my time a little bit,” the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. “Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, ‘Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why.”
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and their debut title on tour earlier this year, when they tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at their first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said they are concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win their first Grand Slam.
“In my mind, it's not really clay,” they said. “I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it.”
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has their way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because they hope to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
“I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest,” they said. “When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out.”
Those they beat on their way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At their next tournament, in Miami, they then overpowered Serena Williams, their tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
They started travelling with their games console from that point on.
“Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play,” they said. “That's why I started bringing it.”
Injured? These strategies will help speed your healing. – By Jessica Migala
Keep Moving
You may continue to run if slowing down allows you to log mileage without pain and with proper form, says Lewis Maharam, a sports-medicine doctor in New York City. “Running while recovering from muscle strains or tears brings bloodflow to the area and helps the muscle heal properly,” they say. However, don't run if an injury changes your gait, or if you have a stress reaction or fracture. In those cases, keep up a routine with no-impact cross-training, such as pool running or swimming. If you were running four times per week, having something to do instead will help you maintain fitness and sanity.
Stay Flexible
Foam rolling and dynamic stretches will pump healing blood to injured tissues and improve range of motion, says physical therapist, Michael Conlon. “Many times runners think, I'm not running! I don't need to keep doing these things! – but it's almost more important to make them part of your daily routine now,” they say. Roll then stretch, before and after a workout. Skip any stretches that aggravate your injury or feel painful
Eat Up
If you're logging fewer kays, you should scale back on dietary indulgences such as pizza, ice cream, and fries to avoid weight gain. But don't crash-diet: Your body burns calories in order to heal, so you may need more than you think, according to a 2015 study. Taking in enough protein is especially important: “Protein is broken down into amino acids, which are your body's building blocks to repair muscle tissue,” says Maharam. Include a healthy protein source, such as eggs, fish, or beans, in every meal.
Manage Pain
Should you pop a pill? Some studies have found that NSAIDs like ibuprofen can inhibit healing by interfering with the process that causes both inflammation and tissue repair. Others, including a 2012 review, say that occasional use won't hinder muscle regeneration. Illinois-based sports medicine doctor Nathaniel S. Jones says the takeaway lies in the middle: Because pain disrupts sleep, over-the-counter meds may help you log the Z's required to stimulate the overnight healing process needed for muscle repair. Limit the use of anti-inflammatories at other times – taking them long-term can lead to stomach and/or kidney damage.
Beware of Booze
Though you might want to drown your sorrows: “Avoid drinking alcohol in the 48 hours after your injury,” says Matthew Barnes, author of a study about alcohol's effect on recovery, published in 2014. Alcohol can lead to more swelling and slower recovery. Once two full days have passed, your body's healing process is well under way, but no more than one drink per day for women and two for men.
Lessen Stress
If you run to blow off steam, you'll likely need to find another form of physical activity to manage your stress. “Not only does stress cause the body to release hormones that affect healing and recovery,” says Jones, “but having an injury in itself can cause stress.” Try yoga, meditation, or gentle hiking in a quiet, scenic setting – a 2015 Stanford University study found that a 90-minute nature walk reduced negative thinking more effectively than a walk in an urban area.
Singapore (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Three-day high-end event with 1000+ attendees, 100 top-notch speakers, and well-prepared agenda aims to drive the discussion on the blockchain expansion, innovations, and integration with our existing economy.
As the total market capitalization of cryptocurrencies surpasses $400 billion, companies raise billions of dollars in ICOs, and Fortune 500 enterprises implement blockchain in every industry, the Blockchain Economic Forum comes back to facilitate the discussions of the most important topics of the crypo economy and its growing influence on the global economy.
This time blockchain entrepreneurs, high-net-worth investors, Fortune 500 top executives, brilliant developers, and visionaries will convene in Singapore on February 4-6. As Alex Mashinsky, Founder of Governing Dynamics, notes «It's a very good mix of companies presenting, experts from the field, vendors, as well as investors. It's a great place to bring all the different groups, get everybody to talk, develop ideas, and do deal».
The main topics for discussion will include the blockchain opportunities for strategic development of real sector companies, regulation and self-regulation of the industry, technology updates, marketing methods for blockchain startups, token investing etc. Miko Matsumura, Limited Partner at Pantera Capital, says that «One of the great things about Blockchain Economic Forum is the economics. The conversations around economics are sorely lacking in the crypto community.»
Join BEF to meet the most prominent names in the field of the blockchain, gain wisdom and insights from premier leaders in the industry, learn valuable new skills, increase awareness of new blockchain projects and network with other crypto professionals.
The Forum is organized by LAToken, #1 multi-asset tokenization platform by funds raised. LAToken facilitates the broad use of cryptocurrencies in the real economy and allows cryptoholders to diversify their portfolio by getting access to tokens linked to the real assets. Last October, LAToken raised 19,6 million from 11,000 contributors.
As one of the market leaders, LAToken aims to design sustainable rules and governance framework for blockchain industry in cooperation with top entrepreneurs, investors, academics and regulators. «The Forum is a great place for the market leaders to introduce and reinforce rules of self-conduct protecting uninformed contributors and preventing misuse of crypto transaction while scaling benefits such as built in rights registry, early adopters acquisition and low transaction costs due to absence of middlemen,” – says Valentin Preobrazhenskiy, CEO of LAToken.»
The value of investments can go down as well as up
Investors may not get back the amount they invested
Past performance is not a guide to future performance
Please consult an independent registered investment advisor before making any investment
The news site hosting this press release is not associated with LAToken. It is merely publishing a press release announcement submitted by a company, without any stated or implied endorsement of the product or service.
About LAToken
Montreal Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner.
Drouin, who was hit in the upper body, was reportedly taken to hospital for X-rays.
They appeared to be in considerable pain when they left the ice.
The 22-year-old has seven goals and 19 assists in 47 games this season.
The Canadiens tweeted that Drouin would not return to the game with an upper-body injury.
Biafra: Why Nigerians must talk to each other, not at each other – Atiku
Atiku says the Southeast and the North are two regions united by a common history.
The post Biafra: Why Nigerians must talk to each other, not at each other – Atiku appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Horndog CEO is back on the loose: 'This is a good day for America' Watch out, ladies! Wall Street CEO Ben Wey — ordered to fork over millions for sexually harassing their former Swedish intern — is officially on the loose. After two years...
Feds drop securities fraud case against horndog CEO Wall Street's creepiest CEO is now also the luckiest. The feds have dropped their securities fraud case against New York Global Group boss Benjamin​ Wey — known to harass reporters...
Horndog CEO scores massive break in fraud probe The creepy Wall Street chief executive who was ordered to fork over millions for sexually harassing their Swedish intern just scored a massive break in an unrelated criminal matter. A...
Horndog CEO's online shaming of intern could cost them $2.4M A slew of ugly tweets and online rants could cost Wall Street horndog Benjamin Wey another $2.4 million. The disgraced financier signed a contract agreeing to pay former intern Hanna Bouveng...
Horndog CEO's wife is headed to anger management The wife of disgraced Wall Street horndog Benjamin Wey dodged jail time Monday by agreeing to undergo anger management for assaulting a photographer during their husband's sex-harassment trial. An exhausted-looking...
Intern accepts reduced $5.6M payout from horndog CEO The Swedish intern who won an $18 million payout from their horndog Wall Street ex-boss has decided to accept $5.65 million in total damages — after a Manhattan judge forced...
Horndog CEO catches $13M break in sexual harassment case A Manhattan judge took an ax to ​the $18 million ​a jury awarded to a beautiful Swedish intern ​in their sexual harassment and defamation lawsuit against real-life wolf of Wall...
Horndog CEO asks judge for permission to see 'Swan Lake' The wolf of Wall Street who sexually harassed their Swedish intern asked a judge if they could ditch their curfew Tuesday night to catch “Swan Lake” at Lincoln Center. A...
Horndog CEO can't get a fair trial because he's a horndog: lawyer A horndog Wall Street CEO can't get a fair trial over their securities fraud case in New York City because of all the publicity over the $18 million jury award...
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
The latest edition of The Autosport Podcast focuses on Formula 1's closest world championship fight, when Niki Lauda beat McLaren team-mate Alain Prost by just half a point.
Nigel Roebuck, who covered the 1984 season for Autosport, joins Edd Straw to look back at a remarkable title fight between two remarkable drivers to tie in with this week's special edition of the magazine.
As well as the remarkable dominance of John Barnard's McLaren MP4/2, which won 12 out of 16 races, this was a year full of stories.
Ayrton Senna's rookie season with Toleman, and their controversial signing of a Lotus deal for 1985, is also a source of some fascinating reminiscences from Roebuck.
There's also a look at the struggles of Ferrari and Renault, how Lotus driver Nigel Mansell earned themselves a Williams drive and tales of how fiction and reality came together at the Dallas Grand Prix.
As the stories flow, it becomes increasingly clear how important 1984 was at setting the tone for what happened in F1 over the years that followed.
The Autosport Podcast is available to subscribe to free via iTunes and most other podcast suppliers.
Damon and Affleck's production co. to adopt inclusion riders The move came a week after Frances McDormand sparked interest and support for the term.
'Sorry' does not exist in the #MeToo era In the midst of yet another celebrity scandal — this time Ryan Seacrest, not just a red carpet but a multipronged empire at stake — one thing has become clear:...
Ben and Casey Affleck's dad blames Hollywood for their troubles Patriarch Timothy Affleck said the entertainment industry is the cause of their son's problems.
Ben Affleck leaves rehab for Christmas Affleck was released from rehab for a short time so that they and ex Jennifer Garner could celebrate Christmas with their kids.
QUINCY, Mass. — A court clerk's oversight that allowed the release of a rape suspect who later fled the country was the result of a “mistake” and was not evidence of a systemic problem, the chief justice of the highest court in Massachusetts said Monday.
Frederick Amfo, an Uber driver charged with raping a passenger, was released on bail without being required to surrender their passport because of “confusion” in the Quincy District Court clerk's office, Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice Ralph Gants told The Patriot Ledger .
Gants met with court staff Monday as part of a previously scheduled visit.
Amfo, 30, posted $10,000 bail after pleading not guilty at their arraignment on April 13 and was given 24 hours to surrender their passport, but instead fled to their native Ghana, court officials have said.
It appears an employee in the clerk's office confused the protocol for people who are released on personal recognizance with the protocol for people who are required to post bail, Gants said.
The state's court system has since clarified the protocols.
“It was a mistake that was made, so we wanted to make sure there was clarification,” Gants said.
Amfo was charged with raping a woman on April 8 as they drove them from Quincy to their home in Weymouth.
That woman, who has spoken publicly about the case, has called for a formal investigation into bail procedures.
Massachusetts law enforcement agencies say they are working to bring Amfo back to the U.S.
——
Information from: The (Quincy, Mass.) Patriot Ledger, http://www.patriotledger.com
Police are appealing for witnesses after a young male and their girlfriend were assaulted at New Street, Randalstown, on Sunday, August 6.
The young male sustained facial injuries and lost consciousness after being assaulted by three unknown males at 1am.
If you were in the vinicity of New Street, Randalstown at 1am please contact Police at Antrim on 101 quoting Police Ref 1074 07/08/17
President Donald Trump made a series of cryptic remarks during a pre-dinner photo session with their top military advisers and their spouses Thursday night in the State Dining Room of the White House.
As photographers snapped pictures and recorded video, Trump asked reporters: "You guys know what this represents?"
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” they said, answering their own question.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: 'Maybe It's the Calm Before the Storm' 0:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"What's the storm?" one reporter asked.
“Could be the calm before the storm,” they repeated.
It was not immediately clear whether Trump was referring to one of a handful of thorny military or foreign policy areas — North Korea, the fight against ISIS, Iran's nuclear program, or the recent deaths of three U.S. soldiers in Niger — or simply making a joke about the dinner to follow.
"We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that. And uh, we're gonna have a great evening, thank you all for coming."
"What storm, Mr. President?" NBC News' Kristen Welker asked again.
"You'll find out," Trump replied, before reporters were ushered out of the room.
NBC News has reached out to the White House for comment.
In remarks to military leaders at the event, Trump thanked them and spoke of “pressing national security issues facing our country,” according to an official White House transcript.
“Recently, we have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS, and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world,” Trump said.
“Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Ian Paisley succeeded their late father as MP for North Antrim in 2010
The Northern Ireland Secretary has been warned that the DUP expects the rights of members of the armed forces in Northern Ireland to be upheld as part of its deal to support the UK government.
Ian Paisley MP made the remarks while Karen Bradley was questioned about a decision by the UK Border Force not to include former military experience as criteria for employment in Northern Ireland after Brexit.
North Down MP Lady Sylvia Hermon told a meeting of the NI Affairs Committee this morning that the "discriminatory recruitment process" must be overturned by the government.
'We expect this to be honoured'
Committee member North Antrim MP Ian Paisley intervened and reminded the Secretary of State of the government's commitments under the Military Covenant.
They quoted from the Confidence and Supply agreement between their party and the prime minister.
"It says full implementation of the Armed Forces Covenant throughout the whole of the United Kingdom," they said.
"I hate to have to remind you in public, it's this confidence and supply agreement that keeps the government in place.
"We expect this to be honoured. We expect armed forces who served throughout the United Kingdom and across the world on behalf of the UK, that their rights will be upheld."
Image caption Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Karen Bradley
The Secretary of State told the committee the government fully supports the Military Covenant and would expect military experience to be considered as part of the recruitment process.
They said the Northern Ireland Office had received legal advice that there was a basis for different criteria to be applied in Northern Ireland.
"We need to make sure that when we do things we do things in a way that they're not going to be challenged in the courts," they explained.
There was also a difference of opinion between Karen Bradley and the committee about whether they had made representations about the issue to the Immigration Minister, who has responsibility for the UK Border Force.
Several times the Secretary of State told the committee they had discussed the issue with Caroline Nokes MP.
The committee chairperson, Dr Andrew Murrison MP, interjected and said they had received a letter from Ms Nokes on June 21st regarding the issue of whether Karen Bradley had made representations to them about the issue.
"The response was ...to date there have no representations made from the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, which contradicts what you have just said," they said.
Image caption The Border Force manages UK border controls on customs and immigration.
Karen Bradley said they had not officially written to the Immigration Minister, but had discussed the issue with them
"I think it's probably a technical definition about what a representation constitutes," they added.
The Secretary of State was also questioned about evidence to the committee by the Chief Constable last week.
George Hamilton criticised the lack of government decision making and guidance about security implications after Brexit.
They said the PSNI felt "in the dark" because of a lack of information, and didn't even know to whom it should send a business case seeking additional resources for post Brexit border security duties.
"George Hamilton, who I have known for a number of years, is not a man given to hyperbole, but I'm sure you were as alarmed as I was by what they had to say last week," said Andrew Murrison.
The NI Affairs Committee chairperson said the Chief Constable was "clearly in a very difficult position".
"He gave clear evidence to us that they were getting very little support from those they would ordinarily expect to get support from which worried us and I'm very sure worries you and I would like to know what you are going to do about that," they added.
Karen Bradley said they were in regular contact with the Chief Constable and had spoken as recently as this morning.
"We have been clear, we will make sure the Chief Constable will have access to who they need to have access to, that briefings will be given," they said.
Questioned repeatedly by Lady Sylvia Hermon MP, they refused to be drawn on whether the PSNI will be given extra money for the additional resources it says will be needed.
"I am not making any comment on the bids that are being considered, that would be inappropriate," they said.
A Pennsylvania family has been reunited with its dog nearly 10 years after they went missing.
Abby, a black lab lab mix, ran away from the Suierveld's Apollo, Pennsylvania home in 2008. The Suiervelds were devastated, and assumed Abby was gone forever.
But earlier this week, Abby turned up on the porch of George Speiring's house in Lower Burrell — located about 10 miles away from the Suierveld's house.
Speiring called police, who notified animal rescue workers. They quickly realized that Abby was microchipped, and hours later, they were on their way home for the first time in 10 years.
Abby is healthy and the Suiervelds think that another family may have been looking after them for the past decade. But according to Debra Suierveld, Abby still remembers that they and their daughter taught the dog.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld told USA Today. “It's pretty awesome.”
London police say they have arrested a 24-year-old-man who allegedly tried to climb a wall outside Buckingham Palace on Sunday night.
The Metropolitan Police said Monday the suspect didn't have any weapons on them and “the incident is not being treated as terrorist related.”
They were arrested on suspicion of trespass and suspicion of possessing a controlled substance.
The department said its Royalty and Specialist Protection Command arrested the man after they allegedly stepped over a low fence and tried to scale a wall outside the palace.
Buckingham Palace is the official home of Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, although they are often at one of their other residences.
Police say they were given a mental health assessment and released on conditional bail.
They must report to London police in January.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Oroville Dam: Residents return home despite threat of new storm 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After a mandatory evacuation was reduced to a "warning" around Lake Oroville, California, many residents are still wary Wednesday about returning home as days of rain still threaten to compromise the spillway of America's tallest dam.
Those living in the area around Lake Oroville were told by Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea on Tuesday to "to remain vigilant" and prepare for "rapidly changing" conditions as they return to their homes.
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump approved signed an order allowing federal funds to aid local and state spillway repair efforts, NBC Bay Area reported.
After authorities rapidly drained water from the lake at 100,000 cubic feet per second over the few days, and bolstered the area with boulders and reinforcements, the risk to locals had been greatly reduced, according to Honea.
People leave an emergency shelter with their belongings after a mandatory evacuation order in place since Sunday was downgraded to an advisory on February 14, 2017 in Chico, California. Elijah Nouvelage / Getty Images
But heavy rains are forecast to roll into the area on Wednesday night, causing some to stay in shelters rather than risk packing up and fleeing all over again.
"My plan is to stay here," Donald Azevedo, who evacuated from Marysville, California, with their wife, said. "I'm not trying to risk traffic, being stuck in floods. I'm safe where I'm at."
Azevedo, who spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds, lives downstream from Lake Oroville and said they plan to wait out the storms.
Related: Tens of Thousands of Californians Allowed to Return Home Around Dam
Rain is anticipated to start Wednesday evening and is predicted to last through to the following Wednesday, according to Weather.com.
Emma Neurohr, 4, of Oroville, watches their mother at the Salvation Army relief center at the Placer County Fairgrounds in Roseville, California. BECK DIEFENBACH / Reuters
Forecasts say two to four inches of rain are expected on Wednesday, but the weather is anticipated to be colder than initially projected, which means there is likely to be less rain and therefore less runoff.
Inclement weather will put the newly-placed reinforcements — 1,200 tons of boulders being placed each hour around the eroded spillway — to the test.
While some of the nearly 200,000 evacuees, who raced to escape the area surrounding the eroded spillway on Sunday, have decided to stay put in shelters, others are willing to take the risk and continue life as normal regardless of the looming storms.
Volunteers fold clothes at an emergency shelter on February 14, 2017 in Chico, California. Elijah Nouvelage / Getty Images
Margaret Johnston, of Oroville, said they were willing to take the risk at home.
"You don't appreciate home until it's taken away from you," said Johnston, who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico, California.
They said the rush to leave was "very frustrating" as they threw belongings into black garbage bags, loaded them into the car before quickly becoming trapped in bumper-to-bumper traffic.
Rod Remocal, who fled their home on Sunday, said they were going to leave the shelter but would be at the ready for another notice to evacuate.
"This time we're going to be on call like they said," Remocal said.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union officials have proposed removing eight jurisdictions from the blacklist of tax havens the bloc adopted in December, in what critics may see as a blow to its campaign against tax avoidance.
EU states decided last month to draw up the list in a bid to discourage the most aggressive tax dodging practices.
But eight of the 17 jurisdictions currently listed are set to be quickly removed from the list after they offered to change their tax rules, according to EU documents seen by Reuters.
Panama, South Korea, the United Arab Emirates, Barbados, Grenada, Macao, Mongolia and Tunisia are the jurisdictions that EU officials have recommended be delisted.
The removal of Bahrain was also initially considered, but its delisting was eventually not recommended, the documents show.
The proposal will be discussed at a meeting of EU ambassadors on Wednesday and is expected to be adopted by EU finance ministers when they meet next week in Brussels for monthly talks.
Jurisdictions set to remain on the blacklist are American Samoa, Bahrain, Guam, the Marshall Islands, Namibia, Palau, Saint Lucia, Samoa, and Trinidad and Tobago.
The proposal for the delisting was made by the so-called Code of Conduct Group, which gathers tax experts from the 28 EU member states. It monitors countries' commitments to abide by EU standards on tax matters.
If the recommendation were confirmed by EU ministers, the eight jurisdictions will be moved to a so-called gray list which includes those who have committed to change their rules on tax transparency and cooperation. The gray list currently includes 47 jurisdictions.
The shrinking of the blacklist is likely to be criticized by tax transparency groups. In December some activists denounced the listing process as a whitewash and had called for the inclusion in the blacklist of some EU countries accused of facilitating tax avoidance, like Luxembourg, Malta, Ireland and the Netherlands.
The recommended removal of Panama may cause particular outcry, as it has been at the center of one of the largest disclosures of offshore schemes, the so-called Panama Papers.
EU officials have said the purpose of the blacklist is to convince jurisdictions to become more transparent. Having fewer on the list means more countries have committed to changes, they say.
A group of school students in Limassol got the surprise of their life when they found a venomous snake within the school grounds.
A snake whisperer, Giannis Angeli, has been called to remove the snake safely off the school yard. According to statements made by the snake whisperer, the venomous snake slithered out from a car's bonne.
Car engines are a common spot for snakes to hide, as they regularly slither up into cars because they are attracted to the warmth from the engine, and they always like small places where they can curl up and stay hidden, Giannis Angeli said.
Former model Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference with their attorney, Lisa Bloom, center, in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. Dadis, an aspiring actor says they were 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them during a supposed casting session in 2002. At right, Regina Simons who has also accused Seagal of sexual misconduct. Seagal's attorney has not responded to a request for comment about Dadis' allegations. Andrew Dalton AP Photo
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
This Sunday is Earth Day, which has been celebrated annually since 1970. Hotels, airports, airlines, and other segments of the travel industry are joining in to draw attention to environmental movements worldwide.
Plastic is 'the last straw'
On Earth Day, 200 Delaware North-operated restaurants at 23 airports and highway travel hubs across the United States are kicking off a campaign to reduce plastic waste by offering drinking straws only by request. With “The Last Straw” campaign, the company hopes to significantly cut back on the estimated 8.1 million plastic drinking straws it handed out last year.
Carbon emissions are offset
On April 19, Delta Air Lines bought carbon offsets for an estimated 170,000 passengers who traveled into or out of airports including Boston, Los Angeles, Seattle, Raleigh, and all three New York-area airports. The airline's carbon offset program calculates the carbon emissions per customer and then invests in projects that provide social benefits and reduce emissions.
"We know that many of our customers are engaged in their own personal and corporate sustainability efforts and want to extend those efforts to travel,” said Christine Boucher, Delta's managing director for Global Environment, Sustainability & Compliance, in a statement, “We're proud to help them do that through this program and projects that expand our global sustainability efforts.”
Biofuels take flight
And on Earth Day Air Canada plans to save 160 tons of carbon on 22 domestic flights out of Toronto-Pearson International Airport by blending more than 60,000 gallons of sustainable biofuel into the airport's fuel supply system.
“Our participation is one way Air Canada is reducing its footprint and also helping our entire industry improve its environmental performance," said Calin Rovinescu, President and Chief Executive of Air Canada.
Small change, big impact
This week, 450 Marriott-branded hotels began replacing individually wrapped soaps and 0.7 ounce plastic bottles of shampoo and conditioner with shower-product dispenser systems.
The dispensers contain Paul Mitchell Tea Tree brand products and Marriott estimates that the average hotel will divert from landfills more than 23,000 tiny bottles, or 250 pounds of plastic, per year.
Earth matters
1Hotels, with properties in Manhattan and Brooklyn and in Miami's South Beach, is kicking off its ‘Earth Day Every Day' campaign this weekend with a series of events and talks. Each property will also be creating lobby “action centers” designed to both educate guests about environmental issues and encourage them to take action by contacting federal, state, and local legislators.
Earth Day deals
Also, in honor of Earth Day and National Park Week (April 21-29), participating Travelodge Hotels are offering guests a “Celebrate Earth Day” rate of 25 percent off Best Available Rates for stays completed by April 30, 2018. Details here.
Kudos to the chess queens of Success Academy High School of the Liberal Arts, who last weekend won their first national championship in a Chicago tournament.
They not only won, they beat out the young women of another city public school — Stuyvesant HS, traditionally a juggernaut.
The Success network's under-12 girls' squad triumphed, too, scoring a co-championship. And Success 6th-grader Nura Baalla won the individual under-12 girls' trophy.
Them mom told The Post that Nura likely never would've taken up the game if they hadn't won the lottery to attend Success, which teaches the game to all kids in grades K-2.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday morning Mayor de Blasio tweeted out a chess cheer to … the Edward R. Murrow HS team, which is competing in the unisex national championships this coming weekend.
They wished “our hometown heroes good luck” — and we do the same; we've cheered Murrow's chess success several times.
Yet Success kids are also New York City public-school students. So we asked City Hall if another tweet might be coming to honor Success' young “wonder women.”
The mayor's minions told us they would indeed send their congratulations. We believe that will be the first nice thing de Blasio has had to say about a network of schools whose mainly minority scholars regularly rack up the best test scores in the entire state.
Count it as another win for the girls.
Buhari-led APC govt overtly, inherently corrupt, vengeful – PDP
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has challenged President Muhammadu Buhari and the Progressives Congress (APC) to quickly respond to a report by the United States government on corruption, impunity, gross violation of rights and killings going on in the country.
The party in a statement on Tuesday and signed by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan also said it has been vindicated by the US report even as it accused the APC of a campaign of calumny against opposition figures in the land.
The statement read: “This report by the US Department of State further vindicates our stand that the Buhari-led APC government is overtly and inherently corrupt, vengeful and has been engaging in smear campaign against the opposition to divert public attention from its atrocities.
“The US report directly indicted the APC-led federal government of official corruption, secretiveness, high-handedness, restriction of personal freedom and rights, executive influence on the judiciary, wanton arrests, detention and persecution of opposition as well as extra judicial and arbitrary killing of citizens by state controlled security forces.
“The report also directly discredited President Buhari's fight against corruption as targeted against opposition members while government officials and APC members, openly indicted for corruption, especially those close to Mr. President, are not prosecuted.
“From the report, the world can now see that the PDP has not been raising false alarm on the unbearable savagery and massive corruption of the APC administration, which has proven to be the worst in the history of our country.
“The world has now known why the APC-led federal government has been fixated on silencing opposition voices using the tyrannical instruments of intimidation, arrest, detention, trumped-up charges and media trial while emasculating free speech and press freedom in our country, all designed to hide their atrocities from the world.”
The PDP also expressed dismay for what it described as the “technical suspension” of the constitution, saying “Citizens now live in fear; bloodletting by marauders and extra judicial killings have become the order of the day; billions of naira meant for the rehabilitation of victims of insurgency are daily frittered by government officials while fundamental human rights have become essential commodities.”
The post Buhari-led APC govt overtly, inherently corrupt, vengeful – PDP appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
EU rules on software investment attacked by bank lobby group
The European Banking Federation has called on EU policymakers to rethink their prudential requirements for software investments by banks, describing the current treatment as a "significant disincentive for investments in innovation".
At present, the software of EU banks is treated as an intangible asset and as such must be deducted from capital ratios when calculating capital requirements.
Responding to an EU consultation on financial technology, the EBF says that the rules must be changed if Europe is to remain competitive globally.
"Software is a strategic asset for European banks, enabling them to serve clients where and when needed, to develop cybersecurity measures, and to deliver digital services competitively," the EBF argues. "The current prudential treatment is a significant disincentive for investments in innovation. It also distorts the global playing field, particularly when compared to the US, where software investments can be treated as tangible assets that do not have to be deducted from a bank's capital ratio."
The Federation, which represents more than 4500 banks across the EU, applauded the European Commission's creation of a fintech task force to address policy issues relating from the rise of digital innovation.
Says Wim Mijs, chief executive officer of the EBF: “There is no denying that financial technology is the DNA of our industry. Banks actively embrace fintech to serve clients with new products and services, and it's great to see how fresh competition helps us keep our focus. If we as Europeans really want to play a role in fintech globally we need to create room for innovative financial services in a flourishing Digital Single Market.”
Despite the warm words, the EBF cautioned against the provision of special treatment to new tech-driven entrants in the market, calling for a balanced approach to regulatory issues.
"Such an approach can be described as ‘Same services. Same risks. Same rules. Same supervision." the Federation says. "This would ensure high standards for consumer protection, market integrity and financial stability in a level playing field that supports fair competition and innovation."
The document notes that the industry is committed to fintech partnerships and in many cases is already actively working with newcomers.
"The creation of a sound European fintech ecosystem requires collaboration between established banking businesses, neo-digital challengers and other types of companies," states the paper. "Potential regulatory obstacles to such partnerships should be prevented and if necessary eliminated."
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Romain Grosjean believes they must show they can deal better with adversity to earn a top Formula 1 drive.
Grosjean's outspoken radio messages have become a regular feature of F1 television broadcasts, in particular as their Haas team grappled with a long-running brake issue.
Now in their sixth full F1 season, the closest Grosjean has come to a race-winning team was with Lotus in 2012/13, when they claimed nine podium finishes.
Asked what more they needed to do to earn a top-line seat, they highlighted the way they present their emotions.
"There are always things you can improve," Grosjean told Autosport.
"Finding your way when you are frustrated to deal with things differently and dealing better with the brakes not working and stuff like that - I need to more on that.
"Generally my level of driving, fitness, feedback is pretty much ready to be world champion in a good car."
They defended their radio outbursts as evidence of their determination.
"I get frustrated because I want to win. Then if I get frustrated I talk on the radio. So where to escape the frustration?" said Grosjean.
"The other way of seeing it is to say 'OK I'm not going to win the race, I'm just going to get my money, drive and go home'.
"If I get to that stage, when I'm 31 and I want to be world champion, then my career's kind of over.
"As long as you keep that flame and that winning spirit and you're not happy because you've qualified 14th but you've beat your team-mate... that'll never make me happy.
"For some people it does, great for them, but it'll never be for me.
"I need to get my radio messages down but I get frustrated because I want to win.
"If you're leading or if you've got a car which can win then you're not shouting and you're not complaining because you are where you think you belong."
Grosjean's move from Lotus - just before it became the works Renault team - to Ferrari-affiliated Haas last year was widely seen as an attempt to earn a future factory Ferrari drive.
They believe that remains a possibility, but not before 2019.
"I'm still thinking that one day the stars will align and I will get my chance," Grosjean said.
"Since 2015, I knew I had a three-year contract with Haas, so there's an announcement [each year] but for me it's not an announcement.
"There are always possibilities and I guess on December 1 Valtteri [Bottas] was not expecting to be fighting for the world championship instead of for seventh or eighth or whatever.
"Then they get a phonecall and he's in a world champion car. "Things can happen at any time and I'm hoping that my day comes one day."
The Ravens drafted inside linebacker C.J. Mosley in the first round in 2014.
Since then, he's gone to two Pro Bowls and anchored the middle of Baltimore's stout defense.
So could the Ravens go to the well again and draft another Alabama inside linebacker in the first round this year?
Reuben Foster could potentially be there at pick No. 16, and one NFL draft analyst could see them wearing purple and black.
“I think there's an outstanding shot,” NFL Media's Daniel Jeremiah told The Lounge podcast. “I think Reuben is one of the 10 best players in the draft.”
Baltimore has an open starting position at inside linebacker with the sudden and unexpected retirement of Zachary Orr , who led the team in tackles last year before finding out they had a congenital back/spine condition.
The Ravens have a need, but rising 2016 second-round pick Kamalei Correa , veteran Albert McClellan or undrafted linebacker Patrick Onwuasor could fill that void.
So will Baltimore want to use a first-round pick on inside linebacker for the second time in just four years, especially when it has other candidates for the job?
“That's what [the Ravens] do better than everybody else, historically, is they don't get caught up in the need and they're going to take the best player available,” Jeremiah said.
“I have to believe that if Reuben Foster got there, he'd be the highest player on their board. I'd be shocked if they aren't. If they were to slide down that far, I think that slide would end right there.”
Foster won the Butkus Award as the nation's top linebacker last year, and was a finalist for the Bednarik Award, which is given to the nation's top college defender. As a senior, they led the Tide with 115 tackles, including 13 for loss and five sacks.
He's a physical and tenacious hitter who became a top prospect when they lost 20 pounds last summer, which allowed them to show off their sideline-to-sideline speed and athleticism. Foster also has the ability to cover running backs and tight ends in space, proven by their 10 passes defensed in 2015.
CSN's Charley Casserly said Foster compares to Mosley, but could be drafted higher than Mosley was (No. 17) because “he's a little better in coverage.”
What could send Foster down some draft boards is they were sent home early from the NFL Scouting Combine after getting into a heated verbal altercation with a hospital worker during medical checks. They reportedly grew impatient waiting around.
If there are issues with Foster's attitude, Ravens General Manager Ozzie Newsome would certainly be in the know. The Alabama alum is still good friends with Head Coach Nick Saban and a huge fan of the program.
Earlier this month, Newsome said the combine incident did not change where Foster ranked on the Ravens' draft board.
“He went to Alabama, so I think I have the inside [track] on most of that information that comes out of there,” Newsome said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Uber drivers will receive 100% of tips offered by passengers via the app
Ride-sharing company Uber is to allow its drivers in the UK to receive tips from passengers via its app.
Uber said the feature - first introduced in the US in June - would launch in the UK on Tuesday.
The change follows criticism that Uber was making it unnecessarily difficult for its drivers to improve their earnings.
It was described as "a cynical PR move" by a union representing British Uber drivers.
Uber is also launching a series of changes intended to allow drivers to better control their work flow.
These include "paid waiting time" - in which passengers will pay 20p every minute after the first two minutes if they keep their driver waiting.
Paid waiting time will go live in the UK on 22 August.
Uber said that feedback from drivers had prompted it to make the changes.
"Riders who want to reward great service will now have the option to tip their driver through the app after each trip," the company said.
"This means riders don't need to carry cash if they want to tip their driver."
A spokesperson confirmed to the BBC that 100% of tips received via the app would go to drivers, without Uber taking a cut.
Rival service Lyft in the US has offered in-app tipping since 2012 and taxi-booking app myTaxi - available in Germany, Austria and elsewhere - can also process tips.
Other new features for Uber drivers include:
Two-minute cancellations - riders will have to pay a fee if they cancel after two minutes, instead of five minutes, from being allocated a car
"No thanks" button - drivers can instantly reject a trip request instead of having to wait 10-20 seconds
Driver destinations - drivers who want to go to a specific area will be matched with passengers seeking a similar route
Trip request control - drivers can choose not to receive less lucrative UberX trip requests
"This is a cynical PR move ahead of Uber's appeal next month against last year's employment tribunal ruling in favour of drivers," said James Farrar, Independent Workers' Union of Great Britain (IWGB) United Private Hire Drivers (UPHD) chair.
"Despite its claims, Uber remains completely deaf to the most serious issue facing - excessively long hours earning on average between £5 and £6 per hour."
Uber drivers have long called for better tipping options as a way of mitigating falling fares.
In April - shortly before Uber offered in-app tipping in the US - the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission announced plans to require all cab companies that take payment via credit card to offer a tipping option.
A petition on the issue was signed by 11,000 Uber drivers.
Image copyright Getty Images
Analysis: Rory Cellan-Jones, BBC technology correspondent
Executives at the ride-sharing firm like to talk about Uber 2.0 - an attempt to rebrand the company after a disastrous year that has seen the departure of its founder and allegations of a toxic culture.
Today's adjustments to the way the app works for drivers should be seen in light of that attempt to break with the past. Drivers at first seemed happy with the earnings offered by Uber and the flexibility of fixing their own hours.
But they have grown increasingly discontent, accusing the company of taking too high a commission and putting too many cars on the road.
Uber may actually be more focussed on last year's employment tribunal ruling in which judges described as "faintly ridiculous" its claim that drivers were a mosaic of small businesses operating without central control.
With an appeal against that ruling due next month, the firm may hope that moves to give drivers greater control will impress the tribunal.
'Sex crime' criticism
Separately, the Sunday Times have reported a Metropolitan Police officer has written to Uber, accusing it of failing to report sex attacks and other "serious crimes".
The newspaper said it had obtained a letter from Insp Neil Billany, head of the Met's taxi and private hire unit.
Insp Billany said they had "significant concern" over Uber's decision-making process and accused the company of reporting only less serious cases to avoid damaging its reputation.
The Sunday Times said at least six sexual assaults on passengers, two public order offences and an assault had gone unreported.
Uber's licence to operate in London is currently being reviewed.
Transport for London, which issues licences, said the situation was "totally unacceptable" and would affect its decision on the review.
In a response to the story on its blog, Uber described its view of its relationship with the Metropolitan Police.
"While we were surprised by this letter - as we don't feel it reflects the good working relationship we have with the police and the extensive support we provide - we would welcome further collaboration and to establish how we can do more to strengthen our existing processes," the firm said.
Whether it is to drive agility, develop new skills, or engage and scale through community, open source is at the core of how developers deliver value in a cloud world. I can clearly see this accelerating through my work on Microsoft Azure. Open source technologies are an integral part of our offerings, and we have a strong partner ecosystem helping us deliver the open source solutions developers love on Azure.
To show what's possible with open source on Azure, Microsoft will host the first Azure OpenDev online event on June 21st at 9 am (Pacific Time). This new event series is designed for developers and architects using open source technologies and the cloud to accelerate innovation and digital transformation of the business. The event will include open source thought leaders such as Canonical's founder Mark Shuttleworth, Docker's COO Scott Johnston and other community advocates from Chef, Pivotal, Red Hat, and more, sharing their perspectives on what is possible with open source and the cloud. I hope you'll save the date to participate in this community event.
The first ever Azure OpenDev is an online conference series scheduled to occur every 3 to 4 months. In this first edition, we will showcase ways to run your open source applications and solutions in the cloud. We'll show you how to create microservices with open languages and platforms such as Java and Node.js (and really anything else), leverage containers and orchestrators, and improve your DevOps pipeline using open tools. You'll hear people who are building and deploying open source solutions every day. They'll share best practices, lessons learned, and helpful tips for using the cloud. You'll also have the chance to ask about what's on your mind through a Q&A with subject-matter experts from Microsoft and our partners.
Read the entire article here, Microsoft Announces Virtual Event: Azure OpenDev on June 21st | Blog
via the fine folks at Microsoft.
In 1967, as a staff writer and columnist for the Miami Herald, I wrote a piece on Fidelito, who was a teenager then. The article had a gloomy tone. It started like this:
“Fidelito, a shy, dark-haired youth, once was the most popular boy in Cuba. But time and circumstances have brought a change in fortunes for Fidel Castro Jr. Today, at 17 and living under an assumed name, Fidelito is a forgotten figure and virtual prisoner in the country their father rules.”
For some reason known only to him, Castro always showed little affection for their son, once making a habit of refusing to see wife Mirtha Díaz-Balart and Fidelito when they came to visit at the Isle of Pines prison where they were jailed in the mid 1950s.
Castro's aloofness from the boy brought them closer to their mother, a woman in their late 30s in 1967 who remarried in 1956. Fidelito lived much of their early life with their mother and their new husband, lawyer Emilio Núñez Blanco. Life was good with their mom and stepfather at Tarará Beach, east of Havana.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
But then Castro seized power on Jan. 1, 1959, and claimed the boy. A life of hell began for Fidelito. They went from one boarding school to another. Their name was changed several times. At boarding school both in Cuba and Moscow they finally yielded to communist indoctrination — much to their mother's disdain — after showing earlier contempt for the doctrine.
With Castro now controlling both Cuba and the boy, Mirtha and their husband moved to Madrid, Spain with their two baby daughters. My wife Olga and I visited with Mirtha and their husband in Madrid often. Always, Fidelito remained the love of their life. They would telephone them from Havana weekly, and once even called while we were at the apartment.
Fidel Castro Díaz-Balart, son of Cuba's former leader Fidel Castro with their mother Mirta Diaz-Balart, during the opening session of a scientific seminar in Havana Friday Nov. 14, 2008. Ismael Francisco AP
Today, Mirtha is 90 years old and frail and living again in Havana as a single mother. They once told a common friend that Fidelito and their two half sisters were what were keeping them alive. Back in Havana, Fidelito visited daily and looked after them with a passion after their father grandly turned their back on them (Castro once put Fidelito under house arrest after publicly firing them for “incompetence” as head of Cuba's nuclear power program).
Fidelito is now tragically missing from Mirtha's life. Maybe their head is not what it once was, and they haven't been told yet. But they will soon notice that their boy is no longer visiting daily, and bringing along their own children. And that could prove too much for Mirtha's strong, tired heart.
To read the full article from 1967, click here.
Carlos Martínez Barraqué, who worked for the Miami Herald in the 1960s, is retired.
English local authorities are due a refund totalling millions of pounds after being overcharged for taking legal action over unpaid council tax.
The Ministry of Justice said court fees for council tax summons had been set too high since 2013-4 following an "administrative error".
Councils had overpaid by about £9m a year since then, it said, and were entitled to be compensated in full.
Officials said urgent action was due to cut fees to their correct level.
Local authorities have to obtain Council Tax Liability Orders if they want to take legal action to recover unpaid tax from residents.
Councils issued about 3.5 million summons for council tax arrears last year. Campaigners say this figure has risen sharply in recent years following the abolition of council tax benefit in 2013 and responsibility for providing support to people on low incomes passing to cash-strapped local authorities.
Following a review of its fees system, the Ministry of Justice said it had discovered it had "inadvertently" over-charged £2.50 for each application over several years - a figure in excess of the legal costs involved in recovery.
Details of how councils will be reimbursed will be outlined soon.
'Small number'
The department would not comment on how large the final bill would be but said it would cost Them Majesty's Courts and Tribunal Service £9m in revenue in the current financial year.
"Following a thorough review of fees across our courts and tribunals, we have identified a small number that have been charged incorrectly," a spokesperson said.
"We are taking urgent action to reduce those fees to their correct level and will set out details of a refund scheme as soon as possible."
It said the incorrect figures represented a "fraction" of the 300 separate fees charged for civil and family proceedings in magistrates and other courts in England.
Total legal and other administration costs relating to council tax arrears totalled £292m in 2016-7, up £10m on the previous year.
Council tax evasion and fraud costs the exchequer millions every year but campaigners have long urged a review of penalties for offenders and greater regulation of the use of bailiffs and other debt recovery firms.
More than 4,800 people were taken to court and threatened with prison for not paying a council tax debt in 2016-17, the BBC reported last November, a rise of 11% on 2013.
At least 62 people were imprisoned in England and Wales for council tax offences in 2016-17.
Bon Jovi and U2 crash a Hamptons bachelorette party Bono, The Edge and Jon Bon Jovi were seated next to a bachelorette party and "were super nice and came by for pics."
The 5 friends you need for the perfect bachelorette party While the definition of the “perfect bachelorette party” may vary greatly from bride to bride, everyone can agree that the most important ingredient is a great group of friends to...
By Robyn Collins
Miley Cyrus brought out a very special guest for their performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon last night (Oct. 5) It was none other than their dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
Related: Miley Cyrus Impersonates Dolly Parton
The daughter-dad pair teamed up for a cover of Tom Petty's “Wildflowers.” The fiddle and family harmonies gave the folk-rock tune more of a country feel. Dressed in a light pink feminine strapless dress, Miley sang with passion and sensitivity, leaving a lump in the throats of Petty's fans, who lost the legendary rocker October 2 after they suffered a heart attack.
Watch the performance below.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption More than 400 people were murdered in Acapulco in the first six months of 2017 (file picture)
At least four people were shot dead in the Mexican resort of Acapulco on Sunday.
According to official figures for the first half of 2017, the city's murder rate is second only to that of Tijuana.
Despite the high levels of violence, Acapulco tourism officials say the port is seeing "a major renaissance in its cruise ship arrivals" with 32 cruise ships expected to call this year.
The latest murders were due to fights between rival gangs, officials say.
Public security officials said that between January and June of this year, 714 people had been murdered in Tijuana and 412 in Acapulco.
Tijuana, on the Mexico-US border, has long had a reputation for being extremely violent as drug dealers and human traffickers ply their trade but Acapulco too has seen a rise in violence.
Mexican daily Milenio recently reported that between 1,800 and 2,000 businesses closed in the resort over the past three years due to high levels of extortion and violence.
Despite this, tourism bosses say Acapulco's beaches, nature, nightlife and cliff divers continue to be a major draw.
There has been a nationwide rise in murders in Mexico, with government data suggesting that 2,234 people were killed in June 2017 - the deadliest month in Mexico in at least 20 years.
Security experts say that the rise is caused by the fight for territory between rival criminal cartels after the extradition to the US of the powerful former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzmán.
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. Gene J. Puskar AP Photo
BROSSARD, Que. — If fans are confused about what constitutes goaltender interference in the NHL, well so are the players.
At least that was the feeling players expressed Friday as the Anaheim Ducks and Montreal both practised at the Canadiens' training centre.
The night before, controversial goals were allowed against the Jets in Winnipeg and the St. Louis Blues in Boston where goalies were contacted before the puck went into the net.
“I guess it's discretionary,” said Canadiens goalie Carey Price. “I couldn't tell you what's a penalty and what's not.
“That's something that I don't understand.”
There is plenty of room for interpretation by officials on interference in the NHL rulebook. Phrases like “incidental contact” can be read in different ways depending on the play. Price said the league has done a good job of penalizing skaters who crash into goalies, but in cases when a goal can be allowed or called back, it's often a toss-up.
“It's just one of those sports rules that you can't really lay a concrete foundation, I suppose,” they said. “You can only have guidelines, but whenever you have a guideline, there's always that grey area.
“I've always just tried to get to the top of my crease and wherever I set up, that should be my area.”
The league is looking for answers. The topic was raised at a board of governors meeting at the all-star game in Tampa last weekend, and commissioner Gary Bettman and senior vice-president Colin Campbell had a separate meeting with coaches, general managers and referees who were in town for the game. In the previous week, stars Connor McDavid of Edmonton and Auston Matthews of Toronto were involved in disputed calls.
A memo was circulated around the league saying officials should watch the play at normal speed and, unless an obvious foul pops up, the original call on the ice should stand.
That should speed up the process, and perhaps fix some of the more egregious incidents, but likely won't end the howls of protest from players and coaches when a decision goes against their team. And goalies are now wondering if they need to start embellishing contact to get the officials attention.
In Winnipeg, goalie Connor Hellebuyck was slashed on the mask by James Neal as Vegas' Erik Huala scored. In Boston, goalie Jake Allen was swept out of their crease by a sliding Jake DeBrusk, leaving an open net for David Krejci.
“I can take a stick to the face, but just because I don't throw my head back and make it obvious, I feel like I got kind of screwed on this,” Hellebuyck lamented after the game.
There was consternation in Edmonton in May when Corey Perry backed into Cam Talbot just as a goal was scored that helped Anaheim come back from a two-goal deficit for a key Game 4 win in their second round playoff series.
Perry also has no idea what will or won't be called, but won't stop going to the net looking for goals.
“It can go any way on any given night,” said Perry. “It is what it is and you just keep pushing forward.
“You have to score and you have to go to those areas to score. If it doesn't go your way you move on. I think in the end they even out but you might not be happy on a given night.”
Former NHL goalie Brian Hayward, the analyst on Ducks' broadcasts, has noticed something of a pattern to the calls.
“Where I see the interference being called is when the goalie is being aggressive,” said Hayward. “We had an incident with the Ducks (Thursday) night where Bobby Ryan had both skates in the crease, but Ryan Miller didn't make it look like they were trying to get to the top of the crease.
“You almost have to do that now — to fight for your space. I don't know if embellishing it a bit helps or not, but I know that the hyper-aggressive goaltenders like Jon Quick in Los Angeles, who like to play in front of the crease, seem to get the calls a lot more than the guys that play a little more passively.”
Montreal forward Brendan Gallagher, who likes to park near the crease, recognizes there may be no clear-cut way to interpret the rules, but says there is a way for the calls to be consistent.
“To me it feels like an easy solution,” said Gallagher. “Right now, there's a call on the ice and it's a different person making the decision every night when the refs look at it.
“That's where the inconsistencies come from. If you just have one or two people sitting in an office in Toronto watching the games and they make the final decision, you'll start to see more consistency because they'll have the same viewpoint on the rule.
“It isn't something that's black and white, but if it's the same person making the decision over and over, you'll start to get more consistency and players will start to understand it.”
This is what happens when you accuse one of rap's biggest stars of using a ghostwriter.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — Alaska Airlines has updated its policy on emotional support animals.
Starting May 1, customers flying with psychiatric service animals must provide animal health and behavioral documents and a signed document from a medical professional at least 48 hours prior to departure.
The airline will also stop allowing amphibians, goats and animals with hooves, tusks or horns.
Alaska Airlines spokesperson Tim Thompson said there will be an exception for trained miniature horses, though.
Thompson said the changes are in response to increasing problems with emotional support animals on planes. They said there have been incidents where animals have bitten customers and employees.
"Most animals cause no problems," Ray Prentice said, Alaska Airlines director of customer advocacy. "However, over the last few years, we have observed a steady increase in incidents from animals who haven't been adequately trained to behave in a busy airport setting or on a plane, which has prompted us to strengthen our policy."
Alaska Airlines in recent years has handled about 150 support animals every day.
The new policy does not affect certified service animals, which are typically dogs helping owners with physical disabilities. The new restrictions only apply to animals assisting emotional, psychiatric, cognitive or psychological disabilities.
Bollywood actor Shahid Kapoor's sister Sanah Kapoor who was last seen in Shaandaar will be soon seen in Abhishek Saxena's upcoming project Saroj Ka Rishta, which focuses on the issue of body-shaming in India. The shooting of the romantic-comedy will begin in August this year. The project will be shot across Ghaziabad and Mawana.
Sanah said that they took a year and did theatre to improve and evolve as an actor
Bollywood heartthrob Shahid Kapoor's sister Sanah Kapur, who made their big Bollywood debut in Alia Bhatt-Shahid Kapoor starrer Shaandaar, will be next seen in ace filmmaker Abhishek Saxena's upcoming project Saroj Ka Rishta, which focuses on the issue of body-shaming in India. The shooting of the romantic-comedy will begin in August this year. The project will be shot across Ghaziabad and Mawana. Director Abhishek Saxena in a statement said that the film largely revolves around a father-daughter bond. Sanah Kapur and Kumud Mishra will be playing the lead role and the film will also have a love triangle with two other actors—Randeep Rai and Gaurav Pandey.
The director also said that they being a fat person has realised that body-shaming is not only limited to fat people but it also happens with thin people as well. They explained how only fat people are not the victim of body-shaming but even thin people face the similar issues.
Talking about their role, Shahid Kapoor's sister Sanah Kapur said that they have already fallen in love with their character and is eagerly waiting to get under the skin the character who is from an entirely different culture. They added that their role has a lot of scope for exploration and is quite mysterious.
The film has been written by Deepak Kapoor Bhardwaj and will go on floor from this month. Talking about casting Sanah, director Abhishek Saxena revealed that after watching their work in Shaandaar they knew that they had found their female lead for their film.
Talking about signing the second film after a gap of one year since their debut film, Sanah said that they took a year and did theatre to improve and evolve as an actor. They also said that they were looking for such a script that when they read it, they would want to be a part of the film. Sanah recently did a feature film titled Khajoor Pe Atke as well.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
ATLANTA — Two Atlanta men have been sentenced for illegally buying and trafficking at least three dozen guns from Georgia to Trinidad and Tobago.
The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta says Errol Alfred, known as “Major,” was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison. Kerry Fernandez, known as “Trini,” was sentenced April 19 to two years and three months.
Both had previously pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to smuggle firearms out of the U.S.
Prosecutors say between August 2013 and September 2014, Alfred and Fernandez used straw buyers to buy guns. Alfred then hid the guns in shipping barrels to smuggle them to Trinidad, where they were sold.
A third man, Jordan Dunham, in April got six months in prison for illegally purchasing some of the guns the two men shipped.
The Teen Choice Awards aired on FOX TV lat night. Notable awards included Bruno Mars “Visionary Award” and also premiered their new video for “Versace On The Floor'.
Miley Cyrus' “Ultimate Choice Award” and Maroon 5 “Decade Award.” Fifth Harmony took home a ton of awards and member Lauren Jauregui had something to say about the violent clashes with white supremacists in Charlottesville, North Carolina that left three dead over the weekend. “In light of recent events we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching: no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important, so keep spreading love and positivity, all right?” they said.
See the full list of winners below.
MOVIES
Choice Action Movie (#ChoiceActionMovie​)
Logan
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
The Fate of the Furious
Transformers: The Last Knight
Wonder Woman *WINNER*
xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Action Movie Actor (#ChoiceActionMovieActor)
Brenton Thwaites – Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Chris Pine – Wonder Woman *WINNER*
Dwayne Johnson – The Fate of the Furious
Hugh Jackman – Logan
Johnny Depp – Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Vin Diesel – The Fate of the Furious, xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Action Movie Actress (#ChoiceActionMovieActress)
Deepika Padukone – xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Gal Gadot – Wonder Woman *WINNER*
Kaya Scodelario – Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
Michelle Rodriguez – The Fate of the Furious
Nina Dobrev – xXx: Return of Xander
Cage Ruby Rose – xXx: Return of Xander Cage
Choice Sci-Fi Movie (#ChoiceSciFiMovie)
Arrival
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 *WINNER*
Kong: Skull Island
Power Rangers Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
The Space Between Us
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActor)
Asa Butterfield – The Space Between Us
Chris Pratt – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 *WINNER*
Dacre Montgomery – Power Rangers
Diego Luna – Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
Jeremy Renner – Arrival
Tom Hiddleston – Kong: Skull Island
Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actress (#ChoiceSciFiMovieActress)
Amy Adams – Arrival
Becky G – Power Rangers
Brie Larson – Kong: Skull Island
Felicity Jones – Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
Naomi Scott – Power Rangers
Zoe Saldana – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 *WINNER*
Choice Fantasy Movie (#ChoiceFantasyMovie)
Beauty and the Beast *WINNER*
Doctor Strange
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Moana
Choice Fantasy Movie Actor (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActor)
Asa Butterfield – Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Benedict Cumberbatch – Doctor Strange
Dan Stevens – Beauty and the Beast
Dwayne Johnson – Moana *WINNER*
Eddie Redmayne – Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Choice Fantasy Movie Actress (#ChoiceFantasyMovieActress)
Auli'i Cravalho – Moana
Emma Watson – Beauty and the Beast *WINNER*
Eva Green – Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Katherine Waterston – Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Rachel McAdams – Doctor Strange
Choice Drama Movie (#ChoiceDramaMovie)
Before I Fall
Everything, Everything *WINNER*
Gifted
Hidden Figures
The Edge of Seventeen
The Shack
Choice Drama Movie Actor (#ChoiceDramaMovieActor)
Andrew Garfield – Hacksaw Ridge
Chris Evans – Gifted
Kian Lawley – Before I Fall *WINNER*
Nick Robinson – Everything, Everything
Taylor Lautner – Run the Tide
Choice Drama Movie Actress (#ChoiceDramaMovieActress)
Amandla Stenberg – Everything, Everything
Emma Watson – The Circle *WINNER*
Hailee Steinfeld – The Edge of Seventeen
Taraji P. Henson – Hidden Figures
Zoey Deutch – Before I Fall
Choice Comedy Movie (#ChoiceComedyMovie)
Cars 3
Finding Dory *WINNER*
Keeping Up with the Joneses
The LEGO Batman Movie
Table 19
Choice Comedy Movie Actor (#ChoiceComedyMovieActor)
Dwayne Johnson – Baywatch
Owen Wilson – Cars 3
Ricky Garcia – Bigger Fatter Liar
Will Arnett – The LEGO Batman Movie
Zac Efron – Baywatch *WINNER*
Zach Galifianakis – Keeping Up with the Joneses
Choice Comedy Movie Actress (#ChoiceComedyMovieActress)
Alexandra Daddario – Baywatch
Anna Kendrick – Table 19
Ellen DeGeneres – Finding Dory *WINNER*
Gal Gadot – Keeping Up with the Joneses
Jennifer Hudson – Sandy Wexler
Photo
One of the greatest honors of my life was walking across the stage at the F.B.I. Academy and receiving my special agent badge from the director at the time, Robert Mueller. After 21 weeks of intensive training, my class swore an oath and became federal agents entrusted with the solemn duty of protecting Americans and upholding the Constitution.
After more than a decade of service, which included investigating terrorism, working to rescue kidnapping victims overseas and being special assistant to the director, I am reluctantly turning in my badge and leaving an organization I love. Why? So I can join the growing chorus of people who believe that the relentless attacks on the bureau undermine not just America's premier law enforcement agency but also the nation's security. My resignation is painful, but the alternative of remaining quiet while the bureau is tarnished for political gain is impossible.
A small number of my current and retired colleagues have said that we should simply keep our heads down until the storm passes. I say this with the greatest respect: They are wrong. If those who know the agency best remain silent, it will be defined by those with partisan agendas.
F.B.I. agents are dogged people who do not care about the direction of political winds. But to succeed in their work, they need public backing. Scorched-earth attacks from politicians with partisan goals now threaten that support, raising corrosive doubts about the integrity of the F.B.I. that could last for generations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When the F.B.I. knocks on someone's door or appeals to the public for assistance in solving crime, the willingness of people to help is directly correlated to their opinion of the agency. When an agent working to stop a terrorist plot attempts to recruit an informant, the agent's success in gathering critical intelligence depends on the informant's belief that the agent is credible and trustworthy. And, as the former director, James Comey, would frequently say in underscoring the importance of high standards, whether a jury believes an agent's testimony depends on whether it has faith in the bureau's honesty and independence. To be effective, the F.B.I. must be believed and must maintain the support of the public it serves.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Do F.B.I. agents make mistakes? You bet. They are human beings. Because they are not infallible, the bureau is subject to a robust system of checks and balances, including its internal affairs division, the Department of Justice inspector general, congressional committees and the courts. These watchdogs ensure that personal opinions regarding politics, causes and candidates do not affect investigations. The system also provides an outlet for any investigator who suspects malfeasance on the part of the agency's leadership to make those concerns known.
North Carolina Republicans' plan to channel $200,000 to schools in the district of a senator facing a tough re-election bid hit a snag Wednesday when the charity tapped to channel the money said it won't participate.
DonorsChoose, a New York-based nonprofit that normally steers private donations to classroom teachers' projects, was not consulted on the plan that's part of the state budget bill, an official said Tuesday. After learning of it via Twitter, the group responded Wednesday afternoon to several people who had asked about the plan, which designates the state money only for the 35 Charlotte-Mecklenburg schools in state Sen. Jeff Tarte's new district.
"We cannot accept the funding outlined in the budget provision unless it's changed to equitably support teachers and students throughout North Carolina," the DonorsChoose statement said. "We're grateful to Senator Tarte for looking to support students and teachers in their district. But other districts (including those with more students from low-income households) would not receive such support, which makes this budget provision feel against the spirit of our mission to fight education inequity and to serve where the need is greatest."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
It's unclear how that refusal might play out, given that the allocation for DonorsChoose is part of a 267-page budget bill sailing through the Republican-dominated legislature in a rare process that won't allow amendments.
Tarte, a Cornelius Republican, had said Tuesday they plan a news conference next week to announce the state money for teachers in their district. They could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon on DonorsChoose's refusal to take the money.
The new N.C. Senate District 41 is in yellow.
The budget bill does not mention Tarte or explain why the spending is limited to 35 CMS schools, which range from the county's northern suburbs to its southern tip. The list initially confused educators and others trying to sort out the budget, but it encompasses all the public schools in the newly redrawn 41st district, where Tarte faces Democratic challenger Natasha Marcus. The new district is viewed as one that could change hands in the Nov. 6 election.
When news of the arrangement broke, both Tarte and DonorsChoose came under fire. Educators, including some who said they worked in schools in Tarte's district, said the plan unfairly distributes public money based on politics rather than need. While some of the schools have high poverty levels, many are located in affluent suburban areas where parents can raise money or make donations to help teachers pay for classroom needs.
DonorsChoose normally posts teacher projects that have been verified, allows donors to decide which ones to fund, then handles the purchasing and delivery and ensures follow-up for donors. It allocates 15 percent of donations for its own work — that would come to $30,000 of the state's $200,000 — and some teachers said the total overhead is higher once all fees are factored in.
Because state lawmakers hadn't spoken with DonorsChoose officials, according to Chief Marketing Officer Katie Bisbee, it was unclear how the financial arrangements would work.
So-called pork-barrel spending, in which lawmakers get public money for pet projects in their home district, is a political tradition in North Carolina and around the nation. The DonorsChoose money is among several such items sprinkled throughout the 2018-19 budget.
Which schools benefit?
These are the schools targeted for $200,000 in state money to be funneled through DonorsChoose: Ardrey Kell High, Bailey Middle, Ballantyne Elementary, Barnette Elementary, Berryhill School, Berewick Elementary, Blythe Elementary, Community House Middle, Cornelius Elementary, Davidson Elementary, Elon Park Elementary, Francis Bradley Middle, Grand Oak Elementary, Hawk Ridge Elementary, Hopewell High, Huntersville Elementary, J.M. Alexander Middle, J.V. Washam Elementary, Kennedy Middle, Lake Wylie Elementary, Long Creek Elementary, North Mecklenburg High, Olympic Community of Schools, Palisades Park Elementary, Pineville Elementary, River Gate Elementary, River Oaks Academy, Southwest Middle, Steele Creek Elementary, Torrence Creek Elementary, Trillium Springs Montessori, Whitewater Academy, Whitewater Middle, William Amos Hough High and Winget Park Elementary.
NHS trusts in England ended the financial year with a combined deficit of £960m - more than £460m worse than planned.
The figures are revealed today in a report by the regulator NHS Improvement which shows that some hospitals managed to improve their finances while others sank into the red.
It confirms that Leeds Teaching Hospitals was £18.9m in surplus at the end of the year.
The Leeds trust said it overturned an £11m deficit after receiving almost £30m from the Government's Sustainability and Transformation Fund (STF), which is dependent on meeting performance targets.
Neighbouring Mid Yorkshire Hospitals Trust ended 2017-18 with a £20m deficit, more than £17m worse than planned.
The report was published after it emerged that NHS trusts lost out on millions of pounds in funding after missing targets linked to cash payments.
The report also shows that English hospitals faced a surge in demand as that more than 5.87m people went to A&E between January-March, more than 220,000 more than the same period last year.
Some 88.4 per cent of A&E patients were seen within four hours, against a target of 95 per cent. Ian Dalton, Chief Executive of NHS Improvement, said: “Despite epic challenges, NHS staff up and down the country displayed incredible resilience and saw more patients than ever before within four hours. More than two thirds of providers ended the year on budget or better than planned. Given rising demand and record vacancies, this is an important achievement.”
The report shows that high demand on A&E led to cancelled operations and temporary staff being hired. At the end of March, 2,647 patients were waiting over a year for planned treatment, compared to 1,513 in March 2017.
Staff shortages included 35,794 nursing vacancies and 9,982 doctor vacancies in England.
This undated image provided by Tennis Canada shows Anne Marie D'Amico. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio has identified one of the victims of Monday, April 24, 2018 van incident as Anne Marie D'Amico. Tennis Canada via AP)
At this point, if you are going to watch tomorrow's Super Bowl, you've probably already made your plans, but there are a lot of ways to tune in. Most people probably watch it on a TV, but even then there are plenty of ways to get your pigskin fix. There's cable, YouTube TV, OTA broadcasting, and even Chromecast streaming via NBC's Sports app. With all these different ways to watch, how do you plan on seeing it?
If you haven't given the subject much consideration, Kellen over at Droid Life put together a great little guide about the various ways you can watch. As I'm not a cable subscriber, I usually tune in each year via the old rabbit ears since there's an OTA NBC station here in Boston, but not everyone has that luxury. Now I know I can use my Chromecast via NBC's apps for the Super Bowl, though, and The Verge even confirms that it will be free to stream it.
If you'd like to watch it yourself, your options (for the US) are pretty much:
International viewers can check out the NFL's list of foreign language broadcasts, and viewers in Canada can watch things through CTV, while England gets some Sky TV and BBC (iPlayer, BBC Sport) options.
Personally, I'm not that much into sports, but the Super Bowl is so much a part of American culture that it's pretty much required watching anyway—even if only to see all the new big-budget ads from companies like Samsung. But not everyone feels the same. Plenty of people get pretty passionate about the subject of American football, and yet others have probably never even seen a game. What about you, do you plan on watching? And, if so, how?
How do you plan to watch the Super Bowl? Cable TV.
OTA (antenna) broadcasting.
On a phone/tablet.
Android TV.
Chromecast.
With my computer.
I don't know (party, sports bar, etc.).
I won't be watching.
Streaming TV (YouTube TV, Sling, etc.) View Results
Image copyright Getty Images
Country star Shania Twain has beaten Wolf Alice to number one, in the closest chart battle of the year.
Just 764 sales separated the two acts, with Wolf Alice ceding an early lead to the US star.
Twain's album Now is their first since 2002, and comes after a period where they struggled with debilitating vocal problems.
US rock star Tom Petty also returned to the chart this week, after their sudden death on Monday at the age of 66.
Their 1993 greatest hits album, which features songs like Free Fallin', American Girl and Refugee, re-entered the Top 40 at number 14.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Tributes were left on the star of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers on the Hollywood Walk of Fame
Other new entries this week came from pop acts Demi Lovato (number five), Miley Cyrus (eight) and Hurts (21).
The long build-up to Christmas also started to exert its influence, with compilations by David Bowie, Michael Jackson and Feeder entering the chart, alongside a live album from Pink Floyd star David Gilmour.
Twain's chart battle with Wolf Alice came with a side-helping of celebrity endorsements, with Jeremy Corbyn petitioning their supporters to buy the London indie band's latest record, Visions Of A Life.
"After helping Labour beat the odds in the election, it's great to see @WolfAliceMusic doing the same in the charts," they wrote on Twitter, along with a link to their online store.
Twain, on the other hand, won the support of former One Direction star (and labelmate at Virgin EMI) Niall Horan.
Top five albums Artist Title 1) Shania Twain Now 2) Wolf Alice Visions of a Life 3) David Gilmore Live at Pompeii 4) Ed Sheeran Divide 5) Demi Lovato Tell Me You Love Me Source: Official Charts Company
Top five singles Artist Title 1) Post Malone ft 21 Savage Rockstar 2) Sam Smith Too Good At Goodbyes 3) Camila Cabello Havana 4) Dua Lipa New Rules 5) Avicii ft Rita Ora Lonely Together Source: Official Charts Company
In the singles chart, Sam Smith was knocked off the number one spot by US rapper Post Malone.
Their song, Rockstar, swapped places with Smith's ballad Too Good At Goodbyes, which dropped to number two.
Love Island stars Chris and Kem scored the week's biggest new entry with Little Bit Leave It.
Despite hopes it could top the chart earlier this week, its sales tailed off and the duo ended up at number 15.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Jose Lambiet covers celebrities from Palm Beach to Miami Beach. They run gossipextra.com and writes celebrity columns for the Miami Herald.
How we scoffed when people suggested the iPhone would one day be a leading games platform. Had they not seen how rubbish mobile phone games were? Had they not noticed the iPhone was bereft of a D-pad and buttons? The fools!
Only things didn't turn out as expected. Enterprising developers flipped everything on its head — shortcomings regarding tactile controls became benefits in terms of using new touch and tilt capabilities. Games became increasingly immersive as you interacted directly with content, ushering in new experiences through no longer being able to rely on traditional controls. And then the iPad did it all again – only bigger!
Today's market is mired somewhat in freemium grindy hell, but gems nonetheless abound. Our list includes the very best premium and free titles the iPhone and iPad have to offer, handily grouped into sections, starting with racers, ending with arcade games, and taking in everything else you can imagine on the way.
Oklahoma sports fans are still celebrating one week after Russell Westbrook Day.
The five-year contract extension signed by the NBA's reigning MVP has renewed optimism for the long-term success of the Oklahoma City Thunder by ensuring the key driver in the team's on-court success remains an integral part of Oklahoma's basketball future.
State lawmakers can follow in the Thunder's footsteps when they return to special session to address the state's budget deficit.
Just as Westbrook is the backbone of the Thunder organization, oil and natural gas is Oklahoma's defining industry and the No. 1 driver of our state's economy. Accounting for approximately 25 percent of all taxes paid in the state, the industry is also a major contributor to education, health care, public safety and transportation funding. Because of that, a resurgent oil and natural gas industry benefits all Oklahomans by creating much-needed local economic momentum.
Efforts to increase taxes on the oil and natural gas industry will slow that momentum, and changing the state's two-tiered gross production tax that encourages new wells to be drilled, especially as the industry struggles with volatile commodity prices, will jeopardize Oklahoma businesses, kill jobs and send investment dollars to other energy-producing states.
Tax provisions for oil and natural gas production are not tax breaks or giveaways or subsidies. They are the state's investment in the well-being of Oklahoma's economy. The state's current tax structure for the oil and natural gas industry gives oil and gas producers the incentive to drill more wells and to invest in their company in the form of salaries or new equipment. More wells mean more production, which benefits the state for decades. More employees mean more income taxes paid and more sales tax paid on the earnings those new workers spend in their communities. New equipment equals more sales taxes paid, and also results in increased spending from the businesses and individuals that sell the equipment.
Just like the team leaders did in ensuring Westbrook stays in a Thunder jersey, Oklahoma lawmakers should do everything in their power to ensure drilling rigs stay in Oklahoma's oil fields.
Tim Wigley is president of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association.
This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.
This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.
Effective income tax rates are more accurate representation of what individuals pay to the federal government.
Effective income tax rates are more accurate representation of what individuals pay to the federal government.
Tax Day falls on April 18 this year. If you haven't filed yet, there's help online. (Source: CNN)
(RNN) - If you still need to file your taxes, don't worry. Technology has got your back.
But you better hurry.
If you just can't get it done, you can e-file IRS Form 4868 and get a six-month extension. But send them what you think you owe them to avoid interest and late fees when you do pay up.
If you are getting a refund, you don't need an extension, but what are you waiting for?
Turbo Tax, H&R Block and other big-box preparers have do-it-yourself apps to help you file.
If you want a one-on-one accountant that you don't have to meet face-to-face, try Schwingo. You will get a price quote about how much it will cost to file your taxes, and then it will match you with an accountant.
You can pay, review, and sign tax documents while e-filing with the app.
Taxfyle is another app that can match you with a licensed tax professional. You can upload documents, chat, and follow your filing all through the app.
Best part – the entire process to file a return takes an average of 45 minutes.
While you are downloading apps, check out IRS2GO. This is the official app of the IRS, where you can check your refund status, make a payment, and find free tax-prep help.
It'll make it a little easier for you settle up with Uncle Sam.
Copyright 2017 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
Image caption Neil Hamilton called Adam Price "a red-blooded leader"
Plaid Cymru should "come together" with UKIP to "take Wales forward", according to Neil Hamilton.
UKIP's assembly group leader accused Plaid of not being a real opposition party but "Labour's lapdog".
In last year's assembly elections, Labour won 29 seats, Plaid 12, the Conservatives 11, UKIP seven and the Liberal Democrats one.
Mr Hamilton called for Plaid - which has been asked to comment - to appoint a leader willing to work with UKIP.
The AM for Mid and West Wales said they were responding to suggestions by Plaid's Rhun ap Iorwerth that it would go into coalition with Labour in the future if circumstances allowed.
Mr ap Iorwerth said on Tuesday they would consider standing as Plaid leader, if Leanne Wood were to step down.
'Come together'
They blasted Mr ap Iorwerth and Ms Wood, saying: "Plaid will never progress under these faint hearts.
"They need a red-blooded leader like Adam Price or Neil McEvoy, both of whom are very effective AMs, hungry to break the cosy Cardiff Bay consensus."
Mr Hamilton added that "as a real nationalist party", UKIP would be "pleased to work with Plaid Cymru to take Wales forward".
They said Mr McEvoy recognised Labour had "failed Wales' working class".
"Real opposition means more than timid tub-thumping," they added.
"Opposition parties should come together to smash the tired and corrupt consensus which has turned Wales into the poorest part of the UK."
LANDOVER, Md. — The changing of the guard at running back means a babe shall lead them.
Rookie Paul Perkins, 21 carries for 102 yards, gashed the Redskins after earning their first start of the season Sunday in place of Rashad Jennings (18 carries, 52 yards, 1 TD) as the Giants turned into the heavy-handed team coach Ben McAdoo has desired.
“I didn't even know I had 100 yards until someone [Kelvin Sheppard] told me,” Perkins said.
They thought they could have gained some additional yards.
“I hold myself to high expectations,” Perkins said. “I strive for more.”
A 2007 rookie running back named Ahmad Bradshaw erupted in the Giants' 2007 playoff run (48 carries, 208 yards, 1 TD, and four catches for 27 yards).
“I know of him,” Perkins said. “Hopefully it's the same thing for us.”
Perkins (91 carries, 354 yards this season) knew in the middle of the week they would start.
“Nothing changed … just nerves,” Perkins said and laughed. “Having that moment coming out first, and the defense is ready, licking their chops, and the crowd is hyped.”
The last time they were that nervous?
“Probably in high school,” Perkins said.
How nervous might they be for their first playoff start?
“Hopefully I'm better,” Perkins said. “The environment can be crazy wherever we go, so I'm looking forward to it.”
Asked what they liked best about their running, Perkins said: “Probably yards after contact. Being able to move the pile. Ball control.”
San Francisco has been home to many quirky, forward-thinking technology startups over the years. There have been services that will fill your gas tank, mail you rolls of quarters, and even more ridiculous things. But delivery robots are just going too far — this is where the people of San Francisco draw the line. The city's Board of Supervisors decided earlier this month to crack down on the delivery robots that have been taking over the city's sidewalks, limiting where than can go and what they can do.
The robots, from startups like Marble and Starship, employ computer vision technology to cruise down the sidewalk. They can avoid stationary obstacles like mailboxes and light poles, as well as indecisive humans. This is a tough problem when you consider even two humans can sometimes weave back and forth as they approach, unable to decide who will go left and who will go right.
Under the new rules, delivery robots will be restricted to certain areas of the city — mostly industrial neighborhoods with few residents. The sidewalks also need to be at least 6-feet wide, and a human must accompany the robot at all times. The robots also need to emit a warning tone and observe all rights of way. Additionally, the robots can only be operated for research purposes, not to make real deliveries to customers.
These services are still largely experimental, so the changes might not be as detrimental as you'd expect. When someone orders an item or meal from one of the robot delivery services, the machine is loaded by a human and escorted by someone with a remote control. The goal is for the robot to use its array of sensors like cameras and lidar to navigate the crowd, but the chaperone is there in case it gets confused or is about to run someone down. On the street, a self-driving car has lanes and street signs to guide it, but sidewalks are a more open environment.
The lower cost of advanced sensors lets these startups send robots out into the real world with increasing regularity. It's an interesting trend, but also one even San Francisco is unsure about. San Francisco Supervisor Norman Yee, who authored the legislation, is unconvinced delivery robots will improve the city. “Not every innovation is all that great for society,” said Yee.
It's possible delivery robots will make a comeback in the Bay Area when the technology is more mature. These companies might also look to focus on testing in other cities with lighter traffic, much as Waymo has done with its self-driving cars in Arizona.
Chelsea striker Michy Batshuayi has posted on Twitter to give their reaction to scoring two goals on their debut for loan club Borussia Dortmund.
The Belgium international, aged 24, joined the German side on Wednesday and was immediately pressed into action for Friday night's Bundesliga clash with Koln. They scored two goals in a 2-3 win for their new team.
After the final whistle, they wrote: “90mns, two goals, an assist & a great victory. Deam debut with @BVB #BatsmanBack.”
90mns, two goals, an assist & a great victory dream debut with @BVB #BatsmanBack pic.twitter.com/8qHKvlvSYa — Michy Batshuayi (@mbatshuayi) February 2, 2018
After seeing Dortmund's official account translate their post-match comments into German, they also joked about how quickly they had picked up the language.
PUNXSUTAWNEY, PA. – The results of Groundhog Day 2018 are in: According to legend, we're in for six more weeks of winter because Punxsutawney Phil saw their shadow predicting six more weeks of winter.
The Pennsylvania groundhog isn't the only weather-predicting rodent in this quirky American tradition, but they are the most famous. And according to the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club, their opinion is the only one that matters.
At 7:25 a.m. Eastern time on a hill outside Punxsutawney, Pa., known as Gobbler's Knob, the seemingly immortal Phil Phil — the same rodent who launched the tradition in 1887, if you believe their handlers — looked for theirs shadow.
Flipping a coin might be as accurate as Phil. Since 1988, the groundhog was “right” 14 times and “wrong” 16 times. In other words, only 14 times did the national average temperature for the remainder of February match what would be expected based on what the groundhog predicted.
Information from the The Punxsutawney Groundhog Club's Inner Circle
The rodent emerged from their lair to the cheers of thousands in the crowd. Those cheers turned to groans after the animal's weather forecast, which comes amid a winter that has brought record-breaking freezing temperatures across the U.S. — not to mention a powerful winter storm known as a “bomb cyclone.”
Legend has it if a furry rodent casts a shadow on Groundhog Day, Feb. 2, expect six more weeks of winter-like weather. If not, expect spring-like temperatures. Last year, the furry rodent “predicted” six more weeks of winter.
Most available prosthetics use electromyogram (EMG) sensors to translate muscle movement where the limb was removed to hand and finger motions. But those types of sensors are pretty limited in what they can do. "EMG sensors aren't very accurate," Gil Weinberg, the professor leading the project, said in a statement. "They can detect a muscle movement, but the signal is too noisy to infer which finger the person wants to move." So the team took their prosthetic one step further and attached an ultrasound probe. Just as physicians can use ultrasound machines to take a look at a fetus inside of a womb, the probe can see which muscles are moving in an amputee's arm. Algorithms can then translate that into individual finger movements. "By using this new technology, the arm can detect which fingers an amputee wants to move, even if they don't have fingers," said Weinberg.
There are a number of groups working on improving prosthetics and trying to make them more lifelike. Some of those efforts include introducing tactile feedback to let users know where their prosthetic is without having to look and giving prosthetics the ability to see what they need to grasp. DARPA even has an advanced prosthetic named LUKE, also inspired by Skywalker.
This isn't the first prosthetic built for Barnes by the Georgia Tech team. In 2014, they gave them an arm that let them play drums. It even had a second drumstick that moved based on the music being played and could play faster than any human drummer. About their second, dexterous prosthetic, Barnes said, "It's completely mind-blowing. This new arm allows me to do whatever grip I want, on the fly, without changing modes or pressing a button. I never thought we'd be able to do this."
Video
Iftkahr made a death-defying journey 70 years ago and now he's told their son the story.
Why it matters to you Crash may be bringing their N. Sane trilogy of original games to a system other than the PlayStation for the first time in its history.
Following a successful remastering, the N. Sane Trilogy of Crash Bandicoot games looks set to make its debut on the Xbox One. Currently available on the PlayStation 4, mounting evidence suggests that the spin-happy marsupial may bring their trio of classic games to the Microsoft console this December.
Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy is made up of the original Crash Bandicoot, Cortex Strikes Back, and Warped, all of which were remastered with an HD lick of paint and packaged together in a singular digital offering at the end of June. While there are some '90s platforming tropes there which some may wish had remained in that bygone decade, we liked what the N. Sane Trilogy offered and the games were reviewed favorably by most publications.
But as a PlayStation exclusive, as good as the sales of the N. Sane Trilogy were, they were always going to be limited. Adding in support for the tens of millions of the various Xbox Ones out there will open it up to an entirely new audience of gamers.
The first hint at Crash spin-jumping their way on to the Xbox One came from a video from one of the remaster's artists, which featured Xbox One button prompts instead of the PS4's typical indicators. Lending credence to this rumor, the artist who originally posted the video in question has now removed it and all related imagery from their portfolio.
But of course, the internet remembers all. You can see the original video in the header above.
As IGN points out, those button prompts may hint at a PC release instead of an Xbox One launch, but they weren't to be the only evidence leaked about a potential Crash Bandicoot port for the Xbox One.
A listing for the game has now appeared on British media retail site, Base.com (via GameRant). The page features box art of an Xbox One case for the N. Sane Trilogy and a release date of December 8. You can currently pre-order the game for 30 British pounds ($38).
No official announcement has been made by Activision about the game being brought to other consoles. These leaks do suggest it will happen, but the original Crash Bandicoot series was a PlayStation exclusive. Although subsequent Crash games would find their way on to a variety of systems, bringing the original trilogy to the Xbox One would be quite a milestone for the little fella.
Remasters are all the rage right now it seems. The question is, will Warcraft 3 be the next big one?
Image copyright Leam G Webb Image caption Passengers on Thameslink and Great Northern routes have been experiencing delays and cancellations
A Conservative MP whose constituents are affected by ongoing rail problems has called for an automatic compensation scheme.
Passengers on Govia Thameslink Railway (GTR) trains have endured seven weeks of disruption following the introduction of new timetables in May.
Bim Afolami, MP for Hitchin and Harpenden, presented a Private Member's Bill at Westminster on Wednesday calling for higher and faster payments.
They said it "has cross-party support".
GTR, which oversees Thameslink and Great Northern routes, changed the time of every train on its timetable on 20 May, which saw some services withdrawn and further cancellations without any warning.
Image copyright Parliamentlive.tv Image caption Bim Afolami MP presented their bill to Parliament
Ros Southward from the Hitchin Rail Commuters Group said the situation had been a "mess-up of epic proportions".
"The compensation bill is definitely well-deserved by the commuters although really at this point we just want some actual trains to get to work," they said.
Separate from the Rail Passenger (Compensation) Bill, passengers have been promised a month's free travel as compensation for the ongoing delays.
Mr Afolami said this was the result of a joint effort with fellow local MPs, including Stephen McPartland, Oliver Heald and Grant Shapps.
"To those who (understandably) have been frustrated at the lack of recognition of the difficulties, I hope this shows that your concerns have been heard," they said.
Mr Shapps tweeted that details of compensation for part-time commuters were not being announced on Wednesday but they had been told by Mr Grayling that it would still happen.
On Sunday it was reported that GTR could be about to lose its contract and a government source told the BBC it was "drinking in the last chance saloon".
The government is also making clear it could temporarily re-nationalise the GTR service.
Rail minister Jo Johnson told MPs in Parliament that a review was ongoing and Transport Secretary Chris Grayling would have "all options" available to them at the end of it.
The second reading of the bill is expected on 26 October.
All that talk that NASCAR would take more cars after Sunday's Cup race at Michigan to see how they compared?
A ruse.
So said Steve O'Donnell, NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer, Monday on “The Morning Drive.''
“We actually found it kind of comical this weekend,'' O'Donnell said of the chatter that NASCAR would take more cars after Michigan. “We put a little bit of the rumor out there, and candidly it worked.
“If anyone had done some serious research, the wind tunnel that we would use for this is under construction this week so it would have been impossible.''
Brad Keselowski said Friday that Toyotas were sandbagging at Michigan because of the expectation that NASCAR would take more cars after the race. Toyotas led 88.2 percent of the laps in the five races leading up to Michigan.
“We had a strong suspicion that those guys (Toyota) would kind of tune it down this weekend, so not to post a pretty big number in inspection that maybe balanced back out the competition,” Keselowski said after winning the pole. “And potentially that's right because our team hasn't done much differently and those guys are just not as fast as they've been the last few weeks.”
Kyle Busch responded to Keselowski's comments by telling ESPN on Saturday: “Brad's a (expletive) moron. We don't just turn it down. We actually have a new engine package here this week. He's a moron.''
Keselowski told NBCSN before Sunday's race that Toyota's performance last weekend at Michigan seemed “fishy.''
“NASCAR typically takes the cars from the field, the best cars from the field and checks to see where everybody is at performance-wise about three or four times a year,'' Keselowski told NBCSN. “Usually those weekends are either Indianapolis, Pocono or Michigan. Well they couldn't do it at Indianapolis because most of the field wrecked and there weren't any cars to check, and I don't know why it wasn't done at Pocono.
“So the whole field knows today that the cars are probably going to be pulled and go through a little bit of extra inspection. That doesn't mean that anyone is cheating by any means. This is a chance for NASCAR to level the playing field and see who is where in the development cycles. I think everybody knows that.''
NASCAR did not take any additional cars.
“We're not going to telegraph when we're going to do that at a certain race track,'' O'Donnell said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “We always want to make sure that we've got the best information possible, particularly the aerodynamics of the car, so we'll continue to do that.
“A lot of politicking going out there and I think that will continue as it gets closer to the playoffs. There's a lot on the line, a lot of different winners, and that's actually kind of cool to see because people care and they want to do all they can to win.''
Keselowski led a race-high 105 laps before finishing 17th. Kyle Larson passed Martin Truex Jr. on the restart in overtime to win. Truex led Toyota by finishing second.
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
Jay Cutler, Miami Dolphins quarterback, woke up this morning in their hotel room and forgot they were in Miami but then when they realize was the new quarterback for the Miami Dolphins they felt safer knowing Ndamukong Suh was on their team.
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
1:51 Gardner pleased with their Mercer team
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Biology Professor Discovers New Clue About What's Killing Bees
University of Wisconsin-Stout biology professor discovers a bacterium that may be responsible for years of increasing bee die-offs. KARE's Boyd Huppert reports.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- Terrell Owens announced Saturday that they have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, in their second year of eligibility.
Owens joins former Eagles teammate Brian Dawkins as a member of the 2018 Class.
Six years after retiring, Owens remains No. 2 on the NFL's All-Time receiving list with 15,934 yards, trailing only fellow Hall of Famer and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice.
2004 was one of the strongest seasons of Owens' 15-year career, when they caught 77 passes for 1,200 yards and 14 touchdowns as a member of the NFC Champion Eagles that fell to the New England Patriots 24-21. Owens caught nine passes for 122 yards on 14 targets from quarterback Donovan McNabb in Super Bowl XXXIX against the Patriots.
Super Bowl pick: Why Eagles will beat Pats
Owens' two-year stint with the Eagles came to an end after their relationship with McNabb soured, and they went through a bitter contract dispute with the front office prior to signing as a free agent with the Dallas Cowboys where they played three seasons.
Drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the third round of the 1996 NFL Draft, Owens went on to have a career in which they were named to six Pro Bowls, was a member of five first-team All-Pro teams, and finished three seasons as the NFL's receiving touchdowns leader.
The full Hall of Fame class will be officially announced Saturday evening during NFL Honors.
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
Boston Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel celebrates with manager Alex Cora after they defeated the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game at Fenway Park, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Boston. The Red Sox won 6-4. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tenants in Cheshire's 21 tower blocks will receive visits from Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service over the coming days to provide reassurance in the aftermath of the tragic inferno at Grenfell Towers in London.
The horrific blaze has so far claimed 12 lives and left more than 70 people injured.
Residents had reportedly raised fire safety concerns for several years before the blaze that engulfed the block of flats in west London in the early hours of Wednesday, according to a community action group.
A Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: “Following this morning's tragic fire at Grenfell Towers in London, while we cannot speculate about the cause of the fire, we can provide reassurance to the residents of the 21 high rise blocks across Cheshire.
“Every high rise is regularly inspected for fire safety by the service's prevention and protection teams, accompanied by operational firefighters, and these teams will be visiting all of them over the course of the next few days to provide reassurance to residents.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
“The service places a high priority on operational training for all incidents including high rise accommodation buildings and this training is given to all operational firefighters and incident commanders as well as to new recruits who also visit high rise blocks as part of their initial training.
“The training is carried out in various forms including realistic on-site exercises, virtual incidents in the incident command training suite, which has won awards for the scenarios created by the service's training group, and classroom and e-learning courses.
“The cause of the Grenfell Towers fire will be carried out by a number of agencies, one of which will be the housing association that manages the building.
"If any Cheshire resident has any concerns about the property they live in they should contact, in the first instance, their housing association or building management who carry out full fire risk assessments which will include advice for residents in the event of a fire.”
Image copyright PA
Children's author Sir Michael Morpurgo has spoken of their battle with cancer.
The renowned former children's laureate, now 74, had radiotherapy last year to treat cancer of the larynx.
They said they had "excellent prospects for a full recovery" and their voice was finding "new strength".
Sir Michael's most famous book, War Horse, about a young boy's attempts to save their horse during the First World War, has been successfully adapted for film and the stage.
They had cancelled several public appearances in September due to ill-health but the nature of their illness had not been known.
In an article for this week's Spectator magazine, Sir Michael said: "By 74 it is easy to feel that you have seen it all, done it all, that nothing much surprises you any more.
"Even an unwelcome medical diagnosis does not surprise you. You cope because you have to. You know it's what happens to us all."
Reflecting that many suffer illness earlier in life, they added: "I've been a lucky old parrot".
'Fortunate'
They spoke of how they kept themselves distracted during their treatment at London's Royal Marsden, saying that "besides Marie Currie," they thought of their children, grandchildren and great-grandchild - as well as the young people they taught during 10 years as teacher.
"They were all the hope I needed, lying there in that hospital being healed. It wasn't only the radiotherapy doing the healing. It was the memories of those children too.
"They helped me through, helped me to keep hoping, keep believing. They still do, every day," Sir Michael said.
They described how their perspective changed when "suddenly the disease became central to my life at home, and to my work.
"It had to be confronted, dealt with, both surgically and psychologically."
But they said they now has time to reflect on "how fortunate I have been."
Gabi says leaving Atletico Madrid was the hardest decision they have had to make in their career, with the club captain heading to Qatar.
The 34-year-old has agreed to join Stars League side Al Sadd, where they will join forces with another LaLiga icon in former Barcelona star Xavi.
Gabi announced their move at a news conference on Tuesday and said it was the right time to move on.
"It's a difficult and emotional day, thanks for helping me make the hardest decision of my career," Gabi said.
"I've been thinking with my heart since I was 12 and now I have to do it with my head.
"Two reasons. The first, that in a week I turn 35 and I probably do not have another similar opportunity.
"The second, that the two previous times [he could have left] I would not have been winning. This time I have the chance to leave with a title."
Gabi scored the last goal as Atletico beat Marseille 3-0 to seal the Europa League title and the midfielder is already plotting their return to the Wanda Metropolitano.
"I want to return as soon as possible, everyone knows that I consider it my home and I will help the club or with a scarf in my hand," Gabi added.
"First to learn English, to prepare myself and in two or three years I hope to be here."
Image copyright Lindsay Gottlieb/Twitter Image caption Lindsay Gottlieb and their fiance were asked to prove their son was theirs despite having their passport
Southwest Airlines has apologised after one of its officials asked a California basketball coach to prove that they were the mother of their bi-racial son.
Lindsay Gottlieb, who is white, and their fiance Patrick Martin, who is African American, were both present and showed the official their son's passport.
They say after showing their passport they were asked for further evidence through a Facebook post or birth certificate.
The airline said it would use the incident to "coach" employees.
Ms Gottlieb, who is the head coach of the University of California women's basketball team, called the incident "demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient" on Twitter.
"I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to 'prove' that they were my son, despite having their passport," Ms Gottlieb wrote.
"She said because we have different last name. My guess is because they have a different skin colour."
According to Southwest Airlines' policy, customer service agents must verify a child's age at the airport using a government-issued photo identification, but there is no regulation regarding matching last names of a child with the accompanying adult on domestic flights.
Airline officials said in a statement the company had contacted Ms Gottlieb and apologised "if our interaction made this family uncomfortable", the Washington Post reported.
Image copyright Lindsay Gottlieb/Twitter Image caption Lindsay Gottlieb (left), son Jordan (centre) and their fiance Patrick Martin (right)
Ms Gottlieb told a CBS News affiliate they did not feel the issue was an airline-wide problem, but "just one insensitive employee".
"It hurt my feelings," they said. "It made me feel a little bit less than and it's not OK."
You may also be interested in:
Ms Gottlieb and Mr Martin's son, Jordan Peter Martin, was born on 7 May, 2017. They have travelled frequently - and often on Southwest Airlines - with their mother's basketball team.
Later, Ms Gottlieb wrote on Twitter that their family was fine, but that these incidents were "much more common" for non-white parents.
"I do feel like as a white female, with a position of privilege, and a platform where someone is going to listen, it is my responsibility to say, 'hey, this happened, this isn't OK,'" they told CBS News.
"And maybe somewhere down the line, that helps my son, who is biracial and will be for their entire life."
SHARON, Pa. (WYTV) – Firefighters in Sharon were called into action around 3 p.m. Friday for a house fire on North Road.
Damage to the outside of the house was minimal, but the fire chief said there is extensive water and smoke damage inside.
The woman who lived in the house has been in a nursing home for several months, and the house was locked up.
The chief added that they don't have a cause yet, but it doesn't appear to be suspicious.
One killed in US military helicopter crash in Maryland
A crewmember was killed and two others injured when a US Army helicopter crashed at a golf course in the US state of Maryland on Monday, officials said.
The UH-60 Blackhawk was conducting a routine training flight when it crashed onto the golf course in St Mary's County in southern Maryland outside Washington.
The military initially described the incident as a “hard landing” but photos posted on social media showed the aircraft had been totally destroyed.
Three crew members were on board. Of the two injured crew members, one was in serious condition and one in critical condition, the Army said in a statement.
The Blackhawk was from the 12th Aviation Battalion, stationed at Davison Airfield, Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
The post One killed in US military helicopter crash in Maryland appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
With the royal wedding mere weeks away, the fashion world is buzzing in anticipation over what Meghan Markle might wear—and it seems designers have their minds on the big day as well. (Reem Acra and Monique Lhuillier, for instance, debuted breathtaking princess-inspired silhouettes at their Spring 2019 shows.) Among the other bridal fashion week trends? Minimalism, colorful hues, and a unconventional bridal suits. Here's a recap of our favorite looks from this season's collections.
AMMAN – Syrian rebels said on Saturday they had brought down a Russian warplane in an area of northern Syria's Idlib province that has seen heavy air strikes, and two rebel sources said they had captured the pilot who was badly injured.
A rebel source said the Sukhoi plane was shot down over Khan al-Subl town near the city of Saraqeb, close to a major highway that has come under fierce air attack, where the Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias are trying to advance on the ground.
see also Rebel-held Syrian town pummeled by airstrikes BEIRUT — A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm...
Two rebel sources said the pilot was badly injured after escaping the crash by parachute. A third rebel source said they were killed. There was no immediate comment from the Russian or Syrian armies.
At least five civilians were killed in the bombing of rebel-held Saraqeb city on Saturday, which residents blamed on Russian jets. Syrians in rebel-held areas say they can distinguish between Russian warplanes and those of the Syrian air force, because the Russian planes fly at higher altitude.
Residents say thousands of people have been forced by air strikes to flee the area, moving further north to the safety of makeshift camps constructed on the Syrian side of the Turkish border.
Russia's Defense Ministry regularly says it targets only hardline Islamist militants in Syria.
Syria's civil war, now entering its eighth year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and driven more than 11 million from their homes. Since Russia joined the war on the side of the Syrian government in 2015, rebels have lost control of nearly all major population centers, but they still maintain a stronghold in Idlib.
Inside the impressive repair shop at the Paralympic Games PYEONGCHANG, South Korea — Away from the stadiums, it's the most hectic place at the Paralympic Games — a white warehouse on a corner of Pyeongchang's athletes' village, where a...
Gus Kenworthy did everything to sit beside Adam Rippon on flight home Gus Kenworthy wants to ski and be heard. Fresh off the PyeongChang Games in South Korea, the 26-year-old freeskier, a vocal critic of vice president Mike Pence, spoke of the...
I shouldn't have removed my silver medal: Canadian hockey star Canada's Jocelyne Larocque is apologizing for removing their silver medal following their team's 3-2 shootout defeat to Team USA in the women's hockey gold medal game Thursday. “I want to...
Biggest wipeouts of the PyeongChang Games Olympic athletes push themselves to the limit -- sometimes with disastrous consequences -- during the PyeongChang Games.
Canadian skaters ready to let that sexual tension explode Scott Moir and Tessa Virtue have ended their Olympic careers, but — to the delight of fans — may still have a future together. The Canadian duo, whose not-so-PG programs...
US wins first Olympic gold medal in women's cross-country skiing PYEONGCHANG, South Korea — The United States has won its first Olympic gold medal in women's cross-country skiing, and Norwegian skier Marit Bjoergen has become the most decorated Winter Olympian...
Adam Rippon wants to look 'slutty' when they skate Adam Rippon is Team USA's most outspoken competitor — and they channel that brazenness in their skating costumes, too. When it comes to fashion, “Adam is interested in a lot...
The surprising engineering behind Olympic skaters' costumes This past Tuesday, US figure skater Mirai Nagasu made history. So did a woman named Pat Pearsall. You might already be familiar with Nagasu: The American skater's unprecedented triple axel...
Olympic skier shades Mike Pence after breaking thumb For Gus Kenworthy, there is a silver lining to breaking their thumb at the Olympics. After sustaining the injury during Wednesday's practice, the 26-year-old freeskier confirmed Thursday they would still...
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
GENEVA: The lack of humanitarian access granted by Myanmar's government to Rakhine state, where more than half-a-million Rohingya Muslims have fled violence, is “unacceptable,” the UN said Friday while the EU has urged Myanmar to allow refugees to return.
Mark Lowcock, the head of the UN humanitarian office, told reporters in Geneva: “The access we have in northern Rakhine state is unacceptable,”
A small UN team visited the crisis-wracked region in majority Buddhist Myanmar in recent days and described witnessing “unimaginable” suffering.
Myanmar has tightly controlled access to the state since last month when attacks by Rohingya militants prompted an army kickback that has sent 515,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. Scores of Rohingya villages have been torched.
Lowcock said they believed a “a high level” UN team would be able to visit the area “in the next few days.”
They repeated the UN's call for the government to allow “unhindered (and) unfettered” access.
“Half a million people do not pick up sticks and flee their country on a whim,” Lowcock added, stressing that the scale of the exodus was evidence of a severe crisis in northern Rakhine.
The UN has “substantial capacity” in Myanmar which can be quickly deployed to northern Rakhine once clearance is granted they added.
A Myanmar official tally says hundreds of people died as violence consumed remote communities, including Rohingya.
Hindus and ethnic Rakhine were also among the dead — allegedly killed by Rohingya militants.
Right groups say the real death toll is likely to be much higher, especially among the Rohingya, while the UN has labelled army operations as “ethnic cleansing” against the Muslim group.
There may be up to 100,000 more people in northern Rakhine waiting to cross into Bangladesh, according to the International Organization for Migration.
‘Let Rohingya return'
President Donald Tusk on Friday urged Myanmar to adhere to its international rights obligations and allow Rohingya refugees to return after weeks of violence that have forced more than half a million to flee to Bangladesh.
Tusk said Myanmar must give aid workers access to the troubled state of Rakhine, where the Rohingya ethnic minority say the military are burning their villages in a campaign of retribution for attacks on police posts.
They made the comments after talks with Indian leaders in New Delhi, which they said was first in line to respond to the refugee crisis as a neighboring country.
“The EU continues to assume its responsibilities by receiving people in need of protection and by assisting host countries close to the conflict zones,” said Tusk after the talks.
“We addressed the situation in Myanmar and the Rohingya refugee crisis. We want to see de-escalation of tension and the full adherence to international human rights obligations as well as full humanitarian access so the aid can reach those in need.”
The UN says more than half a million Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since an upsurge in violence in Rakhine at the end of August.
Myanmar has tightly controlled aid workers' access to the state since attacks in August by Rohingya militants which sparked a massive army crackdown.
Refugees interviewed in Bangladesh have accused the military and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists in the state of burning villages and raping and killing Rohingya Muslims, who are regarded as illegal immigrants in Myanmar.
A small UN team visited the crisis-wracked region in majority Buddhist Myanmar in recent days and described “unimaginable” suffering.
Tusk made their comments at the end of the 14th EU-India Summit, at which the two sides also discussed a long delayed trade agreement.
EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the summit had been an “important step in the right direction” toward an agreement, but gave no time frame for progress.
The EU is India's largest trading partner, accounting for more than 13 percent of the country's commerce.
GENEVA: The lack of humanitarian access granted by Myanmar's government to Rakhine state, where more than half-a-million Rohingya Muslims have fled violence, is “unacceptable,” the UN said Friday while the EU has urged Myanmar to allow refugees to return.
Mark Lowcock, the head of the UN humanitarian office, told reporters in Geneva: “The access we have in northern Rakhine state is unacceptable,”
A small UN team visited the crisis-wracked region in majority Buddhist Myanmar in recent days and described witnessing “unimaginable” suffering.
Myanmar has tightly controlled access to the state since last month when attacks by Rohingya militants prompted an army kickback that has sent 515,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. Scores of Rohingya villages have been torched.
Lowcock said they believed a “a high level” UN team would be able to visit the area “in the next few days.”
They repeated the UN's call for the government to allow “unhindered (and) unfettered” access.
“Half a million people do not pick up sticks and flee their country on a whim,” Lowcock added, stressing that the scale of the exodus was evidence of a severe crisis in northern Rakhine.
The UN has “substantial capacity” in Myanmar which can be quickly deployed to northern Rakhine once clearance is granted they added.
A Myanmar official tally says hundreds of people died as violence consumed remote communities, including Rohingya.
Hindus and ethnic Rakhine were also among the dead — allegedly killed by Rohingya militants.
Right groups say the real death toll is likely to be much higher, especially among the Rohingya, while the UN has labelled army operations as “ethnic cleansing” against the Muslim group.
There may be up to 100,000 more people in northern Rakhine waiting to cross into Bangladesh, according to the International Organization for Migration.
‘Let Rohingya return'
President Donald Tusk on Friday urged Myanmar to adhere to its international rights obligations and allow Rohingya refugees to return after weeks of violence that have forced more than half a million to flee to Bangladesh.
Tusk said Myanmar must give aid workers access to the troubled state of Rakhine, where the Rohingya ethnic minority say the military are burning their villages in a campaign of retribution for attacks on police posts.
They made the comments after talks with Indian leaders in New Delhi, which they said was first in line to respond to the refugee crisis as a neighboring country.
“The EU continues to assume its responsibilities by receiving people in need of protection and by assisting host countries close to the conflict zones,” said Tusk after the talks.
“We addressed the situation in Myanmar and the Rohingya refugee crisis. We want to see de-escalation of tension and the full adherence to international human rights obligations as well as full humanitarian access so the aid can reach those in need.”
The UN says more than half a million Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since an upsurge in violence in Rakhine at the end of August.
Myanmar has tightly controlled aid workers' access to the state since attacks in August by Rohingya militants which sparked a massive army crackdown.
Refugees interviewed in Bangladesh have accused the military and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists in the state of burning villages and raping and killing Rohingya Muslims, who are regarded as illegal immigrants in Myanmar.
A small UN team visited the crisis-wracked region in majority Buddhist Myanmar in recent days and described “unimaginable” suffering.
Tusk made their comments at the end of the 14th EU-India Summit, at which the two sides also discussed a long delayed trade agreement.
EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said the summit had been an “important step in the right direction” toward an agreement, but gave no time frame for progress.
The EU is India's largest trading partner, accounting for more than 13 percent of the country's commerce.
Jeff McLane, of the Philadelphia Inquirer, was kicked out of the press box by a member of the Eagles' media relations staff on Sunday, before Philadelphia would beat the Cowboys, 27-13.
Reporters, as is their wont, chronicled the incident, in which a disagreement with the Eagles staff boiled over into a chest-puffing ejection and threats for the rest of the media on hand.
Les Bowen, of the Philadelphia Daily News, explained that reporters were trying to suss out a call during the game, and an Eagles staffer told them to quiet down. The media members objected, McLane most of all.
Eagles ejected @Jeff_McLane from the press box. Check out @LesBowen's timeline for the story. pic.twitter.com/fij8p9mr9q — Brandon Lee Gowton (@BrandonGowton) January 1, 2017
The reported honcho flexing their authority is senior VP Anne Gordon, former managing editor/vice president of the Philadelphia Inquirer — where McLane works. They said they did not mind that these stories would be written.
After McLane was taken out of the press box, Eagles PR threatened the others, saying anyone who argued with the boot would be booted as well.
Click for more from the New York Post.
View 1 more event available today1 more event available today
Choose from our full range of coverage
TRENTON, N.J. — The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 per cent more than dummy pills.
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,041 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
——
This story has been corrected to show the drug's price will be $13,041 per month, not $13,401.
Image copyright Staffordshire Police Image caption Police calculated Wright's speed through CCTV of their Audi 5
A driver has been jailed over a crash which led to a 10-year-old girl needing their lower leg amputated.
Anthony Lee Wright, 36, was "calculated as travelling at 78 mph (125 km/h" about 100 metres before the crash in a 30mph (48 km/h) zone, police said.
Their Audi 5 crashed into a Seat Leon in Hempstalls Lane, Newcastle-under-Lyme, injuring the girl and their mother.
They were jailed for 40 months after admitting two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
They also admitted failing to provide a breath specimen.
The girl was a rear-seat passenger in the Seat when the crash happened on 16 September.
Image copyright Google Image caption The crash happened on Hempstalls Lane at the junction with Beattie Avenue in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire.
Judge Paul Glenn, at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court, also disqualified Wright, of Bradwell Lane, Newcastle-under-Lyme, from driving for more than five years. They will have to pass an extended test to get their licence, officers said.
Wright provided a positive roadside breath test at the scene, but later failed to provide samples at hospital, Staffordshire Police added.
Rich Moors, of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Due to the selfish actions of Anthony Wright a young girl's life has been changed beyond comprehension."
They praised the girl's family who "remained dignified throughout this process at this extremely difficult time".
1:07 Jerry Sandusky speaks out entering the Centre County Courthouse Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
5:33 Greg McGarity details west end zone project
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
The AHA said little is known about stroke care and trends over time for Asian Americans. For this particular study, researchers reviewed the outcomes of close to 1.8 million ischemic stroke patients. Around 96 percent were white and 4 percent Asian American, according to the AHA.
In their analysis, researchers found that compared to whites, being Asian American was associated with having poorer functional recovery, receiving the clot-busting drug tPA (tissue plasminogen activator, also known as r-TPA) less frequently, and experiencing more serious complications with tPA, despite receiving it quickly, the AHA said.
Considered the gold standard, tPA is the only FDA-approved treatment for ischemic strokes, which account for 87 percent of all strokes, according to the AHA.
Data for the study came from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association's Get with the Guidelines-Stroke database.
One positive note from the research was that it appeared stroke care for Asian Americans and whites had improved over time, according to Song.
“Looking from 2004 to 2016, our study shows that overall, patients with acute ischemic stroke are recovering more, and they are receiving more IV tPA, with fewer complications and better post-stroke care,” Song said.
The study does have limitations, Song noted. One is that all Asian Americans were lumped together, making it difficult to pull out meaningful findings for individual ethnic groups.
“We really don't know, in this study, which groups of Asian-Americans may have had higher risk, versus some may have had lower risk,” said Dr. Philip B. Gorelick, a spokesperson for the American Stroke Association. “So I don't think we want to generalize to all Asian-Americans as one group.”
Song noted how populations across the Asian-American spectrum vary in many ways.
“Aside from differences in language, differences in stroke risk factors, diet and lifestyle, and other cultural factors, make compiling all Asian-American groups into one single group problematic,” they said.
Nonetheless, Gorelick said there was a key take-home message for all populations.
“Blood pressure control is really important, as well as other modifiable risk factor control for stroke,” they said.
Limited attention has been paid to strokes and stroke care among Asian Americans because of barriers in care, education and research, according to the AHA. Song said that this preliminary research was a good first step.
“This information gives us the urgency and the credibility to do more research in Asian Americans, who have historically been understudied in the stroke and cardiovascular literature,” they said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
About
Working as part of the in­house team at ManvsMachine, I was involved in the animation of the soft body sims, edit, design and composting for the … Read More
Working as part of the in­house team at ManvsMachine, I was involved in the animation of the soft body sims, edit, design and composting for the Vapormax launch film. Read Less
Published:
This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
WASHINGTON — Did the National Rifle Association just shake lose the partisan logjam on guns or send the debate to an eventual dead end?
As momentum grows on Capitol Hill to ban bump stocks, the rapid-fire gun modifications tied to the Las Vegas shooting, lawmakers are facing two paths to action — regulation or legislation.
The future of bump stocks may be decided by which course officials take.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Republicans Open Door to 'Bump Stop' Regulation 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The NRA is hoping to head off new legislation by calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to strengthen regulations on bump stocks through "the existing federal gun laws," as the NRA's chief executive, Wayne LaPierre, said on Fox News Thursday night.
"If legislation worked, (the) Boston massacre wouldn't have happened. San Bernardino, where California has every gun law on the books, that wouldn't have happened,” LaPierre said.
President Donald Trump stands with National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre, right, and Chris W. Cox, executive director of the National Rifle Association Institute for Legislative Action as they arrive for the National Rifle Association Leadership Forum on April 28, 2017 in Atlanta. Evan Vucci / AP
But gun control advocates, rather than praising the NRA's support for new restrictions, are dismissing it as meaningless lip service.
"We reject and oppose the NRA response," said Peter Ambler, the executive director of Americans for Responsible Solutions, the group started by former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords from Arizona. "What the NRA is trying to do is a very typical tactic from them. Obfuscate, delay … try and bury it."
Critics say the problem with the NRA's approach to bump stocks is that regulators have already concluded several times that "ATF does not have the authority to restrict their lawful possession, use, or transfer," as the agency wrote in a 2013 letter to Congress.
The National Firearms Act, which regulates automatic weapons (called machine guns in the law), defines the weapons mechanically rather than by how rapidly they shoot. "The term 'machine gun' means any weapon which shoots ... automatically more than one shot ... by a single function of the trigger,” the law states.
But bump stocks leave the mechanics of a gun untouched and the trigger is still technically activated on each shot, just at a much faster rate than is possible without the modifications.
That leaves the ATF with little choice but to deem bump stocks legal under current law, said David Chipman, a former ATF agent.
"It's a case where technology has overwhelmed the law," said Chipman, who now works for Americans for Responsible Solution.
Some experts said the ATF is unlikely to change its ruling. The agency is under constant pressure from congressional gun-rights advocates, who regularly threaten to cut funding and have refused to confirm a director for years at a time. The agency has been without a Senate-confirmed leader since 2015.
"You have to understand how cautious ATF is," said Chipman, who spent 25 years at the agency. "They're not an organization that has the political backing to be aggressive in their rulings. It's just, keep your head down. ... That's the culture."
That's why even a growing number of Republicans have said the only way to deal with bump stocks is through new laws.
Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., listens during the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on "An Examination of FEMA's Limited Role in Local Land Use Development Decisions" on Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2016. Bill Clark / CQ Roll Call via AP file
"It's very clear to everyone here by now that this is a blatant circumvention of existing law," Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., who is pushing a bipartisan bill in the House, said on MSNBC Friday.
"To those who are saying we should just change the regulation, ATF should just change their interpretation — If they agree that these devices should be illegal, then let's codify it," they added. "Let's turn that into law so that a future ATF cannot reinterpret the legislation."
A new, non-invasive knee procedure could bring some relief for patients suffering from debilitating chronic pain, for whom surgery is not an option.
The treatment, recently approved by the Food and Drug Administration, is called “cooled radio frequency ablation” and is a less drastic option for people with moderate to severe osteoarthritis pain who are not ready to have knee replacement surgery, or who have health conditions that don't make them a good candidate for surgery.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FDA Approves New Treatment For Chronic Knee Pain 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Marketed as "Coolief", the procedure uses radio frequency to target and mute the nerves responsible for sending pain signals from the arthritic knee to the brain. Coolief doesn't repair arthritis in the knee, but eases the pain, helping patients go back to activities without discomfort and fewer medications.
“What we're changing is the wiring of the knee — so we're taking away the pain signal and interrupting it," Dr. Amin Sandeep, a pain specialist at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago who performs the procedure, told NBC News.
One 2016 study compared Coolief to popular cortisone injections, with patients reporting greater, longer-lasting pain relief with the new treatment than injections. Coolief reduces pain for about to 6 to 12 months, depending on how fast the nerves in the knee regenerate.
Related: Common Knee Surgery May Not Help You
Osteoarthritis can affect any joint when the cartilage wears off over time, often striking big joints like the knee, causing pain, swelling and stiffness. According to the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons, nearly 10 million Americans had osteoarthritis of the knee in 2010.
The three current recommended approaches for knee arthritis pain are physical therapy, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as ibuprofen and naproxen, or the opioid painkiller tramadol.
But those didn't help Felicia McCloden, a 65-year-old grandmother from outside of Chicago. The excruciating pain in their right knee made simple tasks like grocery shopping impossible.
“I had inflammation, swelling, and my knee was like the size of a golf ball, McCloden told NBC News. "The arthritis was so bad that I could barely step down without severe pain.”
Because they aren't eligible for a knee replacement they tried cortisone injections, physical therapy, medications — nothing relieved their pain.
"I thought I was going to limp for the rest of my life," they said.
Related: What Really Helps Knee Pain? The Answer May Surprise You
In May, McCloden underwent the Coolief treatment and the result was instant.
“I couldn't even imagine first of all, not having the pain," they said. "It erased all of that.”
The outpatient procedure typically takes about 40 minutes, is performed with local anesthesia and doesn't require an incision. Instead, doctors use specialized needles that emit radio frequencywaves into the knee. The cost of the treatment is between $2,000 and $4,000. Because it was just approved by the FDA in April, the treatment is not widely available yet, but pain centers across the country are beginning to offer it.
Some of the reported risks from the procedure include bleeding and infection. "Though patients have a risk of the physician hitting the wrong nerve, that is extremely rare in the hands of an experienced professional”, Amin said.
Recovery time is minimal, with most patients walking immediately after the procedure and resuming normal activities in a day or two.
For some patients with structural problems of the knee, the procedure won't help, said pain specialist Dr. Edgar Ross, associate professor of anesthesia at Brigham and Women's Hospital.
"But let's say a patient is younger, instead of going for a total knee replacement early, which might have to be repeated later on, Coolief can postpone the need for the total knee replacement," Ross told NBC News.
Coolief can be repeated if necessary, but it's not a permanent solution. While it reduces pain, it can't stop the progression of osteoarthritis.
"While it can delay total knee replacement, knee replacement may still eventually be necessary in a big number of patients," said Dr. Dennis Cardone, associate professor of orthopedic surgery at NYU Langone Medical Center.
A new indoor climbing and fitness center is now open in the Biggest Little City.
Mesa Rim Climbing & Fitness Center is a newly constructed, 24,000 square foot fitness facility at 970 Harvard Way in Reno. The center provides another fitness option for Northern Nevada's many fitness enthusiasts.
"Reno is such an amazing outdoor community," said Marlowe Kulley, co-founder and manager of the Reno facility. "For people who love the outdoors, this is a great way to train."
The fitness center features 23,000 square feet of climbing terrain and 52-foot climbing walls.
"The goal with our facility is to create not only a big impressive facility but an all-encompassing facility," they said.
In addition to the climbing and bouldering area, the center also features a yoga studio, fitness areas with weights and cardio, locker rooms, a sauna, a gear shop, a deck, community spaces and more.
Recommended Stories For You
The facility officially opened July 31 and held its grand opening celebration Aug. 5. Day passes cost $19 and a membership cost $70 per month, both give people access to the entire facility and all of the classes. They also have discounted prices for students, seniors, military and first responders.
The routes along the climbing walls are frequently changed in order to provide a new experience for its members.
"Every time you walk in the door there is a new challenge," Kulley said.
The facility caters to all every skill level of climber. Mesa Rim provides a range of programs and activities for kids, as well as team building and corporate retreat options that businesses can take advantage of in the area.
Prior to construction of the facility, the three-plus acre lot of land had sat vacant for many years.
"It was pretty special to be able to design a building from scratch specifically for this type of activity," Kulley said.
Clark/Sullivan Construction served as the contractor on the fitness center and MBA Architecture + Interiors served as the architect. Kulley explained that they looked into renovating existing buildings but could not find a place that would fit their need of size, location, adequate parking, etc. Constructing the building from the ground up allowed them to design the facility to fit their vision.
"It is not just meeting the functional needs of being big enough and tall enough but we did a really good job of making it a fun and an aesthetically pleasing place," they said.
Mesa Rim joins several other climbing facilities in the Reno area including BaseCamp's 164-foot outdoor climbing wall and its 7,000-square-foot indoor bouldering park located within the Whitney Peak Hotel as well as the RockSport Indoor Climbing in Sparks.
Mesa Rim was founded in San Diego in 2010 by climbers Bob Kain and Ian McIntosh. They have several full-service climbing facilities and a dedicated climbing training center, all in the San Diego area. The Reno project is a joint venture between Mesa Rim, Kulley, their husband Mike Helt and some local investors. The couple saw Reno as a great place to expand the Mesa Rim brand.
"From a business side, we just feel so lucky that we got in a market that just has such great potential," Kulley said. "(Reno) is really reinventing itself as a great place to live and work and play and for us to be part of that and to add another aspect for people to play is really exciting."
According to Kulley, the business currently employs 20 people and already has more than 200 members.
Mesa Rim Reno is open weekdays from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. and 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. on the weekends. For information, visit http://www.mesarim.com/locations/reno-nv.
Image copyright PA
The number of cars built in the UK in April rose 5.2% on the same month last year, the industry's trade body says.
Some 127,950 cars rolled off production lines, driven by investment in new models, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said.
However, last month's increase came off the back of a double-digit fall in production in April 2017.
SMMT boss Mike Hawes said the rise was not a surprise, and they again warned about Brexit's impact on the industry.
In April last year the timing of the Easter bank holiday hit output. For that reason, the SMMT chief executive said, last month's "growth isn't altogether surprising".
Manufacturing for both home and overseas markets rose by 7.3% and 4.7% respectively, with 103,662 cars built for export in April and accounting for 81.0% of production.
Despite April's rise, the picture so far this year is more gloomy.
Overall output is down 3.9%, with a total of 568,378 cars manufactured in the first four months. Four-fifths of these were exported, as domestic demand fell 10.3% against only a 2.2% decline in vehicles destined for export.
In March, the number of cars built fell 13.3% year-on-year.
The SMMT has warned that the industry is increasingly concerned about the progress of Brexit trade talks, and Mr Hawes returned to the theme on Thursday.
In a statement accompanying the production figures, they said April's rise was due to planned new model investment that "was made on the basis of the free and frictionless trade afforded by our EU membership".
Future growth of the UK car industry "depends upon maintaining these competitive conditions after Brexit", they added. "That's why it is critical that government acts to safeguard our participation in the EU customs union and single market."
Roma legend Francesco Totti has warned their former club to keep its priorities straight after drawing Shakhtar Donetsk in the Champions League's last 16.
Surprise winners of Group C, Roma avoided the possibility of drawing either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich for what will be their second appearance in the knockout stages in seven seasons.
Ukrainian champions Shakhtar finished second behind Manchester City in Group F, winning of four of six matches to advance ahead of Napoli.
While hopeful of progression, Totti does not want the Giallorossi to lose focus on Serie A.
"Given what was there, it went well," Totti told SportMediaset of Roma's draw.
"Do not underestimate [Shakhtar] though, because they are technically and physically strong and play well at home.
"It will be an open game, but the further you go the harder it is.
DI FRANCESCO | "Shakhtar are a top side, who managed to qualify from a very tough group. We fought to earn the right to be in the last-16 draw, and we will do everything we can to continue our adventure!"
#ASRoma #UCL https://t.co/4Ubt4N2PQ8 — AS Roma English (@ASRomaEN) December 11, 2017
"A lot of things can happen between now and February. We will think about the league and then in February we will think about trying to go through, which would be important for us.
"The league is the main objective for us. With respect to the Champions League, we know that the further we go the stronger teams we will face, stronger than Roma.
"Football is about big surprises though and we will cause problems for any side we meet."
The first leg will be hosted by Shakhtar in February, with the return meeting to be played in the Italian capital in March.
Irish Water and Kildare County Council are continuing to monitoring all water supplies across the county on a daily basis while this unprecedented dry spell continues.
There are currently no water restrictions in place in Kildare, however, the public are urged to conserve water in every way possible to ensure a continuous supply for all. As the weather conditions remain warm and the drought is increasingly reducing levels in rivers, lakes and boreholes, production at water treatment plants is struggling to meet increasing demand.
As well as reducing consumption, Irish Water are appealing to the public to report leaks on the public water network to 1850 278 278 and to repair private side leaks in both homes and in businesses.
The public are asked to change their mind set on water usage and to conserve water now and for the months ahead, as it will take many weeks and even months for raw water levels to restore in rivers, lakes, and boreholes and for treated water levels to restore in our storage reservoirs.
The Water Conservation Order and hosepipe ban for the Greater Dublin Area is in place until July 31 but Irish Water will keep the situation under review and may have to extend the period of time the order is in place. It is likely that similar orders will be brought in over the coming weeks on other schemes.
Five points and five places separate Thistle and Well
BBC coverage
How to follow: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland (FM) & the BBC Sport website
Elliott Frear is set to return for Motherwell for the first time this year against Partick Thistle at Fir Park.
George Newell is set to return next week, while Ryan Bowman faces another month out and Ellis Plummer will miss the rest of the season.
Partick Thistle hope they have contained a sickness bug which affected two players earlier in the week.
If so they could have an unchanged squad, but Gary Fraser, Stuart Bannigan and Christie Elliott remain out.
MATCH STATS
Motherwell is unbeaten on home soil against Partick Thistle in their previous 12 meetings and have won the past four against the Jags at Fir Park.
But Well have won just one of their past 11 games in the top flight.
And the Jags won the most recent encounter with the Steelmen, 3-2 at Firhill.
Thistle's Tomas Cerny has made more saves than any other goalkeeper in the Scottish Premiership this season (74).
PRE-MATCH VIEWS
Motherwell boss Stephen Robinson may still bring in another striker after seeing a move break down on deadline day, with George Newell and Ryan Bowman injured.
"Had they been fit I wouldn't be looking again but unfortunately they both got injured in the space of 24 hours," Robinson said.
"We will see what comes up, but I don't want to rush into it. I don't want to just fill the squad with players.
"We have three or four players I feel can really contribute, and then we have to look down the line to the young ones."
Thistle full-back Callum Booth thinks it is positive the club were quiet in the transfer window, with boss Alan Archibald making only one signing - defender Baily Cargill on loan from Bournemouth.
"With the boys [Abdul Osman and Mustapha Dumbuya] coming back from injury, I know it's an old cliche, but it's kind of been like new signings for us. We still have a couple to come back as well.
"The squad is really healthy and there's no point signing players for the sake of it. It's probably good that the manager didn't bring anyone in and now it's up to us to prove them right."
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro said on Monday that the people on the street are Venezuela's response to the warmongering threats of President Donald Trump.
“Once again the people, again the street, again heroism, again the bravery before the threats of imperialism, before the threats of the tycoon and emperor Donald Trump.Here is the response of the people in the street,” said the head of state in the Palace of Miraflores, Caracas, where Venezuelans marched in protest against threats of the US regime. There were also mobilizations in some capitals of the interior.
Maduro recalled that on July 30, during the National Constituent Assembly (ANC) elections, the people gave a lesson of peace to the world, after more than three months right sector violence .
“We demonstrate to the world that Venezuela is capable of defeating violence, bullets, it is capable of crossing rivers, mountains, cities, and is capable of the greatest heroism,” they said.
“The people of Venezuela are a free, rebellious people,” they emphasized. Venezuela is a country of peace, independent and sovereign, that does not accept threats from any empire. “ Trump threatened military aggression, to occupy Venezuela militarily. Do you believe that the people of Venezuela can be threatened? They do not know our people or our history. A country of peace, dignity!”
“Trump, playing golf in their private camp with Rex Tillerson, their chancellor, and their ambassador to the United Nations, issued the most insolent, vulgar, offensive threat ever made against Venezuela in the history of international relations,.”
“Venezuela has set a democratic example year after year. Venezuela has the world record for transparent, meticulous electoral processes during the 18 years since the socialist Bolivarian Revolution,” they said, comparing this accomplishment with the eight elections held by states United in the same period.
They pointed out that the attacks and aggressions carried out by the national and international right against Venezuela, which the American empire is at the forefront, are precisely due to the fact that they have not been able to take power through democratic means.
Last Friday the US government advanced its onslaught against the Venezuelan people by publicly announcing the possibility of military intervention as punishment for sovereign decisions such as the installation of the ANC, chosen in direct democratic election by more than eight million Venezuelans.
In addition, US Vice President Mike Pence reiterated during their visit to Colombia this weekend their intention to isolate Venezuela politically, economically and diplomatically.
Maduro thanked the peoples of the world who expressed their solidarity and their rejection of the pretensions of the United States.
Justice
The president reiterated that those responsible for vandalism and terrorist actions executed over 120 days to justify foreign intervention must answer to the people. They asked the National Constituent Assembly, through the Truth Commission, to address those who committed violent acts, which left more than 100 civilians dead and more than a thousand injured, as well as damage to public and private property. They requested that the Truth Commission initiate a process of bringing to justice pro-intervention agents who support US threats against the country.
“The Venezuelan people delivered a veritable knockout to the violent opposition on July 30. They have not recovered and since July 30, peace reigns.”
Maduro questioned the communiqué of the right-wing coalition MUD, in which they supported Trump's threat. “They do not say a word to defend the right to peace of this sacred land that is Venezuela,” they lamented.
They warned that the United States has entered a “phase of despair” and increased its interference against the country, following the failure of the Venezuelan opposition.
Likewise, they said that in the United States a new fascist current is growing that threatens the peoples of Latin America and the world.
“In the United States a flood of white supremacists has emerged, and behind the rise of the white supremacists is the hidden power of the Ku Klux Klan and the extremists who attack Venezuela and the world's migrant,s who hate and despise the peoples of America, Latin America and the Caribbean.”
Economic recovery
The President pointed out that restoring the stability and balance of national economy is the central task of the country, which has mechanisms such as the ANC to realize this purpose.
“As we reclaim political peace, we will recover economic peace,” they said.
SASKATOON — A relative of a woman found dead on a fire escape in Saskatoon says it's possible they froze to death after being locked out.
The relative, who didn't want to give their name out of concern that other family members would be upset, confirms Rita May Arnault was the person police say was discovered by a passerby early Thursday.
Police say in a news release that their investigation and an autopsy have found nothing suspicious, but investigators are still asking anyone with information or surveillance video from the area to contact them.
The relative says Arnault lived in North Battleford and was staying with a friend in Saskatoon, where they visited frequently to help care for their mother.
They say Arnault did drink when they came to Saskatoon, and it's possible they were intoxicated when they got onto the fire escape.
The temperature dropped as low as -30 C the night before their body was discovered.
“She probably was drinking and they probably got locked out and just sat there and felt warm and passed out,” the relative said.
“Nobody went and found her.”
The relative said Arnault recently survived breast cancer.
They also said Arnault just learned they would be a grandmother.
Lawanda Brown, of Fernandina Beach, Florida, was charged with attempted murder on May 29, 2018. Nassau County Sheriff's deputies say they shot their husband in the head in their home after they didn't like their tone in the way they asked them to do a Google search. Nassau County Sheriff's Office
A large swath of the country can expect yet another generous helping of rain, snow and wind on Tuesday and Wednesday, as the fourth nor'easter in less than three weeks sets its sights on the Northeast and Midwest.
The storm's path could bring six to 12 inches of snow to the Upper Ohio Valley, which includes parts of Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania, as well as parts of the East Coast, from Virginia up to Massachusetts, on the first day of spring, according to Weather Channel senior meteorologist Frank Giannasca.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Severe weather expected on first day of Spring 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Giannasca also noted that the storm system would strike in two parts over the course of approximately 36 hours, with a weaker rain-snow mix probably arriving Tuesday night, followed by a short lull and then the brunt of the storm on Wednesday.
RELATED: Powerful storm leaves 9 dead, swaths of East Coast in the dark
“Within that area, bigger cities affected by the system would include Columbus, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, New York and Boston,” Giannasca said. “Things could change tonight or tomorrow as the storm starts to wrap up and the features come together.”
The storm is also likely to be accompanied by sustained winds of 15 to 25 mph and gusts of up to 60 mph in some coastal areas, making for a blustery, chilly Wednesday, according to NBC Philadelphia and the National Weather Service.
This system follows in the footsteps of a trio of deadly nor'easters that bashed the East earlier this month, leaving behind a path of flight cancellations, power outages and deaths.
Walking the dog between snow-covered trees during a nor'easter on March 8 in Portland, Maine. Robert F. Bukaty / AP
The first nor'easter of the month struck on March 2 and halted the Northeast's flights and commuter rail systems. A second nor'easter on March 7 left thousands without power and dumped approximately two feet of snow on the ground. The most recent nor'easter, on March 12, missed the majority of the Northeast but left parts of Long Island and Connecticut with 11 to 18 inches of snow.
RELATED: Another nor'easter heads for East Coast, but no one knows precisely where it will hit
Across the East Coast, residents seemed both worried and exhausted by the number of nor'easters that had hit the region in a such a short period of time.
"Honestly, these nor'easters get a little tiring, but more scary than tiring because they're happening this frequently,” said Brian Reilly, a New York City resident. “It's more scary than tiring because you're like ‘Why is this happening?' more than ‘When is it happening?' ”
Fortunately for the East, the upcoming nor'easter will probably be the last of the season, according to Giannasca.
Christina Mesavage leads a family friend, Una Mayer, center, and their son Jude up a sledding hill on March 8 in Portland, Maine. Robert F. Bukaty / AP file
“The reason for the nor'easters is a pattern that we're in right now where we've had some blocking in the high latitudes," they said. "Oftentimes, when we have this blocking, it tends to produce a pattern of cold air over the Eastern United States that allows the storm track to move around the country and develop strong storms in the East Coast.
“As for how long that's going to stick around, for at least the time being, this might be the last one, at least from what I can see.”
Rootstock Engineer Discovers Quadratic Delays in Bitcoin Scripts
On April 16 the chief engineer of Rootstock, Sergio Demian Lerner, revealed in a blog post that they had found new quadratic delays in Bitcoin scripts while researching the Segregated Witness (Segwit) protocol.
Also Read: Lerner Offers a Block Size Compromise with Segwit2MB
Rootstock Chief Engineer Reviews Segregated Witness
Lerner details they began researching Segwit scaling last week and started studying the code “specifically, the EvalScript() function.” During this time, Lerner found two quadratic complexity loops in the Bitcoin Core protocol. The results of the tests shouldn't make anyone worry, Lerner says, as they believe there are “worse problems in Bitcoin block verification.” However, they go on to detail one possible attack scenario from a malicious miner within the network.
“A malicious miner can create a Segwit block that requires approximately 10 seconds to be verified,” explains Rootstock's chief engineer. “Since the examples presented in this post consume less than 10 seconds.”
I don't consider my findings as vulnerabilities. However, if the block size is to be increased in the future, these problems should be solved prior to increasing the block size. The scripts presented here as examples do not leave the value stack empty, but the Bitcoin protocol does not require it. Bitcoin only requires the top value to be true to accept the script.
‘Optimizations Needed to Prevent Future Surprises in the Scaling Path'
Lerner goes on further describing an issue that they call “the unsatisfied questioner: OP_IF abuse” problem, and an issue called “Rock-and-Roll” which is located in the OP_ROLL opcode. They also detail that a lot has been done as far as optimizing block processing but says “there are a few pieces of old code that still require some minor optimizations to prevent future surprises in the scaling path.”
New quadratic delays in Bitcoin scripts –> https://t.co/mC2oBxyDlX — Sergio Demian Lerner (@SDLerner) April 17, 2017
As the research from Lerner gained attention across forums and social media, most people were pleased with the engineer's discoveries. One Reddit user exclaims, “It's important that these exploits are found, disclosed, and hopefully patched.”
In addition, Bitcoin security expert Kristov Atlas complemented Lerner and their findings via Twitter, stating:
Another great write-up on DoS vector. Thanks for researching and posting.
Parallel Validation
Another idea brought to light on Lerner's blog post comes from a commenter asking, “Do you have already an opinion on BUIP033: Parallel Validation?” BUIP033 is a concept conceived by Bitcoin developer Peter Tschipper in October of 2016, which proposes to create a separate thread for block validation. Essentially this would be in contrast to the current method of validating each block through the main processing thread.
“I think it is essential to scalability,” Lerner replies to the comment. “It reduces the impact of all block-size related issues.”
Lerner's Involvement with the Scaling Debate
The Rootstock engineer has voiced their opinion quite a bit throughout the great Bitcoin scaling debate. The developer has also written a block size proposal recently which involves Segwit and a 2mb block size increase. The “Segwit 2mb – combined soft/hard fork” scaling plan got mixed responses and reviews from Bitcoin developers last month. Lerner is also one of the inventors of the controversial mining patent ASIC Boost which has escalated the scaling discussion to new levels.
What do you think about Sergio Demian Lerner's quadratic delay findings? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Twitter, and Pixabay.
The Bitcoin universe is vast. So is Bitcoin.com. Check our Wiki, where you can learn everything you were afraid to ask. Or read our news coverage to stay up to date on the latest. Or delve into statistics on our helpful tools page.
The post Rootstock Engineer Discovers Quadratic Delays in Bitcoin Scripts appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Resident in Shock as Farmer Commits Suicide After Killing Their Wife For Failing To Cook Their Favourite Meal
A young man identified as Emmanuel Awugye, who allegedly killed their 32-year-old wife, Ama Baduwaa, has reportedly committed suicide by hanging at Awugyekrom near Adansi Fumso in the Ashanti region of Ghana on Monday morning. According to Adom Online, Ibrahim Abu, an uncle of the 35-year-old farmer, who disclosed the incident, said the body of […]
The post Resident in Shock as Farmer Commits Suicide After Killing Their Wife For Failing To Cook Their Favourite Meal appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND (AP) — Los Angeles Dodgers Yasiel Puig has been suspended one game and fined by Major League Baseball for making an obscene gesture to Indians fans on Tuesday night.
Puig flashed the middle finger on both hands at fans sitting behind home plate at Progressive Field after hitting a home run in the second inning. Baseball executive Joe Torre announced the one-game penalty and undisclosed fine.
Puig is appealing the decision and will play Wednesday night. The mercurial player said they “stooped” to the level of fans who they said were heckling them in the on-deck circle. Puig said that the group of fans kept talking to them after the home run.
The suspension is the latest incident involving Puig, who has tried the Dodgers' patience with previous behavior.
Puig got two hits in the Dodgers' 7-5 win over the Indians.
Comments
comments
LOS ANGELES — The animated family film "Coco" has topped the box office for a third time on a quiet, pre-"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" weekend in theaters.
Disney estimated Sunday that "Coco" added $18.3 million, which would bring its domestic total to $135.5 million.
The weekend's sole new wide release was the Morgan Freeman film "Just Getting Started," which launched to a meager $3.2 million from 2,161 theaters and barely made the top 10.
A scene from 'Coco.' Pixar
Most studios have chosen to avoid competing against "The Last Jedi," which is expected to dominate theaters and moviegoer attention when it opens on Friday. So most of the charts have looked quite similar for the past few weeks.
Warner Bros. and DC's "Justice League" took second place, with $9.6 million, and Lionsgate's sleeper hit "Wonder," which has passed $100 million, placed third, with $8.5 million. Warner Bros. also crossed the $2 billion benchmark domestically Saturday — the first studio to do so in 2017.
The quiet period before "Star Wars" has allowed some indie and prestige titles to thrive in limited releases and expansions, like James Franco's "The Disaster Artist." The film, about the making of one of the worst films of all time, "The Room," expanded to 840 locations in its second weekend in theaters. It managed to bring in $6.4 million, landing it in fourth place.
Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age film, "Lady Bird," also added 363 locations and placed ninth in its sixth weekend in theaters. With $3.5 million from this weekend, "Lady Bird" has netted $22.3 million.
"This is the best time to be a moviegoer if you're an indie fan," said Paul Dergarabedian, a senior media analyst for comScore. "The last few weeks have enabled films like 'The Shape of Water,' 'Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,' and now 'I, Tonya' to really find an audience."
They added: "It's a great time for those films ahead of the box office death star that is 'Star Wars.'"
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included. Final domestic figures will be released Monday.
Kentucky's Jarred Vanderbilt, right, Nick Richards, centers and Missouri's Reed Nikko, left, battle for rebound during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Columbia, Mo. L.G. Patterson AP Photo
Four people were killed and several others wounded when a...
Accused Waffle House killer Travis Reinking's $2 million bond was revoked by a judge Tuesday after public outcry.
Reinking, 29, was arrested Monday for allegedly opening fire at a Nashville, Tenn., Waffle House — killing four people and wounding others — while wearing nothing but a green jacket.
Davidson County Judge Michael Mondelli didn't say why they revoked the suspected killer's bond, but it had been heavily criticized when set by another jurist Monday night. The $2 million represented $500,000 for each of the dead victims.
Reinking or their family would have had to post 10 percent — or $200,000 — for them to walk out of jail, local outlet WTVF noted.
Mondelli set a bond hearing for Wednesday, WGN-TV reported.
Authorities were still trying to figure out what Reinking was up to during the 35 hours between the fatal attack and their arrest.
The motive for the attack is still unknown.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — A mummified body discovered near the site of a former royal mausoleum in Iran may be the remains of Reza Shah Pahlavi, the founder of the Pahlavi dynasty and the father of the country's last shah.
The recent find of the gauze-wrapped body — and the speculation it triggered — puts new hurdles in the way of the Islamic Republic's efforts to fully erase the country's dynastic past, which includes the jack-hammered destruction of the autocrat's tomb immediately after the 1979 revolution.
Yet, as disaffection and economic problems grow ahead of the Islamic Revolution's 40th anniversary, mystique around Iran's age of monarchies persists even with its own history of abuses.
Reza Shah's grandson, the U.S.-based exiled Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi, already tweeted about it as forensic experts in Iran try to determine whose body they found.
Construction workers discovered the mummified remains while working at the Shiite shrine of Abdul Azim, whose minarets once rose behind Reza Shah's own mausoleum. A digger pulling away dirt and debris uncovered the body, according to the semi-official ISNA news agency.
Pictures of the body, as well as construction workers posing with it, quickly ricocheted across social media in Iran.
A spokesperson for the shrine dismissed the idea of a mummy being found there. However, Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran City Council's cultural heritage and tourism committee, was quoted by the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday that it's “possible” the mummy is the body of Reza Shah.
Authorities say they'll need to conduct DNA tests to confirm whose body it is.
State television has yet to report on the find, likely due to complications that mentioning the Pahlavis can entail.
State media typically refer to the Persian dynasties, including the Pahlavis, as “despotic,” focusing on the abuses of the monarchy's feared SAVAK intelligence agency and their once-lavish lifestyles.
Reza Shah's own rise gave birth to modern Iran itself, then still called Persia until they ordered foreign diplomats to cease using the name. They came to power in 1925, ruling as an absolute autocrat who used taxes and the country's burgeoning oil revenues to rapidly modernize the nation.
Their decisions echo today, particularly their 1936 decree banning women from wearing long, flowing black robes known as chadors. They ordered men to wear Western clothes and bring their wives to public functions with their hair uncovered, borrowing from the secularization of Turkey's first President Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, a contemporary.
The ban became a source of humiliation for some pious Muslim women in the country. Shiite clerics, angry over their secular beliefs, purges and mass arrests of opponents, held grudges that would foment the coming revolution. Controversies over the chador and hijab persist in Iran today .
Iran's strong trade ties with Germany, Reza Shah's push for neutrality amid the coming of World War II and Western fears over its oil supplies falling to the Nazis ultimately sparked a Russian-British invasion of the country in 1941. Reza Shah abdicated in favour of their son, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, at the insistence of the occupying British forces.
Reza Shah ended up in South Africa, dying there in 1944. Their body was taken to Cairo, mummified and held for years before returning to Iran. A grand mausoleum near Tehran held their body for years, which then-President Richard Nixon visited in 1972.
After 1979, however, Islamists viewed the mausoleum as an affront.
Iranian cleric Ayatollah Sadegh Khalkhali, who ordered the executions of hundreds after the revolution, led a mob of supporters who used sledgehammers, jack hammers and other tools to demolish the mausoleum.
Khalkhali later would write in their memoirs that they believed the shah's family took Reza Shah's body when they fled the country. The shah's family, however, maintained the body remained in Iran. Their son Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was buried in Cairo after dying of cancer in 1980.
Today, Iran's youth remain fascinated by the time before the revolution. Television period pieces have focused on the Pahlavi dynasty, including the recent state TV series “The Enigma of the Shah,” the most expensive series ever produced to air in the country. While incorporating romances or mobsters into the tales, all shows uniformly criticize the royal court.
Reza Shah's grandson, Reza Pahlavi, has seen their profile rise following the election of President Donald Trump, who appears to hold the future of the Iran nuclear deal in the balance. From exile, the crown prince has agitated for an end to Iran's theocracy — though gauging national sentiment about restoring the monarchy remains impossible.
Pahlavi took to Twitter on Monday night to tell Iranian officials they are watching what they will do next with the body.
“I warn the responsible authorities not to hide anything,” they wrote.
——
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/jongambrellap . Their work can be found at http://apne.ws/2galNpz .
ARTISTS and all cultural practitioners are being invited to apply for subsidised residential apartments in John's Square.
Limerick City and County Council has announced an open call to “recognised cultural practitioners” across all art forms, to apply for the use of these apartments.
The artists' apartments, 1-2 John's Square, form a part of the Limerick Cultural Strategy to continue to develop the cultural infrastructure of Limerick and to support the cultural economy.
The apartments create conditions for affordable living spaces for individual artists and attract and keep artists living and working in Limerick city, by encouraging living and working within the urban context.
The apartments provide subsidised living spaces in recognition that artists and many individuals working in the arts are on modest income levels.
They offer affordable residential accommodation for recognised professional cultural practitioners setting out on their careers and at mid-career. Although applicants may not necessarily earn income continuously from their cultural practice, they must identify themselves and be recognised by their peers as professional practitioners.
“The Limerick Artists' Apartments are now in the fourth year of operation and are the country's first subsidised living space scheme for artists,” said Sheila Deegan, Limerick Arts Officer.
“This scheme has proved to be tremendously popular and this open call for a cultural practitioner is for the use of one of the residential apartments at John's Square.
“One of the ambitions and objectives of the Limerick Cultural Strategy is to grow Limerick's cultural capacity by retaining and attracting creative practitioners to live and work in Limerick.
“The artists' apartments in John's Square achieve this in a modest but important way in one of the most historic parts of Limerick,” they added.
This is a competitive selection process. A selection committee reviews the applications and based on the material provided makes recommendations to Limerick City and County Council. An interview may form a part of the selection process.
Applications must be submitted, preferably electronically by 12 noon, Monday, April 24, to artsofficesubmissions@limerick.ie using the reference ‘APTS17'
Image copyright Shutterstock Image caption Stephen Boyd was born in Northern Ireland and became a Hollywood legend
Actor Stephen Boyd, who became a Hollywood film idol, has been commemorated with a blue plaque close to their Newtownabbey birthplace.
Boyd is famous for the chariot scene in the 1950s blockbuster, Ben-Hur, when they raced alongside Charlton Heston.
But they were originally Billy Millar from Glengormley, the youngest of nine children, born on 4 July 1931.
It was a chance encounter with Sir Michael Redgrave at a London cinema that paved the way to success.
Before that, the aspiring actor had spent nights on a park bench and even busked outside the cinema to make money.
Sir Michael helped them along the road to success. They had their big break with the Hollywood epic, Ben Hur.
Image caption The blue plaque was unveiled on Wednesday afternoon
They won a Golden Globe for best supporting actor for their role and carried the scars from that chariot race for the rest of their life.
During their career, they played opposite famous leading ladies including Sophia Loren, Doris Day and Brigitte Bardot.
Despite the glamour, they never forgot their roots and returned to their parent's house as often as they could. They bought a bungalow for their parents in Bangor and named it Messala - their character in Ben-Hur.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Stephen Boyd's Hollywood success has been celebrated by the Ulster History Circle
They died of a heart attack in 1977, aged 46.
The plaque was unveiled at noon on Wednesday, at Moygara, 292 Shore Road, Whitehouse.
FILE - In this May 18, 2017, file photo, former race car driver John Andretti talks about their battle with colon cancer during a press conference at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis. Andretti is back in the garage after having their spleen and gall bladder removed last month. The former NASACAR and IndyCar driver returned to the team's Indianapolis headquarters, Indy television station WTHR reported. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy, File)
TOPEKA – Governor Sam Brownback and Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast Friday, April 14, asked Attorney General Derek Schmidt to examine the financial structure of St. Francis Hospital of Topeka.
Following a joint meeting late Friday afternoon between Governor Brownback, Attorney General Schmidt, and St. Francis medical personnel, Attorney General Schmidt confirmed they will launch an inquiry aimed at ensuring the charitable assets of St. Francis remain in Kansas.
The hospital's parent company maintains over $2 billion dollars in assets, yet is seeking to “divest” St. Francis, possibly leading to its closure. The Kansas roots of St. Francis trace back to 1858 and the founding of Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth which remains organized as a non-profit corporation under the laws of the State of Kansas. The actions by Governor Brownback and Attorney General Schmidt seek to protect Kansas-based charitable assets from being improperly transferred from the state leading to the closure of St. Francis.
“St. Francis has benefitted from its status as a Kansas charity for many years, and it is important to make certain that such charitable assets are properly managed and remain in Kansas,” said Governor Brownback. “The charitable assets should stay here for the benefit of Kansans, to serve their stated mission of improving the health of those who are poor and vulnerable. Northeast Kansas needs the medical services St. Francis provides.”
The office of the Attorney General has the authority to safeguard Kansas charities.
“Any decision by its out-of-state owners that would fail to maintain full operations of Saint Francis Hospital would be deeply troubling,” Schmidt said. “The absence of meaningful consultation with local leaders compounds the concern, particularly in light of the considerable benefits the people of Kansas have bestowed on this charitable operation over the years.”
Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast emphasized the importance of St. Francis to the health and economy of Topeka and surrounding communities.
“I share Governor Brownback and the Attorney General's deep concern that the charitable assets of St. Francis Hospital, a hospital that met the health care needs of our community for so long, will be improperly removed from the people it serves,” Wolgast said. “I welcome the action the Attorney General is taking. St. Francis has been a vital part of this city and northeast Kansas for 159 years and has benefited by the non-profit status the citizens of Kansas granted.”
There must be something different about it, though?
Surely. The EZ952 doesn't have the 1002's fancy blade-shaped Technics-tuned soundbar - shown abvove - relying on more conventional speakers. (Which, if you're any kind of geek, you'll be swerving in favour of your kick-ass Dolby Atmos separates system anyway.)
Otherwise, the EZ952 will handle 4K content from Netflix, Amazon and YouTube, as part of the new My Home Screen 2.0 OS. Oh, and there's a new version of Freeview Play shipping with it, too, complete with search tools that pitch it squarely against the likes of Virgin's V6 box.
Sounds like a good deal.
Yeah, so long as the 55in and 65in sizes work for you. If not, Panasonic has also announced a larger 77in version of the EZ1002… but it's not out until Autumn. The 55in EZ952 and the 65in versions of both, are out earlier, in June. We'll scream as soon as prices arrive, because we know that's what you're waiting for, and we'll update you on the best retailer deals too. Because only a n00b pays list price for a TV.
Image copyright Ying Liu / Xinhua Image caption Artemisia annua usually makes only small amounts of the drug in its leaves
Scientists have modified a plant's genetic sequence to make it produce high levels of a key malaria drug, potentially helping meet the large global demand.
The team identified genes involved in making artemisinin, altering their activity to produce three times more of the drug than "normal" plants make.
The plant-based production of the drug sometimes fails to meet demand.
The shrubs don't produce enough of the chemical in their leaves.
The work appears in the journal Molecular Plant.
"Nearly half of the world's population is at risk of malaria," said co-author Kexuan Tang of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
"Our strategy for the large-scale production of artemisinin will meet the increasing demand for this medicinal compound and help address this global health problem."
The team produced a high quality draft of the Artemisia annua plant's genome and used this information, along with data on how genes are expressed, to engineer plants that produced high levels of artemisinin.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says malaria affected about 216 million people in 91 countries in 2016, and caused an estimated 445,000 deaths worldwide that year alone.
"Artemisia annua remains the sole source of the World Health Organization recommended treatment for malaria, which continues to be a devastating disease in the developing world," said Prof Ian Graham from the University of York, who was not involved with the study.
Field trials
The A. annua genome contains 63,226 protein-coding genes, one of the largest numbers among any known plant species. It took the team several years to complete the sequence, due to its size and complexity.
Previous efforts to increase the yield of artemisinin had been hampered by the absence of a reference genome and the limited information about the genes involved in regulating the drug's synthesis.
But by simultaneously increasing the activity of three genes - HMGR, FPS, and DBR2 - the researchers generated A. annua lines that produced high artemisinin levels - about 3.2% of the dry weight of the leaves.
The compound typically makes up only 0.1%-1.0% of the dry weight of non-engineered A. annua leaves.
Image copyright SPL Image caption The malaria parasite is transmitted by blood-sucking mosquitoes
Commenting on the study, Prof Graham told BBC News: "This is quite an achievement, building as it does on earlier molecular breeding and genetic engineering attempts.
"Before the work could have an impact on commercial production it will require extensive field trials to demonstrate that the engineered plants perform in the field as well as they have done under experimental conditions."
Indeed, Dr Tang and their team have sent artemisinin-rich seed samples to Madagascar, the African country that grows the most A. annua, for a field trial. The researchers are also continuing to explore ways to enhance artemisinin production, with the goal of developing versions whose leaves contain 5% artemisinin.
"We hope our research can enhance the global supply of artemisinin and lower the price from the plant source," Dr Tang said.
"It is not expensive to generate high-level artemisinin lines. We have propagated hundreds of high artemisinin producer lines via cutting and selection, and scaled up the production of these plants.
"Hopefully our high artemisinin transgenic lines will be grown at a massive scale next year."
But the engineered shrub would still have to clear the hurdle of approval. Ian Graham said: "Most importantly, commercialisation will also require GM approval prior to release of engineered plants to be grown outdoors in China or elsewhere in the world.
"According to the International Service for Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications, there are currently no GM A. annua approved anywhere in the world, and this will be an interesting challenge to gain approval, particularly in China where the A. annua crop is grown and where the plant is a high profile example of Chinese Traditional Medicine."
Follow Paul on Twitter.
Penny Hardaway does not think Kawhi Leonard is a superstar
Everybody has their own definition of what constitutes a superstar, and apparently Kawhi Leonard does not fit Penny Hardaway's.
In an appearance Monday on SiriusXM's “Bottomline,” the retired NBA great said they don't consider Leonard a superstar, citing their reserved demeanor but crediting the San Antonio Spurs forward for being “a good player.”
I respect the viewpoint… even if you don't agree…respectful thoughts? #Spurs pic.twitter.com/1dBOkJlbQ9 — Jabari Young (@JabariJYoung) August 14, 2017
At the age of 26, Leonard has already racked up two All-Star appearances, two All-NBA First Team nods, two Defensive Player of the Year Awards, and a Finals MVP (not to mention that their offense may have already caught up with their otherworldy defense). But Hardaway, who, on top of their accolades, starred in a number of TV ads (most notably, Nike's “Lil Penny” campaign) and largely kept in the limelight during their own career, fails to draw a distinction between a superstar talent and a superstar persona, which is interesting.
For what it's worth, Hardaway's comments come just a matter of days after this fellow '90s star you may have heard of showered Leonard with praise, so they definitely appear to be in the minority with their appraisal of The Claw.
The term ‘Fake News' has been thrown around a lot over the past few months. One Toronto Brewery wants to “offer a respite from the bleak political developments of late” with their ‘Fake News Ale'.
Northern Maverick promises to donate 5% of every can of “fake News Ale” to a charity their potential customers vote on their website in the upcoming weeks. Fake News Ale apparently “pairs well with: small hands, striking comb overs, huge egos and all things Mexican.”
The beer that will never leak. 🍻 #FakeNewsAle #MakeBeerGreatAgain Clearly no American president has endorsed this beer. For each can sold of this beer we will donate 5 percent of sales (which we estimate at this point to be 20-25% of this beer's profits) to help reverse a questionable policy. 🍻 A post shared by Northern Maverick Brewing Co. (@northernmaverickbrewing) on Apr 12, 2017 at 9:28am PDT
Northern Maverick's Restaurant and Brewery is opening this summer at 115 Bathurst Street in Toronto.
Fort Wayne, Indiana, is a city that prides itself on its industrial history. It's the birthplace of magnet wire, a type of coiled copper or aluminum that became a major player in the development of modern-day electronics.
So it's no surprise General Electric established a factory in this part of Indiana in 1911. There were over 10,000 workers in that factory alone, making it an important landmark for the Fort Wayne community ― and leaving some residents now less than excited it's going to be redeveloped.
With the fall of the industrial age, the campus has been vacant for years. Greater Fort Wayne Inc., which operates as the chamber of commerce and economic development organization for Fort Wayne and Allen County, has a plan to bring the deserted factory back to life with the help of two consulting groups.
The project will transform the vacant 1.2 million square feet of land into a mixed-use “innovation district” that will include high-rise apartments, restaurants, office spaces and more. The first phase of the estimated $220 million project is projected to be complete in 2020, with the second half of construction wrapping up a few years after that, said Kevin Erb, who works in communications for an advertising company representing the project.
“A revitalized Electric Works campus will energize our economy, create jobs, and inspire many generations to use their creative talents to improve the lives of others,” said Eric Doden, CEO of Greater Fort Wayne Inc.
HuffPost got to tour the abandoned space before its transformation begins. Check out the spooky photos below, including a full-size basketball court and a bowling alley that was once used for GE employees.
View photos (da) More
An old building in the Electric Works compound once owned by General Electric that will now be repurposed into a multiuse campus in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
View photos (da) More
An overview image of the Electric Works compound.
View photos (da) More
Kevin Erb shows a photo of what the vision is for the Electric Works compound.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Coat hooks in the General Electric clubhouse that have gone unused for decades.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Blue film covering the windows at General Electric's abandoned manufacturing plant
View photos (Jo Confino) More
An eerie blue glow as light floods into one of General Electric's disused factories.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Inside an industrial lift at General Electric's disused industrial site.
View photos (da) More
A basketball court sits unused in the Electric Works compound.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
This factory used to have 10,000 employees working around the clock.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Seats at the General Electric employee baseball court.
View photos (da) More
Piping in the Electric Works.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Water leaking into one of the abandoned General Electric factory buildings.
View photos (Damon Dahlen/HuffPost) More
Old bowling lanes sit unused.
View photos (Damon Dahlen/HuffPost) More
Old bowling pin machines.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
An abandoned bowling ball at the General Electric employee clubhouse.
View photos (da) More
Old bowling shoes sit unused.
View photos (Jo Confino) More
Pictures of old trucks show just how long ago the General Electric manufacturing plant shut its doors.
View photos (da) More
Rust-stained pavement.
View photos (da) More
The tour group makes its way through the Electric Works compound.
View photos (Damon Dahlen/HuffPost) More
Various rooms sit unused in the Electric Works compound.
View photos (Damon Dahlen/HuffPost) More
Walkways between buildings a littered with plaster that has fallen.
Freezing your head in the hope of being resurrected in the future will soon be cheaper than paying for a funeral, a cryogenics expert has claimed.
The price of “cryogenic technology” designed to preserve human bodies is falling by half every 18 months, said Mark Hall, founder of Stem Protect, Britain's first “stem cell bank.”
If current trends continue, having your body frozen and reawakened in 250 years could cost less than being buried in a traditional ceremony.
Hall said: “We're accustomed to making jokes about freezing heads when we die and of course everyone knows Walt Disney did it — often that's their only point of reference.
“But soon we could see this practice becoming commonplace because advances in technology have made it much more affordable.”
“And of course, while we're not at the point yet where we can bring someone back to life from this procedure, we believe it's just around the corner.”
Hall works for a stem cell bank that stores the blank cells scientists use to recreate all kinds of tissue.
Stem cells are used for research and combating the effects of disease.
Stem Protect does not offer human cryogenics but uses the same technology to preserve 125,000 samples of stem cells for 75,000 families.
Hall based their prediction on an economic principle which suggests that all technology prices fall by half every 18 months.
They believe that cryogenic technology is about to become a mass market product.
Already, the Russian cryogenic company KrioRus is undercutting rival American labs with a special deal on freezing a human brain for $13,000. For $39,000 it will freeze and store a human body.
Hall believes prices will fall further. Currently, each thumb-sized vial of human stem cells costs $783 to store.
A human head would be the equivalent volume of 5,000 vials, according to Hall. At current prices and with economies of scale built in, Hall says a human head should cost around $650,000 to preserve for posterity.
Hall predicts that in five years cryogenic services could be offered at $6,500 for 250 years.
However, current UK legislation makes it unlikely that the British public will commit themselves to hibernation until economic conditions improve, according to Hall.
“You have to be dead before you can be cryogenically frozen and the body has to be frozen within 25 minutes of death,” says Hall. “We're not at the point yet where we can bring someone back to life from this procedure, but we believe it's just around the corner.”
However, there is growing confidence in the technology and KrioRus has several early adopters in the UK.
Its client list includes a pensioner, a medical professor and a scientist. Once dead, their frozen remains will be packed in dry ice and couriered to its large Dewar flask deep freezers warehoused 47 miles northeast of the Kremlin.
As any technology becomes a mass market product, its price halves every month, said Hall. In computing, a similar effect is known as Moore's Law, after Gordon Moore, the co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor and Intel.
The principle is universally recognized by technology analysts on Wall Street and suggests that the power of microchips doubles every year, while the cost of the chips stays the same.
TORONTO — Ontario's Progressive Conservatives promise to cut taxes by almost $6 billion a year and boost spending by $2 billion in what they call their final election platform, but make no mention of another key campaign pledge: a four-per-cent spending reduction across the debt-laden government.
The manifesto posted online by the PCs Wednesday also fails to project the Tory plan's impact on overall revenue, spending and deficits, the kind of costing the Liberals and NDP have already released.
The document does include a couple of policies not previously unveiled, including a proposed ban on cellphones in school classrooms.
But it would seem to do little to counter criticism that Tory Leader Doug Ford has left gaping holes in their blueprint for governing Ontario, days before the June 7 vote.
“The Ford platform is about half of what it needs to be — but then again, so are the platforms presented by (the Liberals and NDP),” argued Christine Van Geyn, Ontario head of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation.
“All three party platforms now list what they want to spend money on, and what they think these promises will cost. And all three party platforms fail to say how they will pay for these promises.”
But at least the PCs are talking about finding unspecified “efficiencies,”not “piling on debt” like the others, they said.
And another expert suggests that so-called costed platforms may actually be overrated, plus a poor predictor of what actually happens when parties assume power.
“Governments get elected, circumstances change and they're not bound to the policies they proposed,” said Chris Cochrane, a University of Toronto political science professor. “I think the main thing for voters is not exactly where it is in the black or the red, but in general what is the basic orientation of this political party to government. And this (PC platform) hits on sort of classic conservative themes.”
Still, Ford has come under sustained attack by their opponents for failing to produce a more detailed scheme.
Both the Liberals and NDP have put out platforms predicting the effect of their policies on the province's bottom line, showing large deficits for years, eventually moving to balance.
They say the Conservative leader is obliged to outline at least where they plan to find $6 billion in savings — all while avoiding layoffs. In fact, their promise to cut four per cent of the budget — not to mention how he'd do it — does not appear in the “Plan for the People” at all, though a party official said it hasn't been dropped.
The document does state that “efficiencies exist all across the government, whether it is how different agencies and ministries purchase goods or how they deliver services.”
The Conservatives also say they will “return to a balanced budget on a responsible timeframe.” And they repeat their pledge to conduct a commission of inquiry into the Liberals' “deficit scandal,” as well as a value-for-money audit of every government program.
As for providing greater costing, “we do not know the state of Ontario's finances, and anyone who tells you they do is lying to you,” PC spokesperson Melissa Lantsman said Wednesday.
Among the Tory promises, the priciest relate to taxation.
Cuts to levies on middle-income earners, people earning minimum wage, gasoline and corporations, plus a child-care tax credit, total about $5.7 billion. That does not include eliminating the Liberal government's cap-and-trade system for green-house gas polluters, and its projected $2 billion in revenue. That loss to government coffers would be offset by eliminating the “slush fund” it paid for, the document says, referring to spending on measures designed to lessen carbon emissions.
A plan to cut electricity rates by 12 per cent, uploading Toronto subway maintenance to the province, increased mental-health funding, free dental care for poor seniors and a promised 15,000 new nursing-home beds will eventually cost the province another $2.1 billion a year, the platform indicates.
Meanwhile, younger Ontarians — and some parents — may balk at a new promise to prohibit cellphones in classrooms to “maximize learning time.”
Kids would still be able to take them to school and keep them in lockers, said Lantsman.
“This is not a ban on technology,” they said. “This is just a ban on cellphones in the classroom.”
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – As more professions turn toward drone technology, the Mahoning County Career and Technical Center (MCCTC) wants to make sure people know how to properly use them.
MCCTC will hold a drone safety and awareness event Monday evening that is free and open to the public.
“The main focus of the event is to let the public understand what some of the differences are between flying for hobby and recreational use and flying for commercial/business use,” said Richard Hassler, MCCTC advanced manufacturing coordinator.
Hassler said there are different rules and regulations that apply to different uses.
“We want the public to be aware of what some of those differences are because flying drones is a blast. It can be fun,” Hassler said.
Several speakers are lined up for the event, and there will be a panel discussion on drone flying following their presentations. Some of the speakers include a representative from the 910th Airlift Wing and two air traffic controllers from the Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport.
The event is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. on Monday in the Joyce Brooks Center of MCCTC. To register, call (330)729-4002.
By CLEMENTE BAUTISTA JR.
LONDON, United Kingdom – In London during the last week of November, I represented Kalikasan People's Network for the Environment and shared many stories of Filipino's struggle against the destructive operations of British mining companies in the Philippines. The struggle has caused our people untold human rights violations. The event was dubbed as Rise, Resist, Renew: Alternatives to Mines and Money campaign. The London Mining Network, Gaia Foundation, War on Want and other concerned environmental groups based in London put this campaign together. I spoke in the event on behalf of the International Peoples' Conference on Mining (IPCM), a global alliance against mining plunder.
The Rise, Resist, Renew: Alternatives to Mines and Money campaign delivered a message of protest to the then ongoing Mines and Money Conference of big mining corporations in London.
British mining interests in the Philippines
Gold-seeking investors such as Harwood Capital LLP has brought only misery and environmental destruction into the areas they want to exploit. They ought to leave the Philippines alone. Harwood and Bluebird, in particular, should take their dirty hands off Batangas.
We protested in front of Harwood Capital LLP, an investor of Bluebird Merchant Venture operating in Lobo, Batangas. Some 470 residents of Lobo and Batangas City were forced to evacuate their homes last September 24 because of air strikes and aerial bombings by the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP). While the combat operations were purportedly directed at communist rebels, the anti-mining communities were also attacked. These communities' resistance against mining operations has stalled Bluebird's efforts to start mining operations.
Another British mining outfit with documented human rights violations is the FCF Minerals in Runruno, Nueva Vizcaya. FCF Minerals has recently begun commercial operations of its 3,093.51-hectare gold-molybdenum mine in Quezon Town, Nueva Vizcaya Province. Independent scientific tests have lined its operations to the unusual levels of copper in the rivers flowing down from the mining area. The copper concentration exceeds safety standards.
Five years before, in 2012, FCF Minerals ruined communities to push its own construction phase. It injured six villagers in the process. Human Rights Violations (HRVs) such as killings, harassments, land-grabbing, and forced evictions, typically occur with mining projects and operations in the Philippines.
Our group also protested at the head offices of mining giants such as Vendata Resources, Glencore UK Ltd., Paulson Europe LP (Ashanti Gold), Rio Tinto, and Anglo American Plc. We lobbied and raised the issue of mining-ravaged communities at UK government agencies such as the Foreign Commonwealth Office (FCO) and the Parliamentary Party Groups in Human Rights.
The UK Government delivered positive statements like expressing ‘concern' with regards to the state of Human Rights in the Philippines. But it needs to do more to make their corporations responsible for its violations against the people and the environment.
The Filipino solidarity group Campaign on Human Rights in the Philippines (CHRP) also organized a forum with Filipino migrant workers. We discussed with them how the Filipino solidarity campaigns in UK could contribute much in protecting the natural resources of the Philippines against foreign mining plunder.
People's Referendum in Cajamarca, Colombia bans inroads of mining giant
Camila Méndez, land and human rights defender, shared the experiences of the Colombian people in exercising their democratic right to decide.
Last April, the people of Cajamarca voted in a referendum to decide if they will allow the mining project of AngloGold Ashanti in their municipality. They voted against the entry of mining in their land. A resounding 97.92 percent of 7,241 voted No to Mining.
AngloGold is a UK-based mining company which owns the La Colosa Gold Mining project. The project intends to extract 28 million ounces of gold in Cajamarca. AngloGold maintains that the people's referendum does not affect their mining concession in Colombia.
Méndez said, “Our movement defends water, territory and life in the small municipality of Cajamarca, which is recognized as a foodbasket of Colombia for its diverse and significant food production”.
The Colombian Solidarity Campaign along with the London-based campaign organizers led a protest action in front of the Paulson Europe LLP office. It owns shares in AngloGold Ashanti. The protesters demanded AngloGold to respect the decision of Cajamarca and pull out of Colombia.
International Solidarity crucial in protecting rights, environment
The Rise, Resist and Renew activities have raised the demands of mining-affected people from different parts of the world to London, headquarter of the mining giants. Individuals representing solidarity campaigns against corporate mining in Brazil, Colombia, Bangladesh, India, Philippines, Romania, Uganda and West Papua attended the public forums, protest actions and solidarity activities in this city of mining corporations. The global workers federation IndustriALL also participated. They laid out stories of their struggle in defense of the rights of their people and protecting the environment from plunder and corporate mining. IndustriALL shared their campaign against Glencore, one of the worst exploiters of mine workers in the world.
To cap off the many activities of Rise, Resist, and Renew campaign, we granted the ‘Shame Award' to choice mining giants. One of the awardees was the British-Swiss firm Glencore Plc.
With its partner Xstrata, Glencore became notorious in the Philippines after paramilitaries linked to it had killed at least ten people who were known opponents of the company's entry. Among those killed was the Italian priest Fr. Pops Tentorio. They supported communities fighting Glencore's entry (through its local subsidiary, the Sagittarius Mines) in the area. Glencore-Xstrata planned to dig an open pit mine to extract the abundant Tampakan gold-copper deposit in Southern Mindanao. The Tampakan project area contains 15 million tons of copper and nearly 18 million ounces of gold according to SMI/Glencore Xstrata.
From the mining site in Tampakan, SMI reportedly planned to build a 100 km underground pipeline to ferry the minerals towards Maasim for loading to the ships. Alongside the pipeline, it wanted to build transmission lines to a dedicated 500MW power plant.
The open-pit mine, the underground pipeline, the dedicated power plant near the famous Lake Sebu – all of it cast a fatal implication to the indigenous tribes who are being displaced, not to mention all the communities downstream who will lose their sources of clean water.
The mining project was rebuffed by indigenous peoples and peasants living downstream and on the project's way.
After fourteen years of holding on to mines and bloodily trying to break through the people's resistance, Glencore finally sold its share (in the SMI venture) to Indophil Resources-NL and pulled out of the Philippines in 2015.
Clemente Bautista is the national coordinator of the Kalikasan People's Network for the Environment, a national environmental campaign center established in 1997.
Richard Brent with The Big House is excited about the museum being featured on the cover of the 2018 Georgia travel guide along with Jason Aldean. The Big House also finished as the third best attraction in Georgia in a vote by readers of USA Today.
It's a 21st century War of the Roses.
A vindictive green thumb has been banned from their own backyard garden – for digging up their downstairs neighbors' award-winning plot.
A British court last week ruled in favor of Jasmine McMurdo, whose neighbor Michael Oram has been terrorizing them — and their plants– for years at their home in Twickenham, according to the London Evening Standard.
Oram has ripped up bamboo and lavender plants and ruined the grass in their shared backyard garden – which both neighbors have claimed to maintain.
“Every time I plant something it's ripped up. This is not a vendetta. This is me standing up to a bully,” McMurdo told the newspaper. “He dresses and talks nicely and he's well-educated. They play the system. They have made our lives hell.”
The pristine garden won a silver prize last year in Richmond's Borough in Bloom contest — and the award was collected by McMurdo.
But Oram claims he's been tending the garden, located at luxury apartment complex The Barons in Greater London, for years.
“When I moved in it was a jungle of brambles, an utter mess,” they said. “I've been tending this garden since 2006 when it was an utter wreck. Through blood, sweat and tears and my own cost and energy I have brought it back to the garden we have today.”
The 73-year-old – who was allegedly caught on camera last September pulling up McMurdo's plants – claimed they were simply “removing dead foliage and weeds.”
“Ms McMurdo doesn't know anything about plants whatsoever,” they said. “They were planted by a previous tenant who cared for that garden. These gardens are kept by me. I spend all my disposable income on it. I do love the gardens.”
The neighbors' squabble was heard in Wimbledon magistrate's court, where McMurdo, 55, accused Oram of going so far as to drill holes in their floor so that water would flood their basement apartment.
Oram was convicted of harassing their neighbor. They were given a six-week prison sentence that's suspended for a year and ordered to pay nearly $2,000 in compensation and so they can fix their floor.
They were also blocked from going into their backyard for two years and ordered to fork over about $660 in court fees.
Oram, who's also won a silver award for their green thumb, blasted the court ruling as trying to “extinguish the basic right of an Englishman to be in their garden.”
Johnny Manziel trying to force way into Canadian football Hamilton Tiger-Cats, you are now on the clock. Ex-NFL quarterback Johnny Manziel wants to play football again and has forced the Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League to make a...
Confusion about worst CFL team's Johnny Football pursuit Maybe Johnny Manziel's football career is still on life support. The Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats, who recently hired and fired disgraced Baylor coach Art Briles, worked out Manziel last...
Art Briles' CFL hire crushed over 'tsunami of negativity' Canadians didn't realize how tainted Art Briles' name has become across the border. Scott Mitchell, the CEO of the Canadian Football League's Hamilton Tiger-Cats, explained To Tuesday why their team felt...
End of rape case revitalizes disgraced Baylor coach's career: lawyer Art Briles may have dug themselves a deep grave, but one of college football's biggest villains is eyeing a return from the dead. The disgraced former coach at Baylor thinks...
Accused rapist Baylor protected for years 'pushes' woman in ugly arrest Former Baylor tight end Tre'Von Armstead's name most recently popped up in a lawsuit filed in January accusing them of gang-raping a woman at a 2013 campus party. On Monday...
Damning Art Briles text messages reveal their Baylor cover-up A day after former football coach Art Briles dropped the defamation lawsuit they previously had filed against four Baylor officials for making false accusations against him, the university released a series of...
Baylor disgrace Art Briles gives up trying to save their name WACO, Texas — Former Baylor football coach Art Briles has dropped the defamation lawsuit filed against four university officials they accused of making false statements against him, according to attorneys...
Baylor football responsible for 52 rapes by 31 players: lawsuit The accusations against the Baylor football program reached a horrifying new level Friday when a former graduate student filed a lawsuit alleging 31 players were responsible for 52 incidents of rape,...
Baylor's disgraced president 'doubts there were gang rapes' Under former university president Ken Starr, Baylor became synonymous with sexual violence by football players whose crimes were continually downplayed by coaches and administrators. In October, the Wall Street Journal reported...
ISLAMABAD (AP) — A Pakistan Cricket Board official has confirmed that former international batsman Nasir Jamshed and another man were arrested and then released on bail in Britain amid an investigation into alleged spot fixing in the Pakistan Super League.
"Jamshed and another man, Yusuf, were arrested by the National Crime Agency," a PCB official told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
The PCB official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to comment on the issue.
Britain's National Crime Authority released an earlier statement saying two men in their 30s had been arrested on Feb. 13 and released on bail until April in connection with bribery offences as part of an ongoing investigation into international cricket match spot-fixing.
The PCB has already provisionally suspended Islamabad United's Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif from the domestic Twenty20 tournament because of their alleged involvement in the corruption. Sharjeel and Latif returned to Lahore on Wednesday and faced more interviews with the cricket board's anti-corruption unit.
Jamshed was suspended Monday from competing in any form of cricket.
A third Islamabad United player is also under investigation and a player from each of the Karachi Kings and Quetta Gladiators franchises were questioned by the PCB's anti-corruption unit in the United Arab Emirates, where the Super League is being staged. All three players were allowed to continue playing in the tournament.
"We know what we are doing," PSL chairperson Najam Sethi said in an interview on a private television channel late Tuesday. "We have all the evidence and we knew this for a while. We had information, but we cannot talk about stuff right now, a charge sheet will be given to players soon."
Sethi said PCB's anti-corruption unit had information about spot-fixing before the PSL began on Feb. 9.
"We had identified a few players and then at final stages we knew the ICC had some information as well," they said. "When we compared it, the information was the same and then we decided to act on this."
"We have these players' phones in which there is more information — who they were in touch with, what they talked about."
Sethi said the cricket board's anti-corruption unit had infiltrated gambling operations in Pakistan ahead of the tournament.
It's not the first time Pakistan cricketers have been embroiled in corruption controversies. In 1999 Salim Malik and Ataur Rehman were banned for life following a match-fixing investigation.
In 2010 three players — Mohammad Amir, Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif — were suspended for five years for their involvement in the bowling of deliberate no-balls at pre-determined times during a test match in England.
Auburn running back Kerryon Johnson (21) rushes against LSU linebacker Tyler Taylor (24) in the first half during an NCAA college football game in Baton Rouge, La., Saturday, Oct. 14, 2017 Matthew Hinton AP Photo
NUT Threatens Indefinite Strike Over Unpaid Salary *Issues 30-day Ultimatum
Adebayo Waheed,
The Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) yesterday issued a 30-day ultimatum to states owing teachers several months of salary to pay or face aggressively-driven indefinite strike.
The National President of the union, Comrade Michael Alogba Olukoya, who gave the ultimatum during the National Executive Council (NEC) meeting held at the Teachers House, Oluyole, Ibadan, gave the names of the states owing teachers salary as: Benue (10 months), Ekiti (6 months), Cross River (6 months owed 1,000 teachers), Kogi (15 months with half salary being paid since 2013), Ondo (5 months), Taraba (4 months), Niger (3 months), Delta (3 months), and Oyo ( three months owed primary and secondary school teachers)
Other States include Abia (five months), Osun (paying teachers half salary for 23 months), Nasarawa (paying half salary for 18 months to primary school
teachers), Plateau (half salary since 2010), Adamawa (4 months), Bayelsa (8 and a half months), Imo (paying 70% monthly salary to primary and secondary school teachers), Kwara (paying by percentage and owing 4 months), Borno (minimum wage yet to be implemented) , and Zamfara (yet to implement national minimum wage).
Olukoya who lamented that many state governors had failed to be transparent in their agreements with workers' unions, said, “We hereby give a 30-day ultimatum to all the above-mentioned states to pay all the outstanding salaries being owed the teachers. “They will soon collect another Paris Club money and so we hope they will pay all the backlog of salary arrears.
“If any State fails to pay up within this stipulated time, we shall converge again and give a notice of action. There is going to be total disconnect between us and such governments”, Olukoya threatened.
They equally kicked against the call for autonomy of local government councils, saying that the ghost of the effects of primary schools left in the hands of the local governments in the past had continued to haunt the teachers, leading to its near-collapse in terms of personnel, funding and infrastructural development.
Olukoya stressed that the 1999 constitution saddles the state governments with the responsibility of funding and managing primary schools, noting that, “local government councils only have the role of participation.
“It is therefore important to emphasise the need for States to be financially empowered to shoulder this responsibility effectively, and we propose that allocation from the Federation Account be reviewed upwards in favour of the states to enable them discharge this constitutional responsibility effectively”.
They also called for extension of years of service for teachers in the secondary and primary schools from 60 to 65 years” just as it has been raised for teachers of Polytechnics and the Universities.
According to him, this is to remove the ensuing segregation as all belong to the same teaching industry of Nigeria.
While supporting the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN)'s stance to ensure all teachers are formally registered to weed out quacks, the NUT boss said that “After this Friday, 16th of June, when registration closes, we are going to constitute a task force to picket all private and public schools including those of the Police, Army Command, Unity Schools, in order to save primary schools from imminent collapse.”
The post NUT Threatens Indefinite Strike Over Unpaid Salary *Issues 30-day Ultimatum appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WrestleMania is coming back to MetLife Stadium WrestleMania is going from the Big Easy back to the Big Apple. WWE will announce during a press conference Friday at MetLife Stadium that the show, which is in New...
ACC Tournament loves Barclays Center and wants to come back The ACC Tournament ended its two-year run at Barclays Center with Saturday's 71-63 Virginia win over North Carolina in the championship game. But if Brett Yormark gets their wish, it...
Black Iron Burger opening by Barclays Center Black Iron Burger, an East Village hot spot voted “Best Burger Joint” by Zagat for the past three years, is opening by Barclays Center in Brooklyn. The 1,450-square-foot space, just...
This NBA usher is more inspiring than the players The pride of the Brooklyn Nets won't actually be suiting up for tonight's match against the Sixers. Instead, she'll be lording over sections 24 and 25, greeting guests with her...
Islanders to split time between Brooklyn, Long Island The Islanders are moving back to Long Island sooner than expected — and taxpayers are footing the bill. The team will play nearly half of its home games over the...
Barclays pressuring Islanders into more Coliseum games Brooklyn's Barclays Center is pressuring the New York Islanders to sign a new lease that will eventually have them play a majority of their home games at the Nassau Coliseum...
Women sue Barclays Center over alleged stampede Two women claim they were hurt when a stampede broke out at a Barclays Center show by the rapper Future, according to a pair of lawsuits. Shauntay Harris and Catrina...
NHL not ruling out Islanders' brief Coliseum return For the first time since the Islanders left the Coliseum in 2015, the NHL has acknowledged that a short-term return is possible. While the team and New York State officially...
Jay-Z protégé Mensa on beating drug addiction and depression In 2015, the world appeared to be at Vic Mensa's feet. The Chicago rapper rose steadily through the Windy City's open-mike circuit before making waves with their 2013 mixtape “Innanetape.”...
TOKYO — Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of them to five detention centres outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. In Japan, accomplices in a crime are customarily hanged on the same day. Ten of those on death row were convicted for the subway attack, a number beyond the Tokyo detention centre's daily capacity.
As with all executions in Japan, when and where they will be killed isn't being released, even to family members and lawyers. The executions won't be announced until they have already happened.
Shizue Takahashi, the wife of a subway stationmaster who died in the gas attack, asked the Justice Ministry for a chance to meet the convicts and witness their executions. “I want to follow through to the very end,” Takahashi said at a recent news conference.
Them wish is unlikely to be granted.
Even prisoners sent to the gallows are not notified until guards come to their cells in the morning. After a chat with a chaplain, a last bite or smoke, the prisoner is taken to the gallows.
If all 10 subway attack convicts are hanged, it would be the second-largest number executed on a single day in Japan's modern history. Japan on Jan. 24, 1911, hanged 11 political prisoners who allegedly plotted to assassinate the emperor.
Some survivors of the cult's crimes oppose the executions because that would eliminate hopes for a fuller explanation of the crimes.
Asahara talked incoherently, occasionally babbling in broken English, during their eight-year trial and never acknowledged their responsibility or offered meaningful explanations.
Born Chizuo Matsumoto, they have been on death row for nearly 14 years. Their family says they are a broken man, constantly wetting and soiling the floor in their cell and not communicating with their family or lawyers.
Their 34-year-old daughter, Rika Matsumoto, said they don't understand their punishment and needs treatment so they can recover and talk. “I just want to hear my father explain in their own words,” they tweeted recently.
Some of the condemned have expressed regret and contributed to anti-terrorism measures. Shoko Egawa, a journalist who has covered the cult's crimes from early on, has proposed keeping them alive so they can provide lessons to a world facing the growing threat of extremism.
Experts on the cult also warn that if they are executed, the members would be glorified as martyrs by cult remnants, likely bolstering their worship of Asahara.
Founded in 1984, the group attracted many young people, even graduates of top universities, whom Asahara hand-picked as close aides.
The cult amassed an arsenal of chemical, biological and conventional weapons to carry out Asahara's escalating criminal orders in anticipation of an apocalyptic showdown with the government.
The cult claimed 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 in Russia. It has disbanded, though nearly 2,000 people follow its rituals in three splinter groups, monitored by authorities.
——
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
In a major shift, pharmaceutical giant Gilead Sciences will begin airing television ads for PrEP, its HIV prevention medication. The company said the ads, which will start in June and run through August, are “designed to encourage candid conversations around sexual health and promote public awareness of HIV prevention.”
PrEP, or pre-exposure prophylaxis, involves taking a daily pill to prevent HIV transmission. Major clinical trials have shown that PrEP — also known by its brand name, Truvada — is safe and effective at preventing HIV if taken daily. The pill is also recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for at-risk groups.
A still from Gilead Science's new advertisement for PrEP Gilead Science
Since the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Truvada for HIV prevention in 2012, Gilead has leaned on public health agencies to promote the drug. New York City has for years placed advertisements on subways and buses to promote PrEP, and the District of Columbia's health department aired its own racy HIV PrEP television ad earlier this year.
On paper, Gilead has spent paltry sums to promote Truvada — just several hundred thousand dollars per year in direct advertising, according to MM&M, versus more than $100 million to promote Hepatitis C drug Harvoni in 2017 alone. Gilead said it has granted more than $28 million to approximately 120 organizations since 2012 to support their efforts to promote PrEP, an average of less than $5 million a year.
The name of Gilead's new ad campaign is “Healthysexual,” and its first TV spot is a 30-second ad titled “Honestly.” Those featured in the ad include a gay couple, a transgender woman and young people of color — groups disproportionately affected by HIV.
“Honestly, we should have used a condom, but we got distracted,” a gay man says to their partner while in bed.
“Honestly, we've been together for a while, so getting tested never really crossed my mind,” a young black woman says to the camera.
The ad directs viewers to honestlyitstime.com, which then redirects to healthysexuals.com. The Gilead-run website provides a number of resources, including information about LGBTQ-friendly doctors who will prescribe PrEP and places to find free condoms.
The site's information about HIV prevention focuses on the most up-to-date recommendations, like accurately assessing your risk based on your sexual network and the ZIP code where you have sex.
“Some areas or communities have a higher concentration of HIV than others,” the site states. “That means if you're having sex in areas or networks where HIV is more common, the chances you might be exposed to HIV could be higher.”
Preventing HIV with PrEP is predicated on making sure the right people — those most at risk of acquiring HIV — take the prevention pill.
“When developing this campaign, it was important to us that the materials feature a diverse group of individuals who are representative of the communities most impacted by HIV, including young Black and Latino gay men, as well as cis-gender and transgender women,” Gilead said in a statement.
It's no coincidence, then, that those featured in the TV ad represent these high-risk groups.
“It's called realism,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Fauci leads the nation's public health response to HIV/AIDS and helped direct the response to the West African ebola outbreak.
“What I really liked about the ad is it didn't just say go get on PrEP; it said get tested,” they continued. “A, get tested. B, there are more options to protect yourself.”
The Healthysexual ad campaign quietly kicked off in 2016 on digital platforms like Tumblr and through direct-to-consumer print ads, according to Gilead. But the “Honestly” TV ad is its first foray into TV advertising for PrEP. While the “Honestly” ad does not specifically mention “Truvada” or “PrEP,” the company said another ad launching at the end of June will.
The Food and Drug Administration approved Truvada for HIV prevention in 2012. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file
In March, the CDC released an analysis that found more than one million Americans could benefit from PrEP. Estimates released by Gilead earlier this month, however, indicate only 167,000 people in the U.S. are currently taking the daily pill.
“There are many many people who could benefit from PrEP, people who are in an at-risk situation, who are really not well informed about PrEP,” Fauci explained. They said they hope the campaign lets more people know about their HIV-prevention options.
At more than $1,000 a month, PrEP is not cheap. However, the the pill is covered by most U.S. health plans, and there are a number of government and Gilead programs that help at-risk people access the drug.
Teva Pharmaceuticals successfully applied for a permit to manufacture generic Truvada last year, but it is unknown when the cheaper version will be available in the U.S.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Octavio Zambrano looks across Canada and wonders about the soccer talent that has fallen through the cracks.
Zambrano, head coach of the Canadian men's national team program, says it's their mission to find it.
“This is a vast country,” said Zambrano. “We have an influx of immigrants daily, thousands of them — and most of them from countries that love soccer and soccer is their main sport.
“We would be shorting ourselves if we don't delve into this well of talent that comes from abroad,” the Ecuador native added. “These are legitimate players — the majority of them, I am sure, grateful to have been given the opportunity to come to a great country like Canada, for themselves, for their families.
“Just like Alphonso Davies, just to name one. I think there are many more outs there. We need to find them.”
Born in a refugee camp in Ghana to Liberian parents, Davies moved to Canada with their family when they were five. Today, the 16-year-old Vancouver Whitecap is a teenage soccer sensation — and wearing the Maple Leaf.
Davies, with three goals in four matches, won the Golden Boot as the top scorer in this summer's CONCACAF Gold Cup. They also earned the Young Player Award and was named to the tournament Best XI.
Davies, who did attend Canadian age-group camps, did it all in their second, third, fourth and fifth matches for Canada after gaining their citizenship.
The young star will be missing Sunday when the 96th-ranked Canadians faces No. 99 El Salvador in a friendly at Houston's BBVA Compass Stadium.  They are suspended after being red-carded in Canada's 2-0 win over Jamaica in September.
Put in charge of the men's side of Canada soccer in March, Zambrano essentially inherited someone else's plan and budget. They have presented their own blueprint and should learn in November what road map they will be given for 2018.
They look forward to a year which they call a “clean slate.”
“I can't wait to see if all these initiatives that I have put forth, (that) they are given the OK for us to proceed. And then I can tell you Canada will just take a quantum leap if that happens.”
Seven months into the job, Zambrano is eager to put their stamp on things.  They are not one for standing still.
“I think we could go faster. I feel like I could do more and should do more. I hope to have the resources to do that.”
 They are grateful to the CSA for adding another warmup game before the Gold Cup. A game against Curacao was all that was originally planned.
Zambrano wanted more and a closed-door session against Nicaragua — four 30-minute periods over two days in Sunrise, Fla., was arranged.
“It was a wise decision by the CSA because it was in that game where a lot of the thoughts about how to approach the Gold Cup came together.”
Zambrano says they believe they have a “pretty good handle” now on the talent in the system.
“But I know there are out there many more that I haven't seen yet. And I'm keen to look there.”
They believe Canadian soccer has to look outside the box for talent.
“I believe this is part of my charter as well — to make sure I have the mechanisms put in place to find those players. It's not just about what happens in the established routes to participate and compete.
“That is great but there is another world out there of many many many players that I know are playing the game but that are perhaps not being looked at.”
Zambrano has already brought in players from Ontario's League 1 to scrimmage with the national team. And for this camp, they included 21-year-old Caniggia Elva, a St. Lucia-born Calgary-raised forward who went to Europe at 18.
Elva, Zambrano notes, did not come to Canada Soccer's attention through “regular channels.”
Elva was brought into an under-23 camp in March in Qatar, Zambrano's first hands-on assignment as Canada coach, after getting calls from Ramon Mifflin, the technical director of Calgary South West United for whom Elva played growing up.
“We need to establish a solid scouting grid,” said Zambrano. “That is something I have presented to the CSA directors, in how to go about doing this in a systemic manner.
“I'm hoping that they sign off on it. If they do, we will reach a completely different level of awareness about what we really have in Canada. Because we do have a lot and I think we're tapping only a very little.”
In a perfect world, Zambrano says they would have liked to have taken their team to Cuscatlan Stadium in San Salvador to see them perform in hostile conditions.
Zambrano is already at work, changing the team ethos.
They say some of their players have told them that, in the past, national team selection was seen as automatic by some. That is no longer the case, they say. The national team shirt has to be earned.
“You don't do it, you're not going to be called back.”
A portion of the proceeds from Sunday's game will go to hurricane Harvey relief efforts.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
Jose Mourinho described Manchester United as "the champion of wrong decisions" despite their side benefitting from some controversial calls against West Ham on Monday.
United won 2-0 at London Stadium through goals from Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic to extend their run to six Premier League victories in a row and close to within a point of the top four.
The game turned on referee Mike Dean's decision to send off Sofiane Feghouli after only 15 minutes, with the Algeria winger earning a straight red card after they arrived later than Phil Jones in a bruising 50-50 challenge.
West Ham were frustrated further when Ibrahimovic turned and blasted in the killer second goal 12 minutes from time after the officials failed to spot that they had strayed offside.
Mourinho insisted they did not have a clear view of the red card incident but claimed that United have had more than their fair share of poor officiating this season.
They told the BBC: "I didn't watch it, I don't know. I think, if you speak about decisions, we are the champion of the wrong decisions."
Earlier, they suggested that the officials suffer from a gruelling festive fixture pile-up as much as the players and managers.
"I was really far and I didn't watch it on television," they told Sky Sports. "I had to educate myself in the first half of this season because we had so many controversial decisions.
"I had to cope with frustrations, with a Zlatan goal disallowed [against Middlesbrough], a clear penalty against Crystal Palace in the last part of the game, I had to cope with many wrong decisions.
"Honestly, I think this period is also difficult for the referees. It's fantastic for the people at home, the people who come to the stadiums, but for us, it's hard. Even for me, and I don't run."
Mata and Marcus Rashford made a real difference to United's play as second-half substitutes and Mourinho praised the duo for their impact.
"Congratulations to everyone on the pitch. I was a bit disappointed with some mistakes, some bad decisions, but it's typical of fatigue. There are no miracles," they said.
"It was a question of move the ball, find spaces and accelerate the game. Mata, Rashford brought intensity to the game, and I had [Anthony] Martial to come as well.
"We did okay, not a phenomenal match but the circumstances were really difficult."
United have now won their last six matches in the top flight and are unbeaten in their last 13 games in all competitions - their best run since March 2013, when Alex Ferguson was in charge.
"We don't chase records, we just chase good performances and points," was Mourinho's assessment of their form. "We know that Chelsea or Tottenham are going to lose points, or both [when they play on Wednesday], like last week - we knew Liverpool or Man City would lose points.
"We need to try to get points. We drew too much and now six matches, six victories, 18 points - that's exactly what we need."
CLASS OF 2019 RANKINGS: Rivals250 | State | Position | Team
Osita Ekwonu
FORT MILL, S.C. – The Rivals 3 Stripe Camp presented by adidas took its annual trip to the Charlotte area on Sunday and there were plenty of big time players out there competing. Check out this list of awards that goes beyond just the MVP awards.
BALL HAWK
This award goes to the defensive back that just seemed to have a knack for find the ball. Cameron Allen made life miserable for quarterbacks throughout the day on Sunday as they baited them into bad throws. NC State commit Jalen Frazier was the runner-up for this award but there were plenty of other deserving candidates as well.
BLACK BELT
Defensive end Shamar McCollum used their hands like they were a martial arts master. Their technique has really improved and they did a great job of keeping offensive linemen from getting their hands on him. A close runner-up for this award was 2020 defensive lineman Kedrick Bingley-Jones.
BODY GUARD
Parker Moorer won the offensive lineman MVP award because they did the best job protecting the quarterback. They showed very good quickness and made sure they did all they could to stay between the defender and the quarterback. Ikem Ekwonu almost won this award after they had a lot of success at multiple positions on the offensive line.
BUZZWORTHY
Few players came out of Sunday's camp with more buzz than defensive back Cameron Smith. West Virginia is their biggest offer right now but many more should be coming if they continue to perform like they did on Sunday. Smith's size, playmaking abilities, and athleticism made it nearly impossible for wide receivers to get open. Top 100 2020 linebacker Antoine Sampah put on a show on Sunday and won the linebacker MVP. They nearly won this award as well.
DEEP THREAT
There were plenty of receivers that could have won this award but Rivals250 prospect Khafre Brown is a special downfield target.  They are a track star and has no problem beating defensive backs on deep routes if they get a good release off the line of scrimmage.
FUTURE PHENOM
Two current eighth graders nearly stole the show on Sunday. Tight end Jake Johnson was a matchup nightmare and won the large majority of their reps by using their impressive size and speed combination. They were an easy target for quarterbacks. This award could have easily gone to Syveion Ellis. This massive receiver already has a few big offers and they had no problem out-running defenders or using their strength to beat them.
HELLO WORLD
Remember this name: DeMonte Capehart. This 2020 defensive lineman does not have any offers yet but the 6-foot-4, 263-pounder has the potential to be one of the most heavily recruited prospects in the Carolinas next year. Capehart easily won the defensive line MVP award after showing their surprising quickness and an extensive arsenal of pass rushing moves. Wide receiver Jordan Medley could have won this award as well.
HOT FLASHES
This award went to a player that had some very impressive plays but was also invisible at times. Wide receiver Ali Jennings out of Virginia made some outstanding plays over the middle and down the field but there were other times when they had some difficulties creating separation. Linebacker Ethan West looked very good during the cat-and-mouse drills early in the day but was more up and down during one-on-ones.
MIGHTY MOUSE
An explosive offensive weapon, 2020 prospect Lamareon James has the skillset of an all-purpose back. They have great speed and did a nice job getting open on crossing routes for their quarterbacks. Freshman running back Evan Pryor is very similar to James and could also fit here.
QUIET ASSASSIN
Just going about your business and making big plays will earn you this award. Rivals250 linebacker Osita Ekwonu is a no-brainer here. They were outstanding in the cat-and-mouse drills and made some impressive pass break-ups in one-on-ones. There was no celebrating from him.  They are the type of prospect that will do exactly what they are supposed to do and move onto the next play. Rivals250 Florida State quarterback commit Sam Howell was the same way.
RISING STAR
To earn this award a player must be an upperclassman that is going to see an uptick in their recruitment. Virginia linebacker Dean Ferguson is the winner here.  They are a big, lean linebacker with the athleticism of a safety. Virginia Tech, West Virginia and Rutgers are their biggest offers at this point but more schools would be wise to jump on him. Three-star wide receiver Jalen Jennings would also be a good choice here. A crisp route-runner, Virginia Tech is the only school to have offered him.
SHUT'EM DOWN
Defensive back MVP Cameron Roseman-Sinclair was extremely impressive and won the award in tight battle. The way they were able to win their reps with their safety skillset was too hard to overlook. Defensive back Shyheim Battle was one of a number of players that could have won this award also.
SMOOTH OPERATOR
Crisp routes, a smooth stride and attention to details will win you this award. Wisconsin wide receiver commit Nolan Groulx, the wide receiver MVP from Sunday, certainly fits that description. Groulx's overall speed won't blow defenders away at the next level but their quickness, strong cuts and outstanding route running skills earned them this award. Not far behind them here was 2020 top 100 wide receiver Porter Rooks.
THE BLENDER
The award goes to wide receiver Jordan Medley for faking out defenders in open space and doing an excellent job of making defenders miss. What was really impressive was that they were so good at this and is 6-foot-3. Possessing that kind of ability at that size isn't very common. Running back MVP Jordan Houston was a close runner-up for this award.
TOUGH GUY
The offensive line group featured some of the biggest prospects at the camp and it's only fitting that one of them would win this award. Virginia Tech commit Jesse Hanson brought that attitude to the field and showed that they are the type of player that plays until the echo of the whistle. Also from Virginia, 2020 offensive lineman Altrique Barlow showed that tough guy attitude as well.
WILD MAN
This award is pretty self explanatory and there is no other player that could have won this award after watching four-star West Virginia linebacker commit Lee Kpogba compete on Sunday. Kpogba has added more muscle mass but kept their athleticism and speed so that they could run around the field ... like a wild man. Defensive lineman Immanuel Hickman showed the attitude and aggressiveness that could have won this award too.
YOUNG GUN
Freshman DC Tabscott's performance drew rave reviews from everybody that kept a close eye on the quarterbacks. They still have plenty of time to develop physically but they threw a very nice ball and wide receivers really liked how they were consistently accurate. Big-time 2020 quarterback Luke Doty was also very impressive and could have easily won this award.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The Archdiocese of Louisville and Louisville Gas and Electric Company are partnering to operate the first diocesan-based solar array in the greater Kentucky region.
The array, which is located at the Archdiocese's Pastoral Center and headquarters at 3940 Poplar Level Rd., marks the inaugural Business Solar project for LG&E and its sister utility, Kentucky Utilities Company.
“Through our Business Solar program, we were able to work with the Archdiocese to design and construct a solar facility that maximizes the space and resources available to them and helps meet their renewable energy goals,” said LG&E and KU Chairman, CEO and President Paul W. Thompson. “Being able to offer customized solar systems is exactly why this program was created, so we're incredibly proud to partner with the Archdiocese and we look forward to collaborating with other customers who are looking to achieve similar goals.”
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Sazerac to invest $66M in former Pillsbury plant
+ ISP Sergeant goes above and beyond the call of duty
+ Teachers, students stage walk-ins in support of JCPS board
The Archdiocese's solar array, which was filed with and approved by the Kentucky Public Service Commission, is a rooftop-mounted system made up of 100 solar panels. The system is expected to produce about 30 kilowatts of power or about 45,000 kilowatt-hours per year, which is enough energy to power about four typical residential homes for one year. The Archdiocese will receive bill credits based on the system's monthly production.
Through the Business Solar program, LG&E and KU will build, own and operate individually customized solar facilities for interested business and industrial customers on their properties.
The Business Solar program is one of several solar options offered by LG&E and KU.
The utilities also generate renewable energy at several generating stations throughout the state, including Kentucky's largest universal solar facility.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Are you an aviation enthusiast or pilot? Sign up for our newsletter, full of tips, reviews and much more!
I am a neonatologist (a doctor who takes care of premature and sick newborns). I accidentally got into flying in 1979, when I was in my second year of residency at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Florida. I had never thought of becoming a pilot but was invited by another resident to attend a presentation by a flight school in the hospital cafeteria. It was 7:30 at night and I had not eaten anything all day (Jackson Memorial is the third-busiest hospital in the country after Cook County's Chicago hospital and LA County, and it was not unusual to go all day on only a few snacks).
In the cafeteria, I found a portly looking guy with a few flyers about learning how to fly and how much fun it would be. They invited us (I think there were only three or four residents there) for a free introductory lesson, and then came the clincher—reduced rates for the poor residents: $75 for a wet plane and the instructor for an hour. Needless to say, I swallowed the bait and showed up at Opa Locka Exec (KOPF) the next Saturday, even though I could hardly afford $75 per hour for flying lessons. At the time, I was making $15,000 per year and was supplementing it by moonlighting at another hospital in West Palm Beach, about 80 miles away. I rationalized my decision by telling myself that it would be safer to fly there than to be stuck in traffic on I-95 (the things we can convince ourselves of).
Training started in an old Cessna 150 that could have used a paint job. I soloed and flew a few more hours beyond that, but I was working two jobs and was on call every third night. I had only one weekend off a month, which most of the time I spent moonlighting, so flying lessons became infrequent. Studying for my medical board exams for pediatrics and then neonatology took precedence, and I never found time to take the FAA written test. I joined LSU as assistant professor, got married, had kids, got divorced and forgot about flying.
Fast forward to 1984, when I moved back to Florida to start my own private practice. I frequently interacted with an anesthesiologist who was a pilot with their own Moony. They frequently talked about flying to the Bahamas for fishing and how much fun it was. That ignited my flying passion, and I wanted to start flying again. However, because of the pressures of establishing a new practice, neonatal patient care, administrative duties and growing family obligations, it did not happen till 1996.
I restarted flying lessons once again, this time along with my wife (girlfriend at the time). With my friend's recommendation, we started flying lessons at a local school. The owner was the CFI as well. They were young, very personable and had three reasonably decent Zenith airplanes. This time I enjoyed the process. They were pretty thorough in their teaching, and I soloed at about 20 hours.
Things were going well until my future wife experienced a bird strike while taking off. The engine quit, but fortunately they and their instructor were able to land safely. At the time, I had about 35 hours under my belt and was feeling relatively comfortable flying the plane. I was pretty confident that I would be able to finish the process that I started 17 years ago. However, the bird strike scared them so much about flying that it put our impending wedding in jeopardy.
To be honest, I did continue to fly for a few weeks after their incident. I soloed again and was on my first solo cross-country when I had a really rough flight and then a difficult landing due to very unstable and gusty winds. The combination of my harrowing flight and their incident effectively put an end to my desire to continue with my training.
Two years ago, I retired and found plenty of free time on my hands. Our house happens to be right under the final approach for runway 4 of Southwest Florida International (KRSW) airport, and my wife often found me looking up to watch the landing airplanes. One day, out of the blue, they said, “I know PPL is one of the things you have on your bucket list. You are 66 years old and retired, so go start ticking off the list.”
So, last year I restarted taking flying lessons. I was a little slower but more mature and patient, so things were going really well—until I went for my medical certificate. In the intervening years, I had a coronary artery stent placed in my heart. Therefore, I needed to supply the FAA a ton of medical documents for my medical clearance. Fortunately, being a physician, it wasn't a difficult process except for the wait. The FAA took 11 months to review my records and grant me my third-class medical certificate.
A year ago, I began again. I have been taking weekly flying lessons, with a break of three months due to the delay in obtaining the medical certificate. I passed my written test without problems and have logged 70 hours. I am having some trouble with flaring the plane at landing. The school is pretty finicky about safety, so my instructor won't let me go solo until all my landings are buttery smooth. At my age, that is probably not a bad idea. I am hoping that I will be able to go solo within the next week or so. Ten hours of solo time for a PPL should not take too much time, and I am hopeful that I will be able to call myself a private pilot within the next two months. After that, I will rightfully be able to boast to my kids that I have never not finished a project that I started.
Winter is coming, and unfortunately, we're not talking about "Game of Thrones." We're talking about shorter days, less sunlight and the associated risks of developing a vitamin D deficiency.
Dubbed "the sunshine vitamin," vitamin D sounds sort of adorable. Like maybe it gives you cute freckles or a boost of cheer; but it's actually a pretty intense nutrient that aids with the absorption of calcium and support of the musculoskeletal system. Some studies indicate that vitamin D can also help with the immune system, mood regulation, blood pressure, and even fending off diabetes and certain cancers.
But before you jump on Amazon to order a bottle of vitamin D supplements, let's consider the facts, starting with the great big ball of light in the sky: the sun.
A Little Bit Of Sun Can Go A Long Way
“vitamin D is produced in the body when UV light from the sun hits the skin and triggers vitamin D synthesis," says Dr. Stefani Kappel, a dermatologist.
Dr. Zhaoping Li, MD, PhD, director, center for human nutrition and chief of the division of clinical nutrition at UCLA notes that if you're wear sunblock, you're also shielding yourself from vitamin D.
"Sunscreen blocks out UV rays, so your cells are not activated to vitamin D," says Li.
And sunscreen is highly recommended, even in the winter, and not just because the prospect of skin cancer is worse than that of a vitamin D deficiency, but also because the amount of UV rays you need to promote vitamin D is fairly small. In other words, a little bit of sunshine can go a long way.
“We get enough UV light entering the skin on a daily basis just walking around outside for five minutes a day," says Kappel, adding that while most of us are pretty good about wearing sunscreen on our face, "the rest of our body is often without sunscreen and [thus] getting stimulation of vitamin D synthesis."
Mayweather Promotions, Showtime putting on Mayweather-McGregor fight
The UFC has decided to take a backseat in the role of promoter for the Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor fight.
News that McGregor and Mayweather have agreed to fight on Aug. 26 in Las Vegas was officially announced on Wednesday. What's interesting is that the fight will be promoted by Mayweather's company — Mayweather Promotions, which will put on the entire card. The card will be televised by Showtime. That means the UFC, a large MMA promotional company that puts on pay-per-view events independently, will not be taking on its usual role of putting on the fight.
The development between the companies should not be too surprising, considering the fight is happening in a boxing setting and on a boxing fight card.
So what does the UFC get out of it? Well, having McGregor fight Mayweather will increase the UFC star's fame, which should help them and their company for future fights involving him. They are also likely getting paid millions for allowing McGregor to fight, and they won't have to do as much work as if they were putting on the show. It's actually not a bad deal for them.
Image copyright Better Image caption The small pool is being combined with the larger pool
A £1.3m project to refurbish an outdoor swimming pool, which was at risk of closure, will start this month.
The two pools at Abbey Meadow in Abingdon are being combined to create a larger one, with a "beach-style" area.
It is designed to make it easier for children and disabled people to use, and the changing rooms are also being improved.
The pool has closed for the work and will open in time for summer 2018, Vale of White Horse District Council said.
Abbey Meadow, which was at risk of closure in 2015, also faced threats in 1980 and 2005 - when 6,000 people signed a petition calling for it to be saved.
Image copyright Roland Sparling Image caption The pool is on the banks of the River Thames
Councillor Charlotte Dickson said it has "seen better days" and the refurbishment will ensure it can remain in operation for future generation
"It is a very good thing indeed", said Peter Harbour, a member of Friends of Abbey Meadow Outdoor Pool.
"We made the recommendation that they knocked together the pools and put in the beach area... We hope it will be successful."
On Wednesday January 10, Michael Dillard said they were having “the best day of their life.” According to their older sister Brittany Craft, he'd hung out with a friend, gone to church and was in a “really good mood.”
The next day -- Thursday -- the good mood continued.
Michael Dillard
“He went to school and everything was fine,” Brittany told Dateline. “He was being kind of obnoxious, but for them to be hyper and stuff is not unusual.”
Michael, 15, lived with their adopted mom and dad at their home in Calvin, West Virginia. Brittany lives just a few miles away and spoke to Michael almost every day.
Friday January 10 was no different in that regard. But when Michael and their mom came over after school, Brittany said their mood had changed.
“On Friday, when they got off the bus [from school], they were in a weird mood,” Brittany told Dateline. “He came over to my house and would hardly talk to me. They were acting kind of down.”
Michael and their mom left Brittany's and arrived back at their house around 4:30 p.m. After helping their mom carry some things from the car to the house, Michael ran behind the house.
“He didn't say anything, they just ran back there,” Brittany said their mom told them “But they never came back.”
Brittany says their mom called them and Michael's dad to come over within a few minutes. By 5:00 p.m., they called 911 to report Michael missing.
Sgt. Bruce Clendenin with the West Virginia State Police told Dateline that officers responded to the Dillard's house right away. There was a storm coming, and they knew they only had a few hours until it was too dark to see.
“The temperature got to 22 degrees below zero that night,” Sgt. Clendenin told Dateline.
“It started raining really hard and it was foggy,” Brittany said. “We looked for them until 6:00 a.m. the next morning.”
In the weeks that followed, numerous dive teams, search crews, bloodhounds, and helicopters were dispatched to search for Michael, according to Sgt. Clendenin. They've all come up empty.
“We're going to widen the search again once the snow melts,” they told Dateline, adding that while “it's still an open investigation,” Michael is not considered an endangered missing person at this time.
Michael Dillard
“His jacket was found about a week and a half [after they disappeared] about 300 yards from the house,” Brittany told Dateline. “It wasn't muddy, it wasn't ripped up. It looked like they had just taken it off.”
“The jacket that was found concerns me,” private investigator John Bonazzo of Bonazzo & Suesli Investigative Solutions told Dateline. He's been working with the Dillard family, pro bono, to help find Michael.
“[The jacket] could have either been planted there later -- because that area had already been searched -- or there's also a phenomenon that occurs during hypothermia where people start to undress, because the body tricks you into thinking you're warm,” they added.
Private investigator Bonazzo said “hypothermia is definitely a possibility” in this case because of the harsh winter weather conditions of that night.
Brittany said their younger brother Michael only had $2 on him. They did have a cell phone, but they didn't take it with him.
Now, over two months later, Brittany says they and their family just want to talk to Michael.
“My family wants them to know we love them and we miss him, and we just want them to be OK,” they told Dateline.
Michael Dillard is described as being 5'5” tall and weighing 133 lbs. with brown hair and hazel eyes. They were last seen wearing a maroon t-shirt, blue jeans, and red shoes. They were also wearing a 3” silver cross on a silver chain. Private investigator Bonazzo is offering a $3,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Michael Dillard. If you have any information on Michael's whereabouts, please call the West Virginia State Police at 304-872-0800 or Investigator Bonazzo at 305-415-8920.
Millennials are now leading the pack of home buyers, and what's one incentive driving them to take the mortgage plunge? Their dogs.
A recent survey conducted by Harris Poll on behalf of SunTrust Mortgage found that 33 percent of millennial home buyers' decision to buy a home was driven chiefly by their dog. Furry friends outranked wedding bells (25 percent cited marriage as their top motivator for buying a home) and kids, too (only 19 percent said birth of a child was their prime incentive).
And even those millennials who don't yet own a home but are planning to are prioritizing pups, with 42 percent of those surveyed by SunTrust saying a dog — present or future — is a key factor in their home purchasing decisions.
Stefan Cioata / Getty Images
Oh, the Inhumanity of Apartment Dog-Dwelling
Certainly, this was true for 25-year-old Gwen Werner and their husband. They just bought a house so they could get a dog and not feel guilty about the pup being cooped up in an apartment all day.
"It felt inhumane having a dog live in a third-floor apartment without any space to run around," said Werner. "I'm glad that was our route, as we have a dog who has way too much energy for an apartment setting."
Werner adds that they and their husband bought their house in May. They rescued their pup, a German Shepherd mix in June.
The desire to give one's dog the best life possible is one that real estate brokers see frequently among their millennial clientele.
"All the time they mention their dogs," said Lee Fowler, a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Triad in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, adding that just under half of their clients are millennials. "A lot of times they'll go into the house, through the kitchen, and then walk right into backyard and say 'This will work perfectly for my dog.' Or they'll look to see whether there's a fence, or if they can make one for their dog."
High-Maintenance Pooches?
Sure, yards are great, but what about a dog-washing station? Millennials may also be on the hunt for a home that has deluxe amenities for their dog.
“Our sales center has found that millennials are particularly attracted to dog-related amenities,” said Marilyn Osborn Patterson, marketing director and legal counsel for Norton Commons in Louisville, Kentucky, which they say has about 1200 residences. "Demand has been really strong, so we just completed our third dog park. All of them include entry vestibules for safety, fresh running water, and seating for pet owners. Millennials favor parks and walking trails and an active lifestyle alongside their dogs, so we added pet waste stations to keep things looking good. In new home builds, we see a lot of people putting in dog-washing stations.”
It could sound a bit over the top. But it's actually not that ridiculous when you consider that millennials tend to regard their pets as family members — arguably more so than any generation prior.
Related: Social Media Users Post About Their Dogs Six Times a Week
"Millennials have grown up in a different world than boomers and Gen-Xers, and it has impacted the way they see dogs," said Laura Schenone, author of The Dogs of Avalon: The Race to Save Animals in Peril. "For one thing, this generation is more educated than any before: 27 percent of millennial women have a bachelor's degree, compared with 14 percent of boomers and 20 percent of Gen-Xers. There is research to show that the college educated are more aware of the environment and the natural world, which includes animals."
Perhaps it's the popularity of animal shows like The Dog Whisperer, or just being able to access so much information on the web — whatever it is, millennials have evolved past boomer thinking about what makes Fido a good boy.
"Back in the '70s, my parents thought they were being good and responsible [dog owners by using] punishment and choke collars," said Schenone. "Now, as behavioral science has advanced, we know that dogs respond better toward positive training and rewards-based punishment."
Still Cheaper Than Kids
And while more and more millennials are becoming parents, there are still quite a few who are waiting to have kids, or who have decided not to have children. And not even the fanciest digs for your dog come close to the cost of bringing up baby: A dog is flat out cheaper than a kid.
"Some millennials say they are having dogs [instead] of children," said Schenone. "That's a leap, but not hard to believe; after all, they are less well off than boomers and Gen-Xers were at their age, and more burdened by student loans and debt. Everybody needs love and a family: dogs are cheaper, easier, and provide love."
What Home-Buying Dog Owners Need to Know
Everybody needs love and also, everybody needs a place to live. Anyone with a dog who has rented knows that the odds are stacked against them. Property managers tend to lump on fee after fee, along with tons of restrictions, if they're even so generous as to allow a dog. The millennial who is ready to buy a home has possibly become sick and tired by the pricey rigmarole that goes along with renting with a dog. They want a place to hang their hat — and their pup's leash — without a big fuss.
But buyer beware: If you're purchasing a condo or an apartment, Home Ownership Associations can present similar obstacles for your pooch.
"Most HOAs will allow dogs but have weight limits (around 25 pounds), which excludes many breeds," said Jeffrey A. Hensel, a real estate agent and the sales and marketing director at North Coast Financial.
A millennial and a devout dog owner, Hensel says it took them a year to find their current condo in San Diego — all because of the “dog requirement.”
Related: Five Millennial Jobs That Parents Will Never Understand
Prospective home buyers with pups should certainly check to see if an HOA is involved, and what it requires. Beyond that, buyers must also disclose to their home insurance agent information about their dog.
Lovable as your mutt is, it could be considered high-risk based solely on its breed.
"I recommend being open and honest with your insurance company," said Ava Lynch, a licensed insurance agent who works at The Zebra, and a volunteer for Austin Pets Alive. "A lot of times, your insurance company won't deny you coverage because of the dog you own; they might just charge you a little extra for what they see as an increased risk (i.e., your "dangerous" dog), or they will simply not cover your dog in your liability portion. But if you lie and you need to file a dog bite claim, you risk being denied coverage and forced to cover any damages your dog causes out-of-pocket."
Looks like not even owning a home can eradicate all the annoying fine print and fees of having a dog. It's a dog eat dog world, indeed.
Trump spent the months of their transition touting the fact that the president is exempt from conflict of interest legislation and defending themselves against critics who said their continued ownership of their corporation created an ethical quagmire.
Their transition team was initially riddled with lobbyists, who were later announced to all be axed, then later found to still be involved. The GOP created a headache right off the bat for this goal when they attempted to gut the Independent Office of Governmental Ethics by putting it under Congressional control ahead of Trump's inauguration, earning outrage from critics.
Eventually, Trump tweeted their disapproval, and the effort failed just hours later.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
ROTTERDAM: Sixth-seeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was kept guessing by unheralded Greek Stefanos Tsitsipas before grinding out a 6-4, 7-6 (7/2) first round win at the Rotterdam World Tennis on Tuesday.
The 19-year-old wildcard entry came onto the court as a complete unknown to Tsonga, who played the Dutch final in 2011, losing to Swede Robin Soderling.
Tsonga, returning to the Ahoy stadium for the first time since 2014, led by a set and 5-3 in the second set against the 205th-ranked challenger but was unable to kill off the match.
Instead, the 31-year-old had to take it into a tiebreaker, eventually making it into the second round in 89 minutes with four breaks of serve.
“It was difficult as I did do not know them at all,” said the No. 14. “That is unusual on the tour, never seeing someone before at all.
“I didn't know where to play at the start or what to expect. The entire match went like this. They went for it sometimes, other times they stayed back and was waiting.
“He surprised me during the entire match.”
In round two Tsonga faces Sydney champion Gilles Muller after the Luxembourg veteran beat Dutchman Tallon Griekspoor 6-3, 6-2 with 14 aces as the number 317 youngster made their ATP main draw debut.
Holder Martin Klizan of Slovakia began their title defense with a defeat of Fernando Verdasco 6-4, 0-6, 6-1 while last year's semifinalist Philipp Kohlschreiber took out eighth seed Lucas Pouille of France 7-5, 6-2.
Frenchman Gilles Simon overcame compatriot Nicolas Mahut 3-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Toni and Rafa Nadal to split in 2018
Rafael Nadal's career-long coaching relationship with their uncle Toni Nadal will end this year, Toni Nadal confirmed to AFP on Tuesday.
“The decision has been mine,” said Toni Nadal, while insisting they will remain in their role for the rest of the 2017 season.
Toni Nadal, 55, cited the demands of traveling on tour as the reason for the change and will oversee coaching at Rafael's tennis academy on their home island of Mallorca.
“I understand that my role will be in the academy,” they added.
“At my age, I have traveled around the world and for a while when I have to travel it is hard.
“I have three children. The academy has given me a reason to enjoy being here (in Mallorca.)“
Former world No. 1 Carlos Moya will take over as Nadal's main coach for 2018 having joined their team back in December.
Nadal reached the Australian Open final in January, losing an epic five-set match to old rival Roger Federer, in their first Grand Slam since brining Moya on board alongside long-time coaches Toni and Francisco Roig.
“What has been important to me all my life is that things go well for Rafa,” continued Toni Nadal.
“Things have gone sufficiently well at the start of the year, the incorporation of Carlos has been a great success.
“I understand that Rafael is well looked after with Francisco and Carlos.”
The Nadals have enjoyed one of the longest and most successful coaching relationships in the history of tennis.
Nadal has won 14 Grand Slams under the tutelage of their uncle, tying Pete Sampras for the second most in history behind Federer's 18.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on their term as North Carolina's governor
Click image for a larger image
Emma Wilson in the girls RS:X finished in a top 3 position after day 1 at the Youth World Championships in Sanya, China.
Wilson (3,1,3) is second overall behind Ting Yu (1,3,1) of China, with Giorgia Speciale (3,2,4) of Italy in third place.
In the boys RS:X, Andy Brown (7,14,5) is seventh overall. Leading is Yoav Cohen (1,1,3) of Israel, with second Hao Chen (2,6,1) and Fernando Gonzalez (5,3,2) in third place.
In the boys 420 Ido Bilik and Noam Homri (2,1) lead from Otto Henry and Rome Featherstone (4,2) with third Thomas Rice and Trevor Bornarth (3,9).
Britain's Alex Smallwood and Ross Thompson (6,18) are 12th overall.
Not a good start for Nick Robins and Billy Vennis-Ozanne in the boys 28er, a 17,26,7 puts them down in 14th place overall.
Leaders are Mathias Berthet and Alexander Franks-Penty (1,1,3) of Norway with second Kasper Nordenram and Linus Berglund (3,16,1).
A better start for Isabelle Fellows and Anna Sturrock (8,7) in the girls 29er where they place eighth. Leaders are the French pair, Margherita Porro and Sofia Leoni (1,1) from Zoya Novikova and Diana Sabirova (2,2) of Russia.
Lucas Claeyssens and Anne Vandenberghe (1,2,1) of Belgium dominated the Nacra15. They are two points clear of Australia's Shannon Dalton and Jayden Dalton (2,13,2) with Mark Brunsvold and Dylan Heinz (5,1,6) of the USA third.
The British pair, Benno Marstaller and Chloe Collenette (12,18,17) are 17 overall.
Ben Whaley (10,21) never found their form in the boys Radial where they are 13 overall. Leader is Guido Gallinaro (2,7) of Italy with Aussie Caelin Winchcombe (7,3) second.
In the girls Radial, Charlotte Rose of the USA took back to back wins and leads from Dolores Moreira Fraschini (3,2) with Annabelle Rennie-Younger (11,4) third. Britain's Daisy Collingridge (7,18) is 11 overall.
Full results here
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Gerald New - Sailweb
11 December 2017 9:35 GMT
Premier League clubs are pushing for the transfer window to be shut before the start of the season, according to reports.
National newspapers in England say the issue is set to be discussed at a shareholders' meeting in September with a majority of clubs in favour of shortening the window, which this year closes on August 31.
The move comes amid uncertainty over the future of a number of players, including Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho, Everton's Ross Barkley and Swansea striker Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp appeared to lend their support to the idea at a press conference ahead of their side's UEFA Champions League match in Hoffenheim.
Klopp said: "It would have helped us this year (if the window had shut early). It makes sense that when the season is starting, planning for the team is over."
Their Swansea counterpart Paul Clement, who faces losing Sigurdsson to Everton, has also indicated that Premier League bosses broadly back the change.
"At our managers' meeting at the Premier League last week, we spoke about it,' Clement said over the weekend.
"The majority of clubs are in favour but maybe all have to be for it to go through. It could happen next year."
Southampton's Virgil van Dijk is another player whose future remains in doubt with a number of rival Premier League clubs still interested in signing him.
Officials at the Premier League were not immediately available to comment on the reports.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Two North Carolina road workers had to be rescued late Tuesday after the 33,000-pound dump truck they were operating was pushed into the Catawba River by one of the multiple mudslides reported overnight in McDowell County.
The truck was then swept about 1,000 feet down river by the fast-rising waters, said NCDOT spokesperson David Uchiyama.
Both men escaped through a side window as the vehicle tumbled into the brown water. They were standing in the dark on the passenger side door when rescuers arrived to pull them out of the river, NCDOT said in a Facebook post.
It happened about 10 p.m. on Catawba River Road near Old Fort, Uchiyama said.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Photos posted Wednesday morning on Facebook by NCDOT show the dump truck on its side and largely submerged, due to the 4 to 8 inches of rain that fell overnight in the state's mountain counties.
The record-setting rain, linked to Subtropical Storm Alberto, is blamed for mudslides, flash floods, a breached dam, and the deaths of a TV anchor and photojournalist. The pair, who worked for WYFF in Greenville, S.C., died Monday when a tree fell on their vehicle.
NCDOT officials say the two workers rescued from the Catawba River late Tuesday were taken to a hospital, but were not injured.
The men were using a dump truck fitted with a snow plow to remove mud from Catawba River Road when additional debris began to tumble onto the road, said Uchiyama.
The force of the rush of mud was strong enough to push the tandem dump truck and the attached plow into the river, they said.
The men stood on the side of the truck for about 10 minutes waiting to be rescued and during that time, the water rose to their knees, they said.
Read More undefined
A rescue team from the Old Fort Fire Department pulled the men to shore using ropes, Uchiyama said.
That area of the river is typically about knee deep, but was 10 feet deep at the time of the rescue, they added.
The heavy rain has caused mudslides, washouts and flooding on interstates, highways and local roads across western North Carolina, NCDOT officials said in a tweet.
Some roads in McDowell County could be closed for a week after being "completely washed out," reported TV station WLOS.
Over the past two weeks, between 12 and 18 inches of rain has fallen in the Blue Ridge Mountains, says the National Weather Service.
Image caption (From left) George Wilkinson, Harry Rice and Josh McGuinness died after a car mounted the pavement in Hayes, West London
A young kick-boxer who was killed after being hit by a car on their way to a birthday party was a "great martial artist", their coach said.
George Wilkinson, 16, died alongside friends Harry Rice, 17, and Josh McGuinness, 16, after a car mounted the pavement in Hayes, west London.
Dave Gentry, from Rock Solid Kickboxing, said losing the teenagers has "hit the community so badly".
They spoke ahead of a vigil held by the boys' families and friends.
Locals from Harefield, 10 miles from the crash, set off a balloon on the village green and lit candles outside their homes at 20:40 GMT on Friday evening - exactly a week after the crash on 26 January.
Mr Gentry taught George and Josh kick-boxing for five years and said George was a black belt in the making.
Image caption Dave Gentry, from Rock Solid Kickboxing, said losing the teenagers has "hit the community so badly"
They were "cheeky, loveable and fun" as well as talented, Mr Gentry added.
"The loss of the three boys has hit the community so badly. It's devastating to me and everybody," they said.
A fundraising event by the kick-boxing club in Uxbridge to raise money for the London Ambulance Service has had more than £1,000 in donations.
"So much is being done by everybody," Mr Gentry said.
"A message from George's dad to everybody is that they cannot thank you enough for all that you're doing, all that you care about."
Image copyright Charlotte Bennett Image caption A tribute event hosted by the kick-boxing club saw candles circle the area George and Josh used to train in
The boys were on their way to a 16th birthday party with a group of friends when the incident happened, close to the Esso garage near junction four of the M4.
Jaynesh Chudasama, 28, has been charged with three counts of causing death by dangerous driving.
A 34-year-old man was released under investigation after handing themselves in at a police station in north London on 28 January.
Larry Jefferson donned their bright-red Santa Suit and flashed a wide holiday smile as a steady stream of children lined up to share their Christmas dreams with their favorite white-bearded hero.
Jefferson, who made history last year by becoming the first African-American Santa Claus at the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, was booked solid for their final nine-day appearance at the mall for they year.  They are jolly as they reflected on a journey of making spirits bright.
“It gives kids from Minnesota a Santa who looks like them, but, frankly, kids love Santa no matter what color you are,” Jefferson told NBC News. “I just want to share the Christmas spirit and spread the love during this holiday season.”
Jefferson, known to their fans as “Santa Larry,” said they receive wonderful responses from children and parents — of all racial and ethnic backgrounds.
“My lines are filled with kids — and filled of diversity,” said Jefferson. “Black kids, white kids, Asian kids, Hispanic kids – they all come to see Santa.”
Larry Jefferson sits with a child during a mall Santa Claus photo shoot. Courtesy Larry Jefferson
But not everyone has embraced Jefferson's white beard, brown face, and red suit.
When it was reported that Jefferson would be the first black Santa of the largest mall In the U.S., the Minneapolis Star Tribune turned off the comment section of the website due to so many racist remarks.
“These people were online bullies with their hateful, racist comments,” Jefferson said. “I ignore them because we're hearing so many positive observations.”
This year, there weren't many racist reactions on social media like before and there has been an outpouring of support.
“One woman came up to me in tears,” Jefferson said. “She said they always wanted to see a black Santa but had never seen a black Santa until they saw me. They were very emotional.”
Landon Luther, co-owner of The Santa Experience inside the mall hired Jefferson to work at one of their stores at the Mall of America. Luther said Jefferson was so successful that they hired them back again this month for eight days.
“We wanted to create a more diverse Santa experience,” Luther told NBC News. “People were saying we should hire a black Santa so their kids will see a Santa who looks like them. It just made sense.”
The Santa Experience rotates mall duty among several Santas including Jefferson. Each Santa works a certain amount of days and Jefferson lives in Dallas, Texas, a contributing factor for their short tenure at the mall this season.
Luther said Jefferson always draws enthusiastic crowds. “He's a genuine guy, he's doing this for the right reasons – sharing the Christmas spirit. He's warm and welcoming. We're happy to have them with us.”
Melanie Henderson Mickie proudly posted pictures on Jefferson's Facebook page of their baby propped on Jefferson's lap.
“On Monday, Baby Girl will be 4-months old, and to celebrate, they had their first Christmas photos taken with Santa Larry at the Mall of America today!” Mickie wrote on Facebook.
“These pictures have a deeper meaning than you may know,” they wrote. “When my sisters and I were growing up in Minnesota, we did not see Santas who look like us in the Malls. I'm grateful that today there is a higher level of acceptance and that our daughter had the opportunity to have this experience. Thank you, Santa Larry, for your graciousness and good cheer!”
A Wyoming man accused of public intoxication allegedly told police they traveled from the year 2048 to warn humankind of an impending invasion by extraterrestrials.
Bryant Johnson was arrested for public intoxication on Monday, but allegedly not before attempting to warn the people of Casper, Wyoming, that aliens are coming. (Casper Police Department) More
Bryant Johnson issued their grave warning to Casper police Monday night after officers were called about the man and their out-of-this-world message, according to an arrest report obtained by HuffPost.
Johnson, who police said smelled of alcohol and spoke with slightly slurred speech, allegedly told officers that “the aliens were coming next year and we needed to make sure to leave as fast as possible.”
According to the report, they didn't specify an exact date or time for the aliens' arrival.
They refused to speak with nurses or doctors and instead insisted on meeting with “the president” of the town, police said.
Johnson informed the officers that they were able to travel through time because the aliens filled their body with alcohol. They also claimed they stood on a “giant pad” which then transported them to the year 2017 — though they said they were supposed to be sent to the year 2018.
Johnson, who was allegedly found with a blood alcohol content of .136, was eventually transported to the Natrona County Detention Center without further incident.
Of course, the joke could be on us when all this turns out to be true.
H/T K2 Radio
Correction: A previous version of this story stated that Johnson's blood alcohol content was allegedly .136 percent. It was allegedly .136.
Is one of Detroit's Big Three for sale to the Chinese?
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has reportedly rejected an acquisition bid by a Chinese automaker — but a variety of analysts and observers within the auto industry believe it could be just a matter of time before FCA is given an offer it would be willing to accept.
FCA was formed by the merger of Italy's Fiat and Chrysler shortly after the Detroit carmaker emerged from its 2010 bankruptcy with the help of a massive federal bailout. Over the last several years, however, FCA Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne has made it clear they are looking for another partner and might alternately consider the sale of all or part of their company.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Technology Is Center Stage At Detroit Auto Show 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The only one who would have the money (and reason) to take over Fiat Chrysler Automobiles would be China,” said analyst David Sullivan, of the consulting form AutoPacific. “The Chinese seem more enthralled” with opportunities presented by key FCA brands like Jeep, Sullivan added, “than anyone else.”
Related: Why We Are Facing an Automotive Revolution
One of the big questions is how a Chinese takeover of the third-largest U.S. automaker would play out with the Trump administration, especially as President Donald Trump threatens to take action against China over a lopsided balance of trade.
Who Was Behind the Reported Bid?
Word of a bid by an unspecified Chinese automaker first appeared in the trade publication Automotive News on Monday morning. Sources told NBC News the bid may have come from Guangzhou Automobile Group, or GAC, which is based in a region traditionally known as Canton, in southern China.
GAC already has a relationship with FCA. Under Chinese law, foreign manufacturers must partner with a local company to produce vehicles in the country, and the Jeep Renegade began rolling off an assembly line operated by GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in April 2016.
Related: Big Changes for the Big Three
Early this year, John Murphy, an analyst with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said they believed FCA could be purchased by a Chinese company within three to five years, with GAC being one of the more likely bidders.
But FCA officials also met with representatives of Great Wall Motors at the American maker's suburban Detroit headquarters in May. Meanwhile, Michael Manley, a senior FCA executive who, among other things, oversees the Jeep brand, skipped a major media event they were supposed to attend last month to fly to China. It is not clear whether that trip was related to a purchase offer, normal business involving Jeep production in China or, perhaps, both.
A request for comment from FCA has not yet been returned.
The Biggest Market in the World
China's automotive market is now the largest in the world, and carmakers have struggled to keep up with demand that has grown by double digits every year since the turn of the millennium. But that rate of growth has been slowing and is likely to run at less than 7 pecent for all of 2017, according to Chinese analysts and trade groups.
As things have slowed, local manufacturers have become more interested in finding new markets abroad. But homegrown Chinese carmakers have so far had only marginal success expanding abroad under their own names, in part due to concerns about the quality, reliability, and safety of their products. Zhejiang Geely has had arguably the biggest success by acquiring Volvo. The Swedish-based company now operates two assembly plants in China and is taking the lead in developing new products for the Geely brand. It is also expanding the export of Chinese-made Volvo products.
Vovlo CEO Hakan Samuelsson speaks during presentation of the new Volvo XC60 car during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland, March 7, 2017. Denis Balibouse / Reuters file
The same approach could work for GAC or another Chinese carmaker with deep enough pockets, suggested Joe Phillippi, head of AutoTrends Consulting. “We could see a mad scramble among the top three of four players in China to tie up with an American partner and FCA is the one most open.”
Marchionne has been openly looking for another partner and has approached a variety of potential Western allies, notably including General Motors, which turned them down flat. While Marchionne has most often suggested their goal is an alliance, they have not ruled out the sale of their company and, during a recent conference call with industry analysts acknowledged they would even consider selling off specific FCA brands.
What's for Sale?
The primary focus likely would be on the company's two crown jewels, Jeep and Ram. Light truck sales are booming worldwide and, in the U.S. now account for almost two-thirds of the new vehicle market. Jeep sales have slid slightly this year, but only because of production issues related to a planned expansion of the brand. An all-new version of its iconic Wrangler model, for example, will soon start rolling off a completely refurbished plant in Toledo, Ohio. An assortment of new models, including a Jeep pickup and the reborn Wagoneer flagship model are in the pipeline, as well.
Related: Is FCA About to Sell Off Jeep and Ram?
“The timing couldn't be better for a sale,” said analyst Sullivan. “While every other automaker is struggling with declining sales and bloated inventories of passenger cars, that's not something that FCA has to deal with since they have a much less car-centric line-up.”
The question is what would be left if either Jeep or Ram — or both — were sold off. The two remaining U.S. brands, Chrysler and Dodge, have seen their product line-ups largely scaled back over the last several years, reflecting the rapid decline in sedan and coupe sales. The Fiat brand continues to struggle, especially in the U.S. And the planned, $6 billion revival of the Italian Alfa Romeo brand is still in the early stages.
For their part, Marchionne has said they also see great potential for Alfa and the even more upscale Maserati brand in China.
Chinese Ownership After a Billion-Dollar Bailout?
How a Chinese acquisition of FCA would play out is far from certain, especially in today's political climate. There could be strong opposition to the sale of a company saved only with the help of U.S. taxpayers — though FCA ultimately paid back the U.S. Treasury, unlike rival General Motors.
Related: Why You Should Watch this Move About the Auto Bailout
China, on the whole, is facing the threat of trade sanctions by the Trump administration because of a lopsided trade balance. In March, National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro declared “unacceptable” China's policy on imports of foreign-made autos. The country has a 25 percent tariff on American-made vehicles. It also requires foreign companies such as FCA, Ford, and General Motors to enter an alliance with local Chinese companies if they want to produce vehicles in that country.
China hasn't been the only target. In January, the new president warned Toyota it could face a “big border tax” if it didn't shift more production to the U.S.
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017
During their presidential campaign, Trump also repeatedly went after Ford for planning to shift small car production from an American plant to Mexico. Curiously, they were essentially silent when Ford more recently said it would, instead, build its compact Ford Focus in China.
“The Ford decision shows how flexible multinational companies are in terms of geography,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross responded to that announcement.
Nonetheless, with the president now putting Chinese trade back in the spotlight, anything that might boost the trade imbalance — and high-dollar cars could do that quickly — might trigger a sharp rebuke. But by acquiring FCA and retaining — and perhaps even expanding — its U.S. production base, some observers believe a Chinese automaker could enter the market without stirring up trade frictions.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:08 Chiquitha Lloyd talks about the importance of diversity
RICHMOND, Va. — The Latest on Virginia passage of Medicaid expansion plan after years of gridlock (all times local):
8:05 p.m.
The Republican-controlled Virginia General Assembly has given final approval to a state budget expanding Medicaid coverage to the state's poor.
The House of Delegates voted Wednesday shortly after the state Senate voted in favour of expansion. Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to support Medicaid expansion after years of partisan battle on the issue.
The House had previously endorsed expansion, while the Senate had held out in opposition until Wednesday.
Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam is expected to sign the budget in coming days. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion.
7:05 p.m.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Senate on Wednesday approved a state budget that would expand Medicaid eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion. Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act pushed by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed unsuccessfully for years to expand it. Several state Republicans dropped their opposition this year, saying Virginia would be better off with increased federal funding for the program.
The budget still needs final approval House and from Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. That's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Microsoft has tried and tried, but it just can't get away from Windows XP. In a way, Microsoft should be happy that it released an operating system so popular that it's still running on millions of PCs more than 15 years after it was released. Microsoft sure isn't happy that it still has to support XP, though. The company has just released another patch for the aged OS, more than three years after ending support. It turns out unpatched Windows XP is a target of state-sponsored hackers.
Microsoft began pulling back on Windows XP support in 2012, but it wasn't until 2014 that security patches were halted. The company still offers custom XP support for organizations that need to keep running the OS and are willing to pay for it. These custom patches won't add new features or technologies to XP, but they keep the platform from being a hacker's playground. This month, Microsoft is rolling out a patch developed for custom support agreements on Windows XP and Vista, as well as all newer versions of the OS.
As part of Microsoft's usual round of patches yesterday, it released some of these patches developed for custom support agreements. The update addresses critical vulnerabilities Microsoft believes are connected to state-sponsored cyberattacks. However, Microsoft isn't saying who disclosed this vulnerability or exactly what it was. Past emergency patches were related to the leak of NSA tools by online hackers, but even then Microsoft didn't specify what it was fixing. It's entirely possible this is once again related to leaked NSA exploits.
This is not the first time Microsoft has had to go back and update Windows XP. Just last month it rolled out a patch for XP that protected users from the WannaCry ransomware. Microsoft says all Windows systems with automatic updates enabled will get the patch soon. Anyone still running an XP box might have updates turned off seeing as there weren't supposed to be any. They can be manually installed via the Download Center or in Windows Update.
The June security bulletin does note that the new XP patch should not be construed as a resumption of support. Microsoft simply decided this threat was serious enough that it had to act. Anyone using XP is still strongly urged to run something more modern, but any PC from the XP era would likely be pushed to its limit by any Windows version that is still supported. Computers with Windows 8.1 and 10 are already protected from the vulnerabilities by automatic updates.
Now read: Windows 10: The Best Hidden Features, Tips, and Tricks
Video
The moment a man smashed up a defibrillator has been captured in CCTV footage.
The man is seen punching the life-saving equipment, damaging it beyond repair, outside the offices of BBC Radio Lancashire in Blackburn.
The machine was used to resuscitate a woman within a week of it being installed in April.
Cheryl Pickstock, of the North West Ambulance Service, said was left "sickened" by the 24 June incident.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
CRICKET-CPL-LEAD Stars slump to fifth defeat as Amazon Warriors grab first win
GROS ISLET, St Lucia, Aug 14, CMC - Johnson Charle... You are unauthorized to view this page. Username Password Remember Me Reset Password
(AP Photo/Brody Schmidt, FILE). File-This Nov. 25, 2017, file photo shows Kansas corner back Hasan Defense (13) defending a pass to Oklahoma St wide receiver James Washington (28) in the Oklahoma St end zone during a NCAA college football game in Still...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey, File). File-This Nov. 25, 2017, file photo shows Memphis wide receiver Anthony Miller (3) carrying the ball head of East Carolina defensive back Devon Sutton (42) as Miller scores a touchdown in the first half of an NCAA colleg...
(AP Photo/Rick Scuteri, File). FILE - In this Sept. 22, 2017, file photo, Utah place kicker Matt Gay (97) kicks in the second half of an NCAA college football game against Arizona in Tucson, Ariz. Gay was selected to the AP All-America team announced ...
(AP Photo/Jay LaPrete). This Nov. 11, 2017, photo shows Ohio State offensive lineman Billy Price playing against Michigan State during an NCAA college football game in Columbus, Ohio. Price was selected to the AP All-America team announced Monday, Dec...
(AP Photo/Chris Knight, File). File-This Nov. 11, 2017, file photo shows Penn State's Saquon Barkley (26) hurdling Rutgers' Kiy Hester (2) during the second half of an NCAA college football game in State College, Pa. Barkley was selected to the AP All-...
By RALPH D. RUSSO
AP College Football Writer
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
___
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
- The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
- Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (center Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
- Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
- Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
- Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team.
MOVING UP
- Four of the five All-America offensive linemen made either second- or third-team last year. Brown and Price moved up from second to first. McGlinchey and Nelson went from third to first.
- Mayfield also jumped from third team to first team. They were selected to the second team in 2015.
- Dickson and Barkley also made the third team last year and moved up to first this season, though Barkley was a third-team running back last year.
MOVING DOWN
- Jackson was not the only 2016 All-American to slide this season. Washington State guard Cody O'Connell went from first team to second team. Utah punter Mitch Wishnowsky went from first to third.
CONFERENCE CALL
First-team All-Americans by conference:
Big Ten - 7
Big 12 - 6
Pac-12 - 3
SEC - 3
ACC - 2
Independent - 2
American - 1
Mountain West - 1
___
All-Americans, all three teams, by conference:
SEC - 15
ACC - 14
Big Ten - 13
Big 12 - 12
Pac-12 - 11
Mountain West - 3
American - 2
C-USA - 2
Independent - 2
MAC - 1
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Pause
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, university President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). In this May 12, 2017 photo University of Southern California, USC President C.L. Max Nikias presides at commencement ceremonies on the campus in Los Angeles. Nikias has agreed to step down amid a sex scandal involving a school...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles on Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual...
(AP Photo/Christopher Weber). University of Southern California student Daniella Mohazab, center, speaks at a news conference at the office of their attorney, Gloria Allred, left, Tuesday May 22, 2018, in Los Angeles. Mohazab, a USC student seeking a ma...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The University of Southern California has received hundreds of complaints about a former school gynecologist suspected of conducting inappropriate exams for decades, prompting the resignation of the school president and a police investigation.
More than two dozen lawsuits have been filed and police are investigating allegations from more than 50 women, so far.
Whether Dr. George Tyndall faces charges, though, depends on if complaints about creepy comments, improper photos in the exam room and uncomfortable probing went beyond dubious doctoring and into the criminal realm.
The university has come under fire since the Los Angeles Times reported earlier this month that complaints and comments about Tyndall's care went unheeded by the school for decades and that USC failed to report them to the state medical board even after the school quietly forced them into retirement last year.
Two administrators were fired and President C.L. Max Nikias agreed to step down Friday after criticism for leadership failures during a string of scandals that included reports by the Times that the university's former medical school dean used drugs with criminals and was present when a woman overdosed in a Pasadena hotel room.
Lawsuits accuse Tyndall, the school's staff gynecologist for nearly three decades, of using their authority to sexually abuse women between 1990 and 2016. The suits allege the school concealed the conduct.
Tyndall was a "serial sexual predator" who groped breasts and used their fingers to penetrate rectums and vaginas for no medically necessary purpose, attorney John Manly said in a suit filed Friday. Tyndall is also accused of taking close-up photos of genitalia and commenting on the bodies of women, their race and sexual activity.
In some instances, Tyndall is accused of conducting vaginal exams without gloves when students were only seeking birth control.
Tyndall, 71, denied wrongdoing in interviews with the Times. They didn't return phone calls or an email from The Associated Press. It wasn't known Tuesday if they have an attorney.
USC concluded in 2016 that Tyndall violated policies on harassment and making racially discriminatory and sexually inappropriate remarks, but two criminal law experts it consulted said there was no criminal activity to report, the school said.
Los Angeles police said they are looking into behavior and practices that appear to go beyond the norms of medical and gynecological exams.
"Many of them are just inappropriate comments which, obviously, do not constitute a crime," Police Capt. Billy Hayes said at a news conference Tuesday asking more women to come forward. "We could look at the issue of penetration as one of the more significant crimes."
The allegations have similarities with the case of Larry Nassar, the disgraced former sports doctor at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics now serving multiple life terms in prison. Michigan State agreed to a $500 million settlement with more than 300 of their victims.
One key difference with the high-profile case involving Olympic champions, though, is that Tyndall as a gynecologist could argue their treatments were within the scope of their medical expertise.
Internal investigations by USC got mixed reviews on Tyndall's practice of using a finger before inserting a speculum during pelvic exams. One expert said it could be considered acceptable, though another review found it outdated.
Some women who have spoken about their encounters - some of whom were on their first visits to a gynecologist - said they didn't realize their treatment was improper until they saw recent news stories.
"These women had no idea they were being sexually abused," said attorney Ron Labriola, who is working with Manly. "They said it was odd, it was weird, but that's different from (perceiving it) as a sexual assault."
That could make it challenging but not impossible for authorities to pursue charges against Tyndall, particularly given the potential number of complaints.
A jury in Casper, Wyoming, this year convicted a gynecologist who touched women in ways they said were unusual and made them feel uncomfortable. Prosecutor Mike Blonigen said there is often no physical evidence or eyewitnesses in such cases and the difference between proper care and a crime can be subtle.
"Some of the challenges are distinguishing between clumsy execution in the procedure and illegal touching. That's hard to do," Blonigen said. "The thought that my doctor is molesting me is a hard thing to process."
Dr. Paul Harnetty was sentenced to 20 to 30 years in prison on two counts of second-degree sexual assault.
Successful prosecutions almost always involve multiple women who can provide corroborating testimony, Blonigen said. In Harnetty's case, six patients testified against him, though they were cleared of several counts.
If there's a single victim, the case can devolve into a said-she said dispute, said Michele Goodwin, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine. In the medical environment, a typical defense is that it was part of an exam and there were no supporting eyewitnesses or video.
In Tyndall's case, female nurses or medical assistants known as chaperones who often accompany male gynecologists during exams, had complained about their behavior, including their use of a camera, the Times reported. Those colleagues could provide valuable testimony.
But Goodwin pointed out that chaperones can't see everything in such an intimate setting.
"A gynecological exam can include things that are very graphic," Goodwin said. "That is also what makes these types of cases so frightening for these young women ... The abuse happens to be hidden in the worst way."
If investigators can't find physical evidence of abuse, they will see if women reported incidents at the time to roommates, family members or others and whether medical records match up with when they said they were abused.
One advantage prosecutors have is they can present evidence of similar misconduct the defendant may not be charged with to show a pattern, said criminal defense attorney Robert A. Schwartz, who is not involved in the case.
Jurors were unable to convict Bill Cosby of sexual assault at their first trial when only one additional woman testified against him. Cosby was convicted at a second trial after five other women testified about prior bad acts dating to the 1980s.
"Most doctors as a defendant in a criminal case would get the benefit of the doubt," Schwartz said. "What tips the scales against the doctor and their testimony would be the sheer volume of complaints."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A wanted Milford woman was arrested Monday after police were called to a Wawa for a theft. 29-year-old Veronica Hurtt was not involved in the theft of the Wawa on North DuPont Highway, but police were able to determine that they were wanted in Kent County. They were arrested, and police found drug paraphernalia on them during a search. Hurtt was later released on $500 bond, but will have a court date later for their wanted status and criminal summons.
NEW YORK (AP) – Mario Batali is stepping down from daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three who worked for Batali. In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said the complaints match up with their past behavior.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
ABC said Monday that it has asked Batali to step away from the show, “The Chew” while the allegations are investigated.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Armenian officials lay flowers at the monument to the victims of mass killings by Ottoman Turks, to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the genocide in Yerevan, Armenia, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Tigran Mehrabyan, PAN Photo via AP)
Gov. Rick Scott said Monday the Florida Department of Transportation will suspend all remaining federal payments — about $5.5 million — for work on the collapsed pedestrian bridge at Florida International University.
The collapse, which killed six when the bridge crashed onto traffic passing underneath, happened just days after the span had been installed over Southwest Eighth Street in Miami.
“Before another dollar is spent on this bridge, we must know exactly what happened,” Scott said in a statement. “FDOT is working hand-in-hand with the NTSB [National Transportation Safety Board] in its investigation and until this is completed, all taxpayer dollars will be withheld.”
Of the bridge's nearly $16.6 million price tag, more than $13.6 million was supposed to come from federal funding, which passes through FDOT to FIU, officials said. Only $57,000 of the bridge's cost — already spent — came from state funding, and the project called for another $2.9 million from local funds. The governor's order does not apply to the local funds.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The Department of Financial Services said $8.1 million in federal and state funds had been paid since the project began.
At least $5.46 million had been paid to Munilla Construction Management, which was building the bridge, by early February, according to project meeting minutes released by the city of Sweetwater.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 112 Sweetwater PD holds moment of silence victims of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapse Pause 59 Students honor bridge victims with moment of silence on Monday 66 FIU honors bridge victims with moment of silence 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Officials have opened up 8th Street (along 109th Ave.) to pedestrian traffic, just yards away from the FIU bridge collapse site. The street is still closed to drivers. Monique O. MadanMiami Herald Staff
FDOT, which is led by an appointee of Scott's, and the university have feuded publicly after the state agency moved quickly to distance itself from the project, even though documents show the agency helped approve the design-build team, attended regular team meetings, consulted on construction details and even attended a meeting on the bridge's progress hours before it collapsed.
FDOT issued a statement shortly after the tragedy saying the bridge was a local project and that FDOT was responsible only for traffic-control permits, serving as a “pass-through” for funding and authorizing the use of the space above the state road where the bridge was installed.
“It's not an FDOT project. It's an FIU project,” Scott said that evening at a press conference. “There will clearly be an investigation to find out exactly what happened, and why this happened. We will hold anybody accountable if anybody has done anything wrong.”
The following night, the agency also issued a statement saying it had no idea that “stress tests” were being conducted — which might have required permits for closing the road — and that an engineer for FIGG, the contractor that engineered and designed the span, had discovered cracks in the northern part of the bridge and left a voicemail with FDOT reporting it. The agency participated in a meeting with FIU that Thursday, though it did not say if the cracks were discussed, and that the engineer's voicemail — which said there were no safety issues — was not heard until after the collapse.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 112 Sweetwater PD holds moment of silence victims of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapse Pause 59 Students honor bridge victims with moment of silence on Monday 66 FIU honors bridge victims with moment of silence 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Juan Andres Diez and Zachary Lendzian, both students at Florida International University, returned to school Monday and honored the victims from the bridge collapse with a moment of silence near the school's Graham Center. Monique O. Madan; Edited by Matias J. OcnerMiami Herald Staff
Over the weekend, FIU said the cracks were the subject of the two-hour Thursday meeting with FDOT, in which a FIGG engineer “concluded that there were no safety concerns and the crack did not compromise the structural integrity of the bridge,” according to a statement. FDOT then responded by saying its consultant who attended was acting in an administrative capacity only to ensure that the project was on time and still qualified for federal funds.
FIU President Mark Rosenberg defended the university's actions Monday in a letter to the “university community,” saying: “We are confident that FIU followed all proper procedures and protocols.”
The university resumed classes Monday, though the road where the bridge collapsed remains closed until further notice.
Miami Herald reporter Douglas Hanks contributed to this report.
Lebanese-American comedian Nemr is front-and-center in “No Bombing in Beirut,” airing on Showtime, and will perform at the Gramercy Theatre (East 23rd Street) April 28.
Here are a few things they want you to know about him:
Barry Jackson brings you the latest news and nuggets from the South Florida sports world
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Website Growth, a marketing Beverly Hills agency, is now helping businesses grow in the Beverly Hills and West Hollywood areas. This marketing agency can increase website traffic and engagement by utilizing their team of trained professionals to provide exceptional search engine optimization services. For personal inquiries, be sure to visit them over at 269 S. Beverly Dr. Suite 456, Beverly Hills, CA 90212 or call them at (310) 235-1011. Make the effort to boost your business today!
Website Growth's team holds years of SEO experience, making marketing Beverly Hills easier than ever before. Your brand's web pages could achieve top search rankings with the help of Website Growth. Press release creation, website analysis, and social media marketing techniques boost the overall traffic of your online brand. When marketing Beverly Hills, identifying the proper metrics and utilizing the right tools are crucial in improving your website's visibility. This is where Website Growth comes in to help achieve your goals.
The top-rated marketing Beverly Hills agency, Website Growth, optimizes local searches to keep your brand in view of people relevant to your area. Their goal is to entice consumer interest for your brand in hopes of increasing online presence and potential revenue. Optimizing and branding your online profiles is key when marketing Beverly Hills. Without the techniques and strategies that are implemented by Website Growth, businesses have a harder time increasing their brand awareness.
Clients considering marketing Beverly Hills should know Website Growth's strategies utilize the channels that best suit your marketing needs. They provide pay-per-click and link-building services to create organic engagement or utilize sponsored listings to boost your online presence. The marketing Beverly Hills agency is your top choice in SEO for your brand.
About Website Growth
Marketing Beverly Hills agency, Website Growth is best equipped to improve online performance of all their clients' digital assets. Utilizing their SEO services can provide your brand with the extra boost it needs to improve visibility. To inquire about Website Growth's services for your business, visit http://www.websitegrowth.com, or visit the staff at 269 S. Beverly Dr. Suite 456, Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (310-235-1011).
About Website Growth, Inc.
Volunteers are needed to help with a trash pickup along LA 55 near the Joyce Wildlife Management Area on March 24.
The event will begin at the public boat launch in Manchac at 8 a.m. The Manchac Greenway Committee, which is hosting the event will provide drinks for volunteers and Entergy will provide lunch.
If interested in participating or for more information, contact Frank Neelis at 225-223-2222 or bucktree@bellsouth.net or Ben Taylor at 985-974-1810 or maurepas@charter.net.
Joyce WMA is located five miles south of Hammond in Tangipahoa and Livingston parishes. For more information on Joyce WMA, go to http://www.wlf.louisiana.gov/wma/2774.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Kyle Larson celebrates winning Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series auto race – the Pure Michigan 400 – at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Mich. Paul Sancya AP
HALIFAX — A Nova Scotia judge has allowed a Halifax-area father unsupervised parenting time with their child, despite a mother's objections over their “unorthodox beliefs” on white pride and other racial matters.
In their decision, Justice Carole Beaton of the provincial supreme court's Family Division says it's in the six-year-old's best interest to have contact with the father.
But they say the father is not to engage in discussions in the child's presence that would expose their controversial political, historical and world views.
Beaton says that father clarified on cross-examination that they are not a white supremacist but rather an Asian supremacist with unorthodox views on “white European pride.”
The judge found the mother's concerns about the father's world views and their criminal past were only raised after the breakdown of their relationship.
They say many parents with criminal records and unconventional views enjoy time with their children, and to sever the relationship between the father and the child would confuse the six-year-old.
Successfully implementing a new manufacturing system requires more than a ‘once-and-done' approach.
Cleveland, Ohio (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
Once you install your system, long-term benefits come from continuously assessing its effects and adjusting to optimize operations.
This post describes how a modern ERP system enables continuous improvement practices within modern manufacturing organizations.
Implement the Ideal System
When you implement a manufacturing system, you must do it in a way that weaves seamlessly into how your company operates. That said, the ideal system shares one critical characteristic across all manufacturers: it allows everyone in the company to use the same system and access the same data in real time.
We've found this to be the only way our clients can achieve true company-wide collaboration. The existence of a single, unified manufacturing system enables them to drive collaboration that far exceeds just sharing data. They can:
• Establish effective cross-functional workflows
• Gain knowledge regarding what other departments do, how they do it, and why they do it
• Use a holistic view to get insights into how individual roles/responsibilities fit into the overall manufacturing system and processes
When employees recognize how their actions affect the overall good of the company, they begin to take a more strategic view of their jobs, which sets the stage for continuous improvement in manufacturing.
Assess and Adjust Operations
Once a unified manufacturing system, like SAP Business One, is in place, you'll find it easier to assess what's working – and what's not working – and make the appropriate adjustments. For most companies, 90% of process flows are free of problems; it's the 10% with exceptions that create a substantial drag on the business.
Consider that changing an order was traditionally able to “throw off” a tightly managed production schedule during peak times. It could impact multiple products as well as their associated parts inventory and shipping times. Having a unified manufacturing system that allows everyone to share data, workflows, and priorities, however, makes managing exceptions easier.
After gaining experience with managing exceptions in the new manufacturing system, companies are ready to institute continuous improvement processes. These normally involve doing three things well:
• Understanding the dynamics of a process. As people follow workflows and processes that span the company, they gain an understanding of the entirety of each process.
• Assessing for process improvement. Manufacturers bring together managers from different departments to assess the dynamics of critical processes. This helps them identify stress points and prioritize process modifications to relieve them.
• Measuring the profitability of individual products and product families.
By seeing how different products and product families affect manufacturing processes, companies can pinpoint profitability levers within operations or modify product offerings entirely.
In the end, implementing a unified manufacturing system helps manufacturers optimize manufacturing processes and operations and works toward delivering the optimal product mix. There's no ‘end game' to manufacturing process improvement – it's a continuous process based on sharing data, assessing what works, and adjusting to maximize profits.
To understand how your company can continuously improve your manufacturing operations with a solution like SAP Business One, contact LBSi for a free consultation.
About Long Business Systems, Inc.
You want a partner that will help you apply technology to solve the challenges that today's fast-paced global marketplace has created. We understand and have personal experience with the diverse demands that manufacturers, distributors and service organizations face.
Our clients keep pace with large global companies by applying affordable technology to streamline operations, act on timely information, and accelerate profitable growth. Let us help you intelligently apply technology to your business challenges.
LBSi has been helping clients with technology and business process improvement since 1989.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack in which the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters. The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross” and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
“We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories,” the statement said.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified and 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, eight kilometers (five miles) to the southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THE State Government has taken the first steps towards ensuring Queensland's kids have the swim skills to keep them safe - but is still falling short of other states and experts say much more needs to be done.
Premier Annastacia Palasczuk yesterday announced an audit of school swimming and measures to help low-income families get their youngsters into swim schools.
But they have so far stopped short of ensuring lessons for every student as demanded by the S.O.S. campaign launched by The Courier-Mail and its sister papers across the state.
Experts, including legend Laurie Lawrence, swimming instructors and the Royal Lifesaving Society Australia say compulsory, certified and benchmarked lessons are essential to ensure children have the level of skill necessary.
Ms Palaszczuk announced a voucher scheme for parents to get their kids into swim schools, and a public information campaign fronted by Olympian Mitch Larkin will be pitched at reminding adults to keep children safe. Education Minister Grace Grace will investigate how to make swimming instruction available to students at the 38 schools that currently offer no classes.
"The welfare and safety of Queensland children at school, home and play is important to all of us," Ms Palaszczuk said in a statement yesterday. "Swimming is a life skill every child should have and every parent and guardian should insist upon."
The national water safety body welcomed the moves as a sensible start for waterproofing our kids, but swim coaches say the measures stop far short of what schoolkids need.
Mr Lawrence said the Government had to get real about offering compulsory and benchmarked swimming and water safety lessons in schools.
They said until Queensland adopted a model like Tasmania, where every primary schoolchild received free school lessons until they could show they could swim 50m and were safe in the water, Sunshine State children would be at risk.
"Kids can't swim 50m and it's a disgrace," Mr Lawrence said.
Campbell sisters back swimming campaign: “Swimming should definitely be taught at all schools in Queensland.”
Leading Queensland coaches say existing school programs are extremely basic, many only offering 30 to 40-minute sessions each week for six to eight weeks - well short of producing a safe swimmer.
Olympic silver medallist, coach and instructor Greg Fasala said they had seen teacher-run sessions where a lone teacher was trying to work with 20 to 25 children.
They said an effective ratio was one instructor to five or six students and this had to be one-on-one if the child was scared and needed extra help.
"The school programs in the main are a starting point,'' they said. "They might total four or five hours of time in the water.''
Mr Fasala works with another top coach, Paul Sansby, at Waterworx Aquatic and Fitness Centre at Springfield. Both have been head coaches at leading schools.
They contacted The Courier-Mail with regard to the S.O.S. campaign and said they and Mr Sansby had been in swimming for a collective 80 years.
They said the key to success for a comprehensive program in schools was more time in the water than currently offered, and consistency.
Mr Fasala said to get a child to a level where they were competent would require a minimum of 16-20 hours of swimming and two half-hour lessons a week would be preferable. Mr Fasala said they were seeing primary-age children who were not competent in the water.
Royal Lifesaving Society Australia national president Justin Scarr welcomed the government moves as a sensible start. They said Queensland boasted more schools with pools than other states, and should exploit that.
In 2016-17, 19 children drowned in Queensland - 14 of them aged under five years. Seven children drowned in swimming pools, five in bath tubs, three in lakes and dams, two in objects containing water and one each at the beach and one in a river or creek, Ms Palaszczuk said.
More than 150 Queensland state schools have pools on site and state schools have access to Learn to Swim grants to enable access to other public and private swim facilities.
The Department of Education said 96 per cent of more than 1000 state schools have reported offering a Lean to Swim program.
Video
International Development Secretary Penny Mordaunt uses sign language in Parliament as they announce a global disability conference will take place in London later this month.
The historic moment, believed to be the first time a cabinet minister has used sign language on the front bench, was applauded by MPs.
Bitcoin supporters ask state for more time to weigh new rules Bitcoin backers want Benjamin Lawsky to slow down when it comes to regulating the controversial digital currency. The Bitcoin Foundation on Wednesday sent a letter to Lawsky, New York's top...
Underage sex claims rock Bitcoin group As the most prominent trade group pushing adoption of the electronic currency Bitcoin begins its annual conference on Friday, it is being roiled by controversy. At least 10 members of...
16:23 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Air-defense drill in the center of the country tomorrow The Air Force will conduct an air defense exercise tomorrow (Tuesday). During the exercise, a number of launches will be carried out from an Israel Defense Forces base in central Israel, during which explosions will be heard.
The IDF Spokesman emphasizes that the exercise was planned in advance as part of the training drill for 2017 and is intended to maintain the readiness and readiness of the forces. ► ◄ Last Briefs
THOUSANDS of people lined up along the riverfront this Sunday night for the fireworks grand finale, with a special tribute to the late rockstar Dolores O'Riordan to mark the end of the St Patrick's Festival in Limerick.
Omg hands down the best fireworks display I have ever seen #LimerickStPatsFestival #HappySaintPatricksDay #Limerick pic.twitter.com/SSLUHydVnu — Aoibheann O Sullivan (@Aoibheann_os) March 18, 2018
What a spectacular end to #LimerickStPatsFestival 2018 pic.twitter.com/dUR78PLZvI — Limerick Council (@LimerickCouncil) March 18, 2018
To kick off the show, there were dramatic illuminations projected against the walls of King John's Castle as spectators watched from their vantage points at Thomond Bridge, Sarsfield Bridge, Clancy Strand and O'Callaghan Strand.
Then the first flare of fireworks rocketed into the sky in a fast trajectory, before a kaleidoscopic explosion prompted cheers from the audience.
Fireworks in Limerick Pic brendan gleeson pic.twitter.com/PyFfL47sJH — BRENDAN GLEESON (@brendangleeso11) March 18, 2018
To mark the end of the show, The Cranberries' Zombie was blasted out, as a tribute to the late Dolores O'Riordan who died suddenly on January 15.
The fireworks display, which cost in the region of €40,000, was scheduled for the weekend after flood risks on New Year's Eve forced Limerick City and County Council to postpone the show.
This is my favourite picture I took tonight of #LimerickStPatsFestival fireworks. #Limerick truly looked incredible. What a setting to such a fantastic display. Well done @LimerickCouncil #limerickandproud pic.twitter.com/PKYlkW8LbK — Cllr Daniel Butler (@DanielButlerFG) March 18, 2018
What an amazing fireworks display tonight by Limerick City & County council @LimerickCouncil pic.twitter.com/KHBhtYm9vE — Aidan Ryan (@aidanpryan) March 19, 2018
And it appeared the wait was worth its while, as social media was certainly on fire during the showcase.
Panthers Ron Rivera on the play of the cornerbacks
Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera was pleased with the play of cornerbacks Daryl Worley and James Bradberry on on Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 against the Minnesota Vikings. Both players had interceptions or Vikings quarterback Case Keenum.
FILE - In this Sept. 30, 2016, file photo, a marijuana harvester examines buds going through a trimming machine near Corvallis, Ore. Three years after Oregon lawmakers created the state's new legal marijuana program, marijuana prices in the state are in free fall and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before legalization are losing their businesses to emerging chains and out-of-state investors. Andrew Selsky, File AP Photo
Assets falsification: Buhari's Adviser expresses shocks at Saraki's victory at CCT
The Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC), Prof. Itse Sagay (SAN), has expressed shocks at the acquittal of Senate President, Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT). Sagay told newsmen on Wednesday that they followed the case closely and was convinced that the prosecution presented sufficient evidence to secure […]
Assets falsification: Buhari's Adviser expresses shocks at Saraki's victory at CCT
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
U.S. Senate Race Preview with Steve Flowers
by Ellis Eskew
As the primary election gets closer, it's time to see who has the strongest support at the polls to fill Jeff Sessions' U.S. Senate seat.
“A lot of people are unaware of this,” said political analyst Steve Flowers. “Roy Moore has lead this race the entire time. There was a lot of bad feeling and wanting to right a wrong about them being moved from the court. They have a very strong following. They have a 30 percent hardcore support that was there from the beginning, the middle and at the very end.”
While Roy Moore may have a strong support base, Flowers says there is another candidate emerging that may bring a lot of voters as well.
“I have sensed over the weekend that the fourth candidate, Trip Pittman from Mobile and Baldwin County, picked up some momentum. Some of the ‘undecideds' have fallen under him. So the question is how many votes does Pittman get? I think Pittman will probably carry their home region,” said Flowers.
Luther Strange picked up the President's endorsement over the past few days.
Flowers says it may give them a little more of a boost among Trump supporters.
“What you had is you had a race between Mo Brooks and Luther Strange to see who could cozy up to Trump the most because they have 4 million dollars of Super PAC money out of Washington and Mo Brooks had very little money, and they have been able to say that. But the coup de grace was the endorsement by Trump to say that they were in for Strange and that clarifies the Trump people who they can be for,” said Flowers.
Image copyright Getty Images
For travellers looking forward to their summer holidays, what to pack can be a source of stress. But did you know that taking an e-cigarette with you to countries such Thailand could land you with a fine - or even time in jail?
Countries including the Seychelles, Brazil and Argentina have also banned the sale of e-cigarettes, but spending on them globally is going up.
These charts tell the story of a growing industry - but how many people vape, how much is being spent on e-cigarettes and why do people buy them?
1. Vaping is increasingly popular
According to the latest statistics from the World Health Organization, there has been a small but steady decrease in the estimated number of smokers globally since 2000 - from 1.14 billion then to about 1.1 billion now.
But it's a different matter when it comes to vaping.
The number of vapers has been increasing rapidly - from about seven million in 2011 to 35 million in 2016.
Market research group Euromonitor estimates that the number of adults who vape will reach almost 55 million by 2021.
2. Spending on e-cigarettes is growing
The e-cigarette market is expanding, as the number of vapers rises.
The global vapour products market is now estimated to be worth $22.6bn (£17.1bn) - up from $4.2bn just five years ago.
The United States, Japan and the UK are the biggest markets. Vapers in the three countries spent a combined $16.3bn on smokeless tobacco and vaping products in 2016.
European countries such as Sweden, Italy, Norway and Germany also feature in the top 10.
3. Open-system e-cigarettes are the most popular
There are two main types of e-cigarette - open and closed system, also known as open and closed tank.
In an open system, the liquid that is vapourised can be refilled manually by the user. There is also a removable mouthpiece.
Closed system e-cigarettes use ready-made refills, which screw directly on to the e-cigarette's battery.
Since 2011, the gap in spending between them has been gradually widening.
Image copyright Getty Images
It is reckoned that this year, vapers will spend an estimated $8.9bn on open system e-cigarettes, also known as vape pens - more than double the spend on closed-system products.
4. Most e-cigarettes are purchased in-store
Most e-cigarette users buy their devices in specialist shops, according to a report published by Ernst & Young.
In 2015, 35% of e-cigarette users surveyed across the UK, France, Germany, Poland, Italy, Russia and South Korea bought their devices in e-cigarette shops.
Of the 3,000 users surveyed by Kantar for Ernst & Young, 21% said they had purchased their devices online.
It's thought that consumers might make their first e-cigarette purchase in person, to build familiarity with a relatively new product, or to seek advice on which type of device might suit them best.
In the UK, Europe's largest e-cigarette market, there are an estimated 2,000 vaping outlets.
5. Why do people vape?
Across the countries surveyed for Ernst & Young, the most common reason for using an e-cigarette was that they are "less harmful than regular cigarettes".
About 49% of regular users said that they used e-cigarettes in order to curb their smoking habit.
Public Health England's latest report on vaping highlighted evidence that e-cigarettes are less harmful than regular cigarettes, and that there was no evidence so far to suggest that e-cigarettes might encourage young people to take up smoking.
The agency has also recommended that e-cigarettes should be available on prescription, because of their role in helping people give up smoking.
However, the World Health Organization has cited several health concerns associated with vaping, pointing out that:
NEW YORK — Graduate teaching and research assistants at Columbia University have walked off the job to try to pressure the university to recognize their decision to unionize.
The graduate students set up a picket line outside the main campus administration building Tuesday. They say their strike will last one week.
Teaching and research assistants at Columbia voted overwhelmingly in 2016 for representation by the United Auto Workers. The university said in January that it would not bargain with the graduate students.
Provost John Coatsworth said the university would instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining.
Columbia administrators did not immediately comment on the strike.
The last day of classes at Columbia is April 30. Finals start May 4.
Autism Speaks & Hope by KDO Benefit from Miss Dream Castle Pageant
YONKERS – Nineteen-year-old Nigerian, a high school senior and aspiring model, was crowned Miss Dream Castle 2018 at the grand coronation held recently at the Royal Regency Hotel in Yonkers, New York.
They beat out a talented field of nine contestants to take the crown, and a host of other prizes including US$1,500 cash, an all-expense paid 7-day/6-night trip for two at Dream Castle Villa in Montego Bay, two designer evening gowns, US$500 gift card from Macy's, a one-year gym membership, a BEATS headphone, a basket of hair care products, and a package courtesy of Bath & Body Works.
Before a fair-sized crowd, Abodunrin who has plans of becoming a registered nurse beat out a diverse field of contestants edging out the 24-year old Jamaican Shanice Blake, who was adjudged first runner.
Miss Dream Castle 2018 Runner Ups
Rounding out the winners were 17-year old St. Lucian Makeisha Anthony, second runner-up, and Lehman College graduate and Bronx native Shekoya Gordon, third runner-up.
The contestants were judged in five areas: smile, swimwear, talent, evening gown and Q & A.
A special feature of the evening was the presentation of checks to two charitable organizations Hope by KDO, valued at US$2,500 and Autism Speaks, valued at US$1,000.
On hand to accept the check for Hope by KDO was Korey Rowe, one of Jamaica's top models, while Pageant Founder Gwendolyn Nicks-James' son Eric Johnson accepted the check on behalf of Autism Speaks.
Shekoya Gordon of Bronx, NY took home the sectional prize for Miss Congeniality while St. Lucian Makeisha Anthony won the prize for Most Tickets Sold.
Miss Dream Castle 2018 Entertainment
Entertainment for the evening was provided by reggae group L.U.S.T. and legendary American rap/R&B group Force MDs, who serenaded the contestants. Steel pan soloist Kendall Williams also entertained patrons throughout the evening, which was co-hosted by Tony Cobb of WVIP 93.5 FM and Barry G of Mellow FM in Jamaica.
The Miss Dream Castle Pageant, which is open to women age 16-25, is the brainchild of Gwendolyn Nicks-James, owner of Dream Castle Villa in Montego Bay. This year's event was co-produced by Glenroy March, Chief Creative Director of House of D'Marsh.
Miss Dream Castle 2018 Sponsors
Sponsors of this year's pageant included Bath & Body Works, Ballet Arts, Banners Plus, Chi-Lites, Dream Castle Villa, Dream Castle Restaurant & Lounge, D'Marsh Couture, e.l.f. Cosmetics, Fresh Look Beauty Supplies, Lord & Taylor, Loria, Macy's, Pure Frame Media, Royal Regency Hotel, Snow Fresh Foods, Spectrum, Verizon, and Your Bodyguard 24/7.
Floyd Mayweather has denied claims they have agreed to fight UFC champion Conor McGregor and challenged the Dubliner to make the fight happen "if they really wants it".
Five-weight boxing world champion Mayweather, who has previously stated they would only return to the ring to fight the Crumlin native, said they were "happily retired" in social media posts denying any deal had been made and then responded to a tweet from McGregor by saying that they should "take care of your business with the UFC and then have your people get in touch with my people"
MMA star McGregor has obtained a boxing license as part of their pursuit of a cross-sport showdown with Mayweather, who holds a 49-0 record and has not fought since September 2015.
Amid claims a bout had been agreed between the two camps, Mayweather wrote: "There seems to be several rumours floating around media recently however, let the record show, there hasn't been any deals made in regards to a fight between myself and any other fighters.
"I am happily retired and enjoying life at this time. If any changes are to come, be sure that I will be the first to let the world know."
They later added: ""Listen, Conor McGregor, if you really want to get this fight done…take care of your business with the UFC and then have your people get in touch with my people."
McGregor became UFC's first simultaneous two-weight champion in November when beating Eddie Alvarez for the lightweight belt in New York. They have since vacated their featherweight belt after not fighting at that weight for over a year.
Joey Votto heaves foul ball into stands (Video)
Something got into Joey Votton on Monday night.
The Cincinnati Reds first baseman had a funny display during their team's game against the Chicago Cubs. Votto fielded a foul ball and instead of giving the ball to a fan or umpire like most players do, they decided to launch the ball into the stands:
Joey: Let's find a Reds fan to give this to.
Inner Joey: THROW IT OUT OF THE STADIUM pic.twitter.com/HUnDw7owHI — Cincinnati Reds (@Reds) August 15, 2017
What was that all about? We're trying to figure out what was more bizarre: Votto's heave, or Joe Maddon playing four people in the outfield to defend against Votto:
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
OMNISPORT
Marseille's hopes of European qualification have suffered a blow with the news captain Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for up to six weeks through injury.
Gomis was injured in a 50-50 challenge with Nantes' Diego Carlos in Sunday's 3-2 defeat at the Stade de la Beaujoire, a game in which the on-loan Swansea City striker scored twice before limping off after 66 minutes.
A club statement on Tuesday revealed the extent of the damage.
It read: "The results confirmed the diagnosis made by the medical team at the Beaujoire at the time, namely a sprain of the internal lateral ligament.
"The Olympique captain will be unavailable for a period of four to six weeks."
Former Saint-Etienne and Lyon forward Gomis has been in impressive form since returning to France in July, scoring 17 goals in 27 appearances for Marseille in all competitions this season.
Their efforts have helped Rudi Garcia's men climb to sixth in the Ligue 1 table, four points behind Lyon, who occupy the Europa League qualification spot.
Michael Schumacher's condition a mystery, four years after accident As Formula One drivers prepare for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix next weekend, Michael Schumacher continues a very different fight far away. There remains huge respect for the seven-time F1...
Racing legend gets attacked by swarm of killer bees again Four-time Indianapolis 500 winner A.J. Foyt is legendary for their victories over fellow racers, but they remain undefeated against nature as well. While working on their Texas ranch Wednesday, the...
Grid girls 'disgusted' at Formula 1's PC banishment of them The Formula 1 brass wants the 2018 World Championship season to be focused on the sport, not the female entertainment off the track. “While the practice of employing grid girls...
Danica Patrick's ex will talk everything but Aaron Rodgers Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won't be shifting gears with their race-day strategy, following their sudden split from Danica Patrick. The 30-year-old driver, who split with Patrick, 35, last fall after five...
'Dancing with the Stars'-winning race car driver selling Florida mansion Brazilian race car driver and “Dancing with the Stars” winner Hélio Castroneves is listing their Fort Lauderdale, Fla., home for $2.89 million. Castroneves, a three-time winner of the Indianapolis 500,...
This street-legal car is smashing world records for speed A Swedish hypercar has set a world record for the fastest ever road-legal car after averaging a staggering 278 miles per hour. The Koenigsegg Agera RS set the landmark speed...
Second victim identified in plane crash that killed race-car champ NORTH BRANFORD, Conn. — Authorities have identified the second person killed in a Connecticut plane crash that claimed the life of NASCAR modified champion racer Ted Christopher. Police said Sunday...
Car of cursed Indy 500 driver shattered to pieces in terrifying crash INDIANAPOLIS — Pole sitter Scott Dixon was knocked out of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday by a terrifying crash that saw their car fly over the car of Jay Howard...
IndyCar drivers victims in Taco Bell mugging They couldn't race away from this problem. Indianapolis 500 driver Scott Dixon and retired racer Dario Franchitti were mugged at gunpoint at a downtown Taco Bell drive-thru Sunday night, according...
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:31 Fire damages uptown condos under construction
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
As a dietitian, it's my job to make eating well easy and accessible for people. And as a busy working parent, I need fast, nutritious solutions myself! The beloved grocery store Trader Joe's does this so well, so I decided reach out to nutrition pros across the country who shared with NBC News BETTER their favorite Trader Joe's shopping secrets. Take a peek into our kitchens and prepare yourself for quick and healthy eating ideas.
Organic Riced Cauliflower (frozen)
I've never been much of a “sneak veggies into meals” type of mom, but lately I've been pulling the wool over my 14 year-old son's eyes with this frozen gem. Truthfully, they do well on the veggie front, but they draw the line on shredded carrots in their turkey tacos. (The peas didn't go over so well, either.) But the riced cauliflower blends right in to tacos, brown rice dishes, and more. And because it's frozen, it's readily available whenever I want to add more vitamins, minerals and fiber to our meals. It's also great as a stand in for rice altogether, though Rachel Meltzer Warren, MS, RDN, Jersey City, NJ-based registered dietitian nutritionist and author of "A Teen's Guide to Gut Health" suggests a 50/50 blend of frozen brown rice (see below) and the frozen riced cauliflower, adding “the mix of cauliflower and rice makes it a bit heartier and more meal-like than a straight cauliflower rice, which I find to be tasty but not very filling.”
Organic Brown Rice (frozen)
Marie Spano, RD, sports nutritionist for the Atlanta Braves, Hawks and Falcons goes for this brown rice, as do I. I love saving time in the kitchen (like everyone else!), and I particularly love shortcuts that don't compromise on taste or great nutrition. Spano puts it this way: “This brown rice takes three minutes in the microwave and is the only brown rice I eat. The taste and texture is much better than any long-cooking brown rice. It stands out in this category.”
Frozen Carrot Spirals
In my opinion, spiralized veggies are an awesome trend! Fun and clever ways to eat more veggies is something I can definitely get behind. Granted, the texture isn't a perfect match for pasta, which is why Rachel Paul, MS, RD, PhD candidate at Columbia University who's behind the popular Instagram account @collegenutritionist is a fan of this product. “It's hard to find veggie ‘noodles' that can really replace regular pasta, but I've found these come the closest! Carrot noodles are pretty hearty, and getting them frozen and pre-zoodled makes it easy to get in your veggies throughout the week,” they say.
Try them in one of these ramen recipes.
Shaved Brussel Sprouts
New York City-based Registered Dietitian, Natalie Rizzo, MS, RD leans on this convenient item to simplify things in the kitchen. “Because it takes a lot of time and energy to shave the Brussels, I prefer to buy them pre-cut and throw them into everything from salads to stir fries to roasted veggie dishes,” they say. Buying pre-prepped veggies pays off because it means you'll eat veggies more often, thereby giving you a nutritional advantage. In this case, a one-cup serving has more than a day's worth of vitamin C and helps you get some much-needed fiber.
Steamed Lentils
These ready-to-eat lentils (sold in the produce section) are another exceptional Trader Joe's find. Cynthia Sass, MPH, RD, author of "Slim Down Now: Shed Pounds and Inches With Pulses - The New Superfood" says, “I pop them in my fridge for a fast go-to plant protein to add to salads, or to mix with a handful of greens as a fiber-rich bed for organic eggs or wild salmon. One half cup provides 8 grams of fiber and 9 grams of protein,” they say. The simple ingredients also win them over. Another bonus: “Lentils are a member of the pulse family, which have been linked to numerous health benefits, including weight loss, protection against type 2 diabetes, heart disease, certain cancers and a higher overall nutrient intake.”
Gluten Free Cheese Pizza with a Cauliflower Crust
News flash: Dietitians love pizza, too! Spano turns to this version, which has more veggies thanks to the cauliflower crust (which also contains chickpea flour). Sure, you could pulse your own cauliflower and make a homemade crust, but why bother on busy nights? Spano suggests this frozen pizza, instead. “Cauliflower crust plus tomato sauce plus cheese equals a nutritious meal option that tastes great and is ready in 10 minutes!” they say.
Channa Masala
Healthy frozen entrees are a great backup plan when life gets in the way of cooking or preparing wholesome meals. Like a good friend, they're there for you when you need them. Amy Gorin, MS, RDN, owner of Amy Gorin Nutrition in the New York City area, likes this vegetarian offering. “With chickpeas as its base, it offers satiating protein and fiber to help keep me fuller for longer.” Gorin likes their dish with quick-cook brown rice, and they also add in some diced tomatoes. Adding fresh veggies to frozen entrees is another good idea. You'll get more flavor, freshness and some extra nutrition in your meal.
Mixed Nut Butter
This is another nutritionist crowd-pleaser. Gisela Bouvier, RDN, LDN considers it “heaven on earth.” The blend — a mix of almonds, cashews, walnuts, Brazil nuts, hazelnuts and pecans — has a touch of sea salt and no added sweeteners, according to another fan, Alissa Rumsey MS, RD, CSCS, a New York City-based dietitian and the founder of Alissa Rumsey Nutrition and Wellness. “It can be eaten with almost anything,” says Bouvier, though they prefer theirs spread over toast. In addition to toast, Rumsey pairs the delicious blend with apples and bananas, and drizzles it over oatmeal. With great flavor and healthy, plant-based fats, it's a satisfying spread to stock at home.
Everything but the Bagel Seasoning
My relationship with this blend of white and black sesame seeds, sea salt, dried garlic and onions and poppy seeds can be summed up in one word: Obsessed! This seasoning popped up on several dietitians' lists. Whether on top of eggs or avocado toast, as a seasoning for chicken, roasted potatoes or a hummus topping, it makes everything better. And while I like a good bagel every now and then, I mostly keep things light by sprinkling this seasoning on top of a flatbread whole grain cracker with a schmear of cream cheese and a slice of lox. It matches the flavor and satisfaction of a bagel without the extra carbs and calories.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
TIRANA, Albania — An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 struck off western Albania Wednesday, authorities said. No injuries or damage were reported.
The Institute of GeoSciences, Energy, Water and Environment reported that the quake occurred at 0901 GMT (1101 local time) around 18 kilometres (11 miles) underground near Lalesi Bay, a spot frequented by tourists some 30 kilometres (18 miles) west of the capital, Tirana.
It was followed minutes later by a series of weaker quakes, with the strongest measuring 4.3 magnitude, according to the Institute.
The tremor was strongly felt in Tirana, and some people left buildings and went out in the streets fearing further quakes.
Emergency officials told The Associated Press no one was injured. Officials were checking for possibly cracked buildings.
Tirana Mayor Erion Veliaj called on people not to panic but to avoid buildings “until authorities clarify the circumstances.”
Albania is part of an earthquake-prone area, registering quakes every few days, though most are not felt.
It's the 11th hour and you're slowly, but surely getting those 2016 taxes done. As you enter those W-2s and W-9s into your favorite tax prep software, you see it out of the corner of your eye: Your once destined-for-vacation refund is now squarely in the dreaded "taxes due" column. Suddenly, with just hours to spare, you find yourself scrambling to come up with hundreds or thousands of dollars you weren't quite prepared to pay.
“ If you need to use a credit card or take out a loan to pay your taxes, compare the fees and look at the real numbers of what it's going to cost you.”
If you're knee-deep in tax-related turmoil, take a deep breath and resist the urge to panic. There are ways to make the best of a bad situation. "Problems don't get better if you ignore them," says Jean Chatzky, NBC News' financial editor. Chatzky sat down with NBC News BETTER on the night before Tax Day to share six of their best tips for dealing with a surprise tax bill.
AOL Instant Messenger, the trailblazing chat program beloved by 90s kids and people relieved they would no longer have to get up and talk to their co-workers in person, is officially heading into retirement, the company announced Friday.
The famous yellow running man logo is saying "TTYL" and sprinting to the technology retirement community effective December 15, where it will join the likes of fellow 1990s favorites GeoCities and Ask Jeeves.
An AOL Inc. Instant Messenger inflatable logo sits in the company's headquarters in New York in 2011. Bloomberg via Getty Images
Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath, the newly formed brand encompassing Yahoo, AOL, and a portfolio of other Verizon-owned companies, praised AIM for creating a "cultural shift" but said in 2017, "the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed."
"We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world," Albers said Friday.
Related: Yahoo, AOL Joining Forces Under a New Company Called Oath
AIM was first introduced to the world in 1997 as a stand-alone download, and it quickly became a massive success, helping many 90s kids navigate the world of middle school and high school.
In many ways, it was a precursor to the social media world we know today. AIM could be used to catch up with friends, arrange group chats, and those all-important status messages served as a window into what a person was thinking, much like a tweet or a Facebook status update.
However, adoption changed as text messaging took over and newer, more mobile-friendly products came onto the market, including Google's GChat and Facebook's Messenger.
While chances are you haven't used AIM in a decade, spare a thought on this Friday for your first screen name, buddy list, and these all-too-familiar sounds.
Civil Counterpoints: A Campus Conversation Series aims to stimulate thoughtful and respectful dialogue on volatile contemporary issues among members of the Texas Tech community. The third program of this series concerns press freedom and public access to information.
Program description: We face a substantial contradiction: In an era when an unprecedented number of news sources deliver information across an array of digital platforms, the veracity of news content is doubted by many, and the American public's access to information is under threat from government. This is no minor issue given information's centrality to cultivating a knowledgeable public, long considered a cornerstone of democracy. Aggravated political partisanship, deep ideological divides and the bitterly-fought culture wars have increased sensitivity--and in some quarters cynicism--regarding the news media's roles in U.S. politics and society. The investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election encompasses media elements, while the Federal Communications Commission's recent rescinding of so-called net neutrality regulations muddles the question of rapid, equitable access to online content by individual and non-commercial internet users. At the same time, concerns are heard about federal and state governments' censoring content and/or restricting access to publicly-funded information at institutions such as the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and Centers for Disease Control. This fourth session of Civil Counterpoints, a campus conversation series, encourages open discussion of these topics and their potential impacts on society with a group of expert discussants.
Dr. Erik Bucy, the Formby Professor of Strategic Communication in the College of Media & Communications at Texas Tech, will moderate.
Featured speakers include:
Brandon Formby, an investigative journalist at the Texas Tribune. They previously spent more than 13 years at The Dallas Morning News, where they covered issues relating to government and politics.
Don R. Richards, an Administrative Law attorney at the Richards, Elder and Gibson, PLLC Law Firm with a focus in the areas of Public Utility Law, Media Law, and Administrative Law and a former award-winning community journalist. Mr. Richards is also an Adjunct Professor of Law at the Texas Tech School of Law.
Dr. Brie D. Sherwin, an Associate Professor of Law at Texas Tech University School of Law with an expertise in trade secret protection, environmental toxicology and public health. Dr. Sherwin is also part of the inaugural faculty of the Master of Public Health Degree Program at the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences at Texas Tech.
Thomas Williams, an attorney with the Haynes and Boone, LLP Law Office of Forth Worth, TX. Mr. Williams has handled a number of cases relating to the invasion of privacy and other First Amendment issues.  They are also a member of the Board of Directors for the Freedom of Information Foundation of Texas.
For the first time in more than three years, Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy will have a new starting quarterback.
Mason Rudolph started 41 games for the Cowboys and left with many of the most significant school records.
Taylor Cornelius appears ready to step in. The 6-foot-6, 232-pound senior has taken control of the position during the spring.
“He's doing really well,” Gundy said. “He's been around here forever and their strength is their knowledge of our offence. They throw the ball around pretty well and they have nice size. The only thing we don't know is how well he'll handle playing in games.”
Though Cornelius has only passed for 220 yards and rushed for 108 in their career, the transition has been seamless. They know much of their work will go beyond throwing the ball.
“I am trying to be a bigger role model and a leader for this group because I am the older guy,” they said. “So those have been big things for me this spring.”
Keondre Wudtee and John Kolar are the other quarterbacks in the mix. But Cornelius has been solid through the spring, which culminates with the April 28 spring game.
REPLACING WASHINGTON
Washington was the Biletnikoff Award winner last season, and Marcell Ateman gained more than 1,100 yards receiving. Though both are gone, the Cowboys are still loaded at that spot, with Jalen McCleskey, Dillon Stoner and Tyron Johnson still around. McCleskey has 152 career receptions and 15 touchdowns. Stoner caught 44 passes as a first-year student last season. Johnson, a junior, was a five-star prospect coming out of high school who finally will have the stage.
“We're pretty good,” Johnson said. “We're going to fly under the radar. A lot of people will think we're not that good because we lost some big targets to the draft, but that's how it goes. We reloaded and we have a lot of talented receivers that have to get on the same page as the quarterbacks and learn the plays.”
OFFENSIVE LINE
All-Big 12 pick Marcus Keyes is back, but the Cowboys need to fill spots left by Zack Crabtree (46 career starts), Brad Lundblade (41) and Aaron Cochran (29). Arlington Hambright, a junior college transfer, bears watching. Right guard Larry Williams is trying to get a sixth year of eligibility, but a decision has not been made. They were lost early last season with an ankle injury.
CHUBA HUBBARD
There's been some hype about Hubbard. The Canadian came to Oklahoma State as a raw prospect who redshirted last season, but now looks like they might be able to steal some carries from returning all-conference pick Justice Hill and their talented backups, J.D. King and LD Brown.
“We like where Chuba (Hubbard) is at,” Gundy said. “Hubbard has never played in a game, so we don't know, but I'm fairly confident that we have four guys who can play at this level.”
HILL'S HANDS
Justice Hill has proven they can run with the ball — they have 2,609 yards rushing in two seasons at Oklahoma State. Now, their role as a receiver will be expanded. They caught 31 passes for 190 yards last season.
“You have to learn the whole route tree, the combinations, reading safeties,” they said. “It's something new, something I need to work on. So it has been fun this spring, just getting to learn this system and learning a different position.”
DEFENSIVE COORDINATOR
The Cowboys return nine defensive starters, but they'll play for a new co-ordinator in Jim Knowles. They were defensive co-ordinator at Duke for eight years before joining the Oklahoma State staff and was head coach at Cornell from 2004-2009.
“Watching them coach and their approach has me very encouraged with the relationship he's built with the team on that side of the ball,” Gundy said. “He's highly intelligent, they have a unique way of developing relationships with players and I'm encouraged by that part of the game.”
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Homebuilding investment fell 2% in the first quarter
The US economy grew at an annual rate of 2.2% in the first three months of the year, slightly more slowly than the original estimate of 2.3%.
The Commerce Department published the revision on Wednesday in its second estimate of GDP.
It said exports, inventory investments and consumer spending were weaker than first reported.
The declines exacerbated the slowdown from the fourth quarter of 2017, when US GDP increased by 2.9%.
The first quarter is typically the weakest of the year and many economists expect economic growth to accelerate in coming months, as some activity shifts later in the year.
Compared with the first quarter of 2017, GDP - the measure of goods and services produced in the US, adjusted for inflation - increased by 2.8%, the fastest rate since 2015.
However, some metrics continue to lag behind expectations.
Wednesday's report showed inflation rose 1.6% from the first quarter of 2017. That measure of inflation - personal consumption expenditure excluding food and energy - is the Federal Reserve's preferred indicator,
The Fed has said it is aiming for an inflation rate of about 2%.
Wednesday's report showed consumer spending increased just 1% in the first quarter, instead of 1.1% as originally reported. That marked the weakest growth in almost five years.
Spending on homebuilding, another major economic driver, declined 2%.
However, business investment was higher than previously reported, driven by a more than 10% increase in spending on intellectual property.
The Commerce Department also said the new US tax cut, which reduced the corporate rate from 35% to 21%, was having an effect.
Taxes on corporate profits fell $117.4bn in the first quarter, while after-tax corporate profits climbed 5.9%.
It's been a busy news week. We announced on Wednesday, April 12, that we just acquired former Ivanti One partner, Concorde Solutions!
Based on Reading, U.K., Concorde helps manage complex software license agreements associated with products like those offered by Oracle, Microsoft, VMware and IBM. Their SaaS-based solutions provide increased visibility, enabling organizations to take control, reduce risk, and save money.
Last year, Concorde joined our Ivanti One partner program and we began working with them to integrate our offerings. Earlier this year, Ivanti began selling Concorde under the name Ivanti License Optimizer.
“With this acquisition, Ivanti is advancing its lead in SAM by filling a critical unmet need within the greater ITAM ecosystem,” said Ivanti CEO Steve Daly. “By bringing together Concorde's software licensing expertise and Ivanti's asset intelligence and endpoint management capabilities, we're providing customers total asset management from a single point of control. Due to our close collaboration over the past year, we will be able to offer customers immediate access to the enhanced portfolio of solutions.”
Read the entire article here, In Case You Haven't Heard, Ivanti Just Acquired UK-Based Concorde Solutions
via the fine folks at Ivanti.
OMAHA, Neb. — Creighton's Marcus Foster wasn't much of a factor early against Nebraska. They sure are at the end.
Foster scored 17 of their 19 points in the second half, and Creighton beat Nebraska 75-65 Saturday for its seventh straight win over the Cornhuskers and coach Greg McDermott's sixth in a row over Nebraska's Tim Miles.
“Just couldn't get a rhythm the first half,” Foster said. “Something Coach Mac has told me over and over: ‘Be calm and be patient, and everything is going to go your way.' ”
Foster was held to 1-of-5 shooting in the first half and was just 4 for 11 with 4 minutes to play. They scored 10 of Creighton's last 18 points to hold off the Huskers.
Foster's strong finish began when they made a nifty move on the baseline for a layup. After Isaiah Roby blocked their shot, Foster picked up the ball and scored. Then, after Nebraska came out of a timeout in a 1-3-1 zone for the first time, Foster buried a deep 3-pointer for a 69-63 lead with 43 seconds left.
Mitch Ballock had 11 of their 13 points in the second half, Ronnie Harrell Jr. finished with 12 and Khyri Thomas added 11 for Creighton.
“This is a really good win for us and I think later in the season we'll see how good a win it is for us,” McDermott said. “I've said this week that I feel like this is Tim's most complete team. They're very disruptive defensively with their length and their size in particular.”
Isaac Copeland had a double-double with 20 points and a career-high 11 rebounds for Nebraska (7-4). The Huskers got 16 points from James Palmer Jr., and 10 from Roby. Glynn Watson had eight points and five assists before fouling out with 2:50 left.
“First of all you have to credit Creighton,” Miles said. “Their second half was outstanding. They got downhill on offence and Ballock got us early. If we're going to beat a really good team on the road, we have to have seven or eight guys be stars in their roles.”
The Bluejays, fueled by a sellout crowd of 17,901 that was on its feet much of the second half, shot 59 per cent after halftime.
They struggled in the first half, missing 5 of 7 free throws after getting in the bonus less than 8 minutes into the game, committing seven turnovers in a five-minute stretch and missing 11 of 13 3-pointers.
Still, they trailed just 33-28 at half thanks to Nebraska's 39-per cent shooting and inability to pull away when it had chances.
“Honestly,” McDermott said, “I felt fortunate to be down five with 10 turnovers and as bad as we shot free throws.”
BIG PICTURE
Nebraska: The Huskers were coming off an upset of No. 14 Minnesota and clearly have closed the gap against Creighton. A big reason is Copeland. The Georgetown transfer's length and athleticism bothered the Bluejays.
Creighton: The Bluejays took the all-time series lead, 26-25, against their in-state rival. The seven straight wins over Nebraska mark their longest streak in the series. Creighton has won 11 straight regular-season home games against the Huskers.
MCDERMOTT'S DOMINANCE
McDermott is now 14-0 all-time against Miles. The two longtime friends have squared off with different teams over the last 20 years, going back to when McDermott was at Wayne State (Nebraska) and Miles was at Southwest Minnesota State.
Miles joked before the game about the certainties of their life: “Death, taxes and Miles loses to McDermott.”
After the game, McDermott said, “Tim and I have been friends a long time, and I pull for their team when they're not playing us.”
KEY NUMBERS
Creighton's Martin Krampelj had their second straight double-double, with 10 points and 11 rebounds. … The Bluejays trailed at halftime for the first time this season. … Copeland's double-double was their first for Nebraska and second of their career. … The Huskers' Palmer has been in double figures in 10 of 11 games. … Nebraska got to the foul line a season-low three times.
UP NEXT
Nebraska hosts No. 2 Kansas on Saturday.
Creighton hosts Maryland-Eastern Shore on Friday.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Mr Bolloré's holding company has denied any irregularities
French billionaire Vincent Bolloré has been detained for questioning by anti-corruption police near Paris.
Officers in Nanterre are asking them about suspected corruption in Africa, reports say. It comes days after they stepped down as chairperson of the media group Vivendi.
Their holding company the Bolloré Group has denied any irregularities.
It is alleged that a subsidiary helped two African presidents win power in return for lucrative contracts.
Two rival firms have taken the Bolloré Group to court over the concessions.
Mr Bolloré's business empire includes shipping, advertising, construction and media and has large interests in Africa.  They are one of France's best-known business people.
Investigators are looking into allegations that their Havas advertising agency provided discounted communications advice to Guinean President Alpha Condé and Togolese President Faure Gnassingbé at election time in return for the Bolloré Africa Logistics company being given licences to operate container ports in Conakry and Lomé.
All parties deny the allegations.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The Guinean government says there is nothing wrong with the contract for Conakry port
After the election in Guinea, Mr Condé terminated the contract of Conakry port's existing operator and gave it to the Bolloré Group.
A spokesperson for the government of Guinea said there was nothing wrong with the contract for the shipping container terminal.
The Bolloré Group says that its long record of investment in Africa was already sufficient grounds for it to have been awarded the licences.
Image caption Cornelius Van Dongen (l) gave evidence for one hour at Bristol Crown Court
The father of a man who had acid thrown over them by their former partner said their son told them they were "scared, very scared" of them
Berlinah Wallace, 49, is charged with murder and applying a corrosive fluid to Dutch engineer Mark Van Dongen in Bristol in 2015.
Cornelius Van Dongen told the court of a series of phone calls with their son and how they advised them to call police.
Ms Wallace denies both charges.
Image caption Berlinah Wallace says they believed they were throwing a glass of water
Mark Van Dongen, 29, was left paralysed from the neck down and lost their left leg, ear and eye following the attack in September 2015.
They ended their lives in a Belgian euthanasia clinic 15 months later.
Speaking through an interpreter, Cornelius Van Dongen said in one phone call their son told them how "very scared" they were of them
"I told Mark to call the police," they said.
When asked by prosecutor, Adam Vaitilingam QC, why this was, they said they had poured boiling water over him, "that's why they were scared".
In a second call, their father told Bristol Crown Court, their son said they had called police because they were "scared, very scared" of them
Image copyright Family photograph Image caption Mark Van Dongen was granted euthanasia 15 months after being attacked in Bristol
The jury was told when Mr Van Dongen was discharged from hospital they were transferred to a care home in Gloucester before travelling to a Belgian hospital.
They father said when doctors told Mark they would be permanently paralysed this had a "terrible terrible effect" on them and "something inside just broke".
They decided to apply for euthanasia, but had to wait 30 days before it could happen.
"During that time... I never left their bedside. They were on maximum painkillers and had a lung infection."
They were asked if they were there when the euthanasia took place. "Yes," they replied.
The trial continues.
The professional dancer featured in Emma Watson's live adaptation of Beauty And The Beast
Samira Mighty is one of the stars of Love Island who is already super successful.
Advertisement
The 22-year-old is a West End performer who has starred in productions including Mamma Mia! and Dreamgirls – and even revealed to RadioTimes.com and other press that they had once dated Chris Pine!
The professional dancer and performer says she's got one main reason to go on the show: she's normally too busy to find a partner. “I haven't had the chance to have a proper summer break before because I've been doing long contracts in West End shows,” they explain.
Our dazzling ensemble member @SamiraMighty is so ready to take over #DreamgirlsLDN Insta Stories today ✨ Don't forget to tune in!https://t.co/ikol7IPEXC pic.twitter.com/1lUMGDOT3O — Dreamgirls West End (@DreamgirlsLDN) April 27, 2018
Samira also told RadioTimes.com that they have “done musical theatre for a long time now and I really want to move away from musical theatre.
“I don't like meeting the guys in my industry as well,” they added. “Like everyone knows everyone, so if you've kissed a guy, then that girl's kissed the guy.
“It's just so small, so going into the villa it will be interesting to meet someone outside of my industry and moving onto something completely different, because I feel like I can do a lot of things. I don't want to stick to one thing, so it's going to be a great platform, and to meet someone hopefully.”
They also dedicate some time to covering pop hits on YouTube.
It's something she's been doing for over 10 years…
She's also appeared on the likes of ITV's All Star Musicals with Freddie Flintoff and they featured in Emma Watson's live adaptation of Beauty And The Beast as a debutante.
But now that Samira has sorted a few weeks off in the villa, what can viewers expect? As well as describing themselves as “hot-headed”, we're not likely to see Samira back down in an argument. “I am a little bit stubborn – if you're wrong, you are wrong in my opinion,” they say.
However, they also have a softer side, saying she's a good shoulder to cry on. “I'll bend over backwards for people,” Samira explains. “If a friend called me at 3am and said ‘I need your help' then of course I would help them out.”
Boho Vibes🌈 A post shared by Samira Mighty (@samiramighty) on May 3, 2018 at 12:43pm PDT
Don't be surprised if you see Samira strike up several friendships with the lads. “I'm a boy's girl. All of my best friends are boys,” they say. “I do love hanging out with girls, but they can be catty. I've had it with a friend who I thought was my best friend, but then you realise they are not at all. I think there might be a bit of rivalry over guys. It wouldn't phase me going head to head with someone for a guy.”
As for their relationship history, she's had two serious exes. “They'd probably say I am very confident, very loving, and I like doing lots of things together. I don't mind lazy days but I like being active and keeping the relationship fresh.”
What is Samira looking for in a boy?
Somebody who can make them laugh. “The biggest turn off would be if they weren't funny,” they say. “Even if they're beautiful but have no personality and are just dry, I physically can't have a conversation. I hate awkward silences.”
So, as long as the boys remember a few knock-knock jokes they might have a chance.
Who is Samira Mighty? Key facts:
Who is Samira coupled up with on Love Island? Sam Bird
Age: 22
Job: West End performer
Location: London
Instagram: @samiramighty
Twitter: @MightySamira
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
China Offers Conditions For Nigeria To Get More Assistance
For more Chinese development assistance to be extended to Nigeria, both countries should become active partners, Prof. Zhang Yong-Peng, a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), in Beijing, China said on Tuesday.
Yong-Peng made this known while receiving a delegation of visiting Nigerian Journalists in Beijing.
Speaking on “The Belt and Silk Road: Creating New Development in Africa,'' they said it was imperative for Nigeria to become more active with China.
Their words: “China knows Nigeria as a major power in Africa and would continue to create more opportunities to access their development assistance and funds. Let me say that Nigeria can benefit a lot more from the Chinese government. “The Chinese Government's Belt and Road Initiative currently covers 100 countries, including Ethiopia, South Africa and Egypt. “Nigeria should give us good development plans, because China is ready to provide more support to Nigeria. Therefore, Nigeria needs to be more active with the Chinese government. “China is today rising as a political power and needs to extend their political and economic power. And China also needs protection where their political and economic interest is.''
The Professor of International Politics at the Institute of West, Asian and African Studies at CASS said that many other African countries had been benefiting from the agreements reached on the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC).
The post China Offers Conditions For Nigeria To Get More Assistance appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
York Way stabbing: Police urge ‘numerous' witnesses to come forward
York Way's junction with Pentonville Road, where a 28-year-old man was stabbed this morning. Picture: Google Street View Archant
A man was stabbed in King's Cross this morning.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The 28-year-old victim was attacked by another male in York Way's junction with Pentonville Road at about 1.15am.
They were taken to hospital and is in a stable condition.
Police are appealing for information on the suspect, described as a “white or light skinned black male with distinctive afro style hairstyle and wispy moustache”.
They were wearing a royal blue coloured jacket, with a black top underneath, light blue denim jeans and white and grey trainers. They were also wearing thick rimmed spectacles.
Detectives believe there were a number of a witness at the time of the stabbing and would like them to come forward. There have been no arrests.
Anyone with information is asked to call Islington Police on 0208 345 0296 or 101. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Image copyright EPA Image caption Paul Ryan was a staunch supporter of the Republican tax reform bill
US House speaker Paul Ryan has come under fire after citing a school worker who was $1.50 (£1) a week better off because of recent tax cuts.
Mr Ryan deleted a tweet about a school secretary who, they said, was "pleasantly surprised" by the increase.
The post was widely derided with many social media users saying $1.50 was not a significant pay hike.
It comes after President Donald Trump approved the most sweeping overhaul of the US tax system in decades.
Republicans say the tax reforms will help businesses and individuals, and boost economic growth.
Democrats, who opposed the changes, say the cuts will mainly benefit the ultra-rich.
Mr Ryan, the most senior Republican in the US House of Representatives, had tweeted a link to a report by the Associated Press in which Julia Ketchum, a secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, said they would be $78 a year better off, which they said would more than cover their annual membership for the wholesale outlet Costco.
Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Mr Ryan deleted their "embarrassing tweet" because it was a "blatant admission" of the tax bill's unfairness.
Skip Twitter post by @TeamPelosi Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense.
They also don't want you to know they got $500.000.00 from the Koch family. pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi (@TeamPelosi) February 3, 2018 Report
In a tweet, they also referred to reports that Mr Ryan's fundraising committee had received $500,000 from billionaire Republican donor Charles Koch days after the tax overhaul was passed.
Others also said the tweet showed Mr Ryan was out of touch with Americans on low incomes.
Skip Twitter post by @jonfavs As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco. https://t.co/piiWqzOEGo — Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 3, 2018 Report
Mr Ryan has not yet responded to the reaction.
‘Dragon Ball FighterZ' is the playable Dragon Ball cartoon we've always wanted.
Few cartoon franchises lend themselves better to fighting games than Dragon Ball. Akira Toriyama's manga, and its various animated spin-offs, has grown to be one of the most beloved anime franchises in the world, telling an inter-dimensional tale of super-powered fighters hurling each other through mountains or, in some cases, just yelling and clenching while they jack themselves up to increasingly absurd levels of power.
Many of the series' narrative arcs revolve around huge fighting tournaments, so it's not remotely a stretch to port that directly into a classic fighting game. We've seen many adaptions over the years, including the Xenoverse franchise, but Bandai Namco's latest effort, Dragon Ball FighterZ, feels special. We had a chance to play a few rounds on the show floor at E3 recently and chat with producer Tomoko Hiroki via translator.
First, a point of clarification: the game's title is pronounced “Dragon Ball Fighters,” not “Dragon Ball Fighter Zee.” This was our first question, evoking a chuckle from the translator, who said they'd anticipated people asking that in particular.
Kameha…
Dragon Ball FighterZ's aesthetic is instantly striking. Every Dragon Ball game has riffed on the anime's classic look, but many have tried to do so with 3D graphics — and fallen short. FighterZ is different. It manages to replicate the anime with such detail that you'll immediately assume its a 2D game. It's not. Look close enough and you'll see a polygon here or there, but the flaws are very hard to spot.
All of the Saiyan characters (Goku, Vegeta, and Gohan in the demo we played) start out in their enhanced Super-Saiyan form right from the get-go. Basic special attacks have characters hurling crackling balls of energy the size of a car across the screen. The action is relentless and flashy right from the start of the match, evoking the series' climactic battles.
Capturing the show's aesthetic was one of the major design goals for the team. “Recently, a lot of games have been going for a very realistic look,” Tomoko Hiroki explained. “But you can probably tell that this has a very high-end animation quality that's quite different from a lot of the AAA titles that are all around us.”
The game's character roster draws from across the franchise's extensive history. “We haven't really chosen characters from specific points [in the series], rather we wanted to make it really broad, so a really broad generation will be able to enjoy the game.” The version we played included Goku, Gohan, Vegeta, Cell, Freeza (in their final form), and Majin Buu (in their portly form). Hiroki would not confirm any other characters, but we expect to see fan favorites like Piccolo, Trunks, and Android 18 (and hopefully some deeper cuts as well, such as Garlic Jr.).
…me…
The game plays much like another flashy, 2D fighting game: Marvel vs. Capcom 3. Hiroki admitted as much, telling us that MvC3 was a major reference for the game's development.
At the start of a match, players pick three fighters to form their team. Only one is active at a time, but your teammates can be called in to help with special attacks, or swapped out, tag-team style. This adds a strategic consideration of not just choosing a fighter with whom you are fluent, but also assembling a team that will complement each other well. It allows for interesting play and counter-play, such as swapping in your more nimble fighter to counter a powerful but lumbering opponent.
The action is relentless and flashy right from the start of the match, evoking the anime's climactic battles.
The control scheme was simple, with the four face buttons mapped to light, medium, heavy, and special attacks. As with MvC3, much of the complexity and tactical depth comes from the interplay of different characters, rather than having overly elaborate move-sets and form-changes for each individual fighter. “We wanted to make a rather simple battle system,” explained Hiroki, “but make it deeper, so that fighting game players will be able to enjoy it.” Making a game that appeals equally to hardcore fighting game fans and casual Dragon Ball fans was a “main goal for this title.”
Hiroki even has their sights set on cultivating serious, competitive play. “We're strongly considering EVO [the fighting game tournament], and that's on our mind the whole time we're developing the game, so we're hoping to hear a lot of user feedback.”
…HA!!!!
Dragon Ball FighterZ was a standout in Microsoft's press conference, mostly thanks to its vibrant visuals. After getting our hands on it for a few rounds, we're happy to report that the gameplay lives up to the look, capturing the accessibility and tactical depth of Marvel vs. Capcom 3 — one of our favorite fighting games. Dragon Ball FighterZ will come to PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC in early 2018, with a closed console beta coming later this summer.
The fishbowl-swimming lost souls in Avenged Sevenfold have shared a cover of the Pink Floyd classic “Wish You Were Here.” You can listen to the cover, which is streaming with a video featuring footage from the band's summer tour with Metallica, now on YouTube.
The “Wish You Were Here” cover is the latest is the latest installment of Avenged Sevenfold's continued expansion of their album The Stage, which has also included takes on The Rolling Stones‘ “As Tears Go By,” Beach Boys‘ “God Only Knows,” Del Shannon‘s “Runaway,” Mr. Bungle‘s “Retrovertigo,” and the Mexican folk song “Malaguena Salerosa,” plus an original track called “Dose.”
“[‘Wish You Were Here'] is the song that started us down the rabbit hole with our recent cover recordings,” says A7X frontman M. Shadows. “I've always loved this song and though I felt it would be impossible to capture the somberness of the original, we approached it with another purpose.”
“There's a poignancy to the song that seems appropriate with everything going on in the world today,” they add. “We put a bit of a modern twist on it to reintroduce it at a time when it might help capture what some of us are feeling.”
All seven of the bonus tracks will be gathered for a deluxe version of The Stage, which will be released December 15. The collection also includes four live tracks from A7X's recent shows at The O2 arena in London.
Avenged Sevenfold will kick off a North American tour in support of The StageJanuary 12 in Nashville. Before that, Shadows and guitarist Synyster Gates will perform at Linkin Park‘s Chester Bennington memorial concert, held October 27 in Los Angeles.
“What can I do to help?” is the question the Toledo community is asking when referring to Tuesday's massive fire at the Watcher Building in uptown Toledo.
The uptown community's initial reaction to the fire was shock, since this was their first experience with tragedy.
"There were people on the street, on the sidewalks on the corners, people were watching, people were crying. But within the first 30 minutes to an hour we all just came together and started getting supplies together,” said Megan Aherne with Handmade Toledo.
The same effort carried over into the next day. Only about 100 yards away from the charred building, Handmade Toledo set up shop as a drop off location for much-needed supplies.
"We've had a ton of donations! Toledo is really coming through," said Aherne.
The Attic and House of Dow on Adams Street also volunteered space for collections throughout the day Wednesday.
"When you hear about something that happened in the community, whether you work down there or you live down there you feel like you have to do something, because you feel like without community, who are we? I know I only donated a little bit but I'm hoping at the very least a little bit can go a long way," said donating community member Sean Koogan.
The Attic which sits right across the street from the Watcher Building, is also planning a fund raising event Saturday, June 17, with proceeds going towards fire relief.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Around lunchtime Monday, a group of Florida International University students waited at the intersection of Southwest Fourth Street and 109th Avenue for a shuttle to take them to class.
They were anxious and pacing, as the shuttle was more than 30 minutes late.
“I had to walk all the way over here just to wait for the shuttle,” said Amanda Radcliffe, a junior at FIU, already late for their seminar, Writing and Rhetoric 2. “And it's still 15 minutes away, the rideshare app is telling us.”
Monday was the students' first day back from spring break, and the first day of school after the FIU pedestrian bridge, under construction, collapsed onto traffic Thursday, killing six people, including an FIU student. To cope with road closures, the university encouraged students to take the shuttle service running between FIU and Sweetwater –– the city roughly 4,000 FIU students call home.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
FIU junior Nathalie Sanchez awaits a shuttle in Sweetwater to take them to Florida International University's main campus on Southwest Eighth Street on Monday, March 19, 2018. Southwest Eighth Street between 107th and 117th avenues is closed due to the FIU bridge collapse last Thursday, March 15, 2018. Daniel A.Varela dvarela@miamiherald.com
But on its first day of post-collapse service, the students said, the shuttle was causing as many problems as it solved.
The students' frustration stemmed in part from their proximity –– the shuttle stop was only blocks away from campus. On a normal day, they would have walked.
But Southwest Eighth Street between 107th and 117th avenues has been closed since the bridge collapsed.
A crosswalk that usually took the students across a heavily traveled Eighth Street was closed Monday through the afternoon.
“There's some wall up or something, a barrier,” Radcliffe said. “You can't walk at the crosswalk.”
(State transportation officials reopened the crosswalk at Eighth Street and 109th Avenue Monday evening.)
With the intersection closed earlier in the day, the students had to walk around the blocked-off area.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 112 Sweetwater PD holds moment of silence victims of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapse Pause 59 Students honor bridge victims with moment of silence on Monday 66 FIU honors bridge victims with moment of silence 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Officials have opened up 8th Street (along 109th Ave.) to pedestrian traffic, just yards away from the FIU bridge collapse site. The street is still closed to drivers. Monique O. MadanMiami Herald Staff
“Without the crosswalk, it would take an hour to walk,” said another junior, Amanda Perez.
Barred from crossing the street, the students could either take the shuttle or drive.
Like Radcliffe, Perez had been waiting at the stop for nearly 30 minutes. But they had been trying to get to campus since 10 a.m.
Even though their class didn't start until 1 p.m., Perez and a friend had tried to make it to campus early Monday by car.
“There was absolutely no parking,” Perez said. “We looked for parking for an hour, in three different parking garages. So, we drove back and came here.”
As it approached 12:30 p.m., Perez worried they would be late.
“We thought three hours would be enough time to get there,” they said. “But I guess it wasn't.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 112 Sweetwater PD holds moment of silence victims of the FIU pedestrian bridge collapse Pause 59 Students honor bridge victims with moment of silence on Monday 66 FIU honors bridge victims with moment of silence 344 Hit-and-run suspect talks too much in Miami bond court 36 SW 8th ST nearly cleared days after FIU pedestrian bridge collapse 47 Roadside memorial for FIU bridge collapse victims 52 Man on tricycle steals laundry detergent from apartment building 54 FHP addresses traffic situation for Monday around FIU and Youth Fair 36 Victims of the FIU bridge collapse 35 Third cars removed from FIU bridge collapse rubble Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Juan Andres Diez and Zachary Lendzian, both students at Florida International University, returned to school Monday and honored the victims from the bridge collapse with a moment of silence near the school's Graham Center. Monique O. Madan; Edited by Matias J. OcnerMiami Herald Staff
At around 12:40 p.m., a shuttle pulled up, and the students hopped on board. The previous bus had skipped their stop, the driver said.
After a few blocks, one student who had been waiting the longest (35 minutes), scooted up to the front of the shuttle, and asked if the driver could stop at the engineering school.
“That's a different shuttle,” the driver said. “You'll have to get off at main campus and take another bus back.”
They returned to their seat, grumbling.
“Look at all that traffic,” Radcliffe said, staring out the window. “I'm not looking forward to heading back home.”
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Felipe Massa says that Formula 1 has not got worse in the 16 years since they made their debut, despite widespread criticism during that period...
A man has been arrested after a six-hour stand-off with police at a house in Bournemouth.
Specialist firearm officers were called to reports of a woman being held hostage by an armed man in Parley Road shortly after 07:00 GMT.
They were found outside the property and was uninjured.
A 42-year-old man was later arrested and a loaded crossbow and two weapons, believed to be imitation firearms, were seized by officers.
 They are being questioned on suspicion of possession of an imitation firearm, affray and false imprisonment.
A cordon was set up and Parley Road and Malvern Road were closed throughout the morning.
Ch Insp Dean O'Connor, of Dorset Police, said: "I am aware that this has taken quite a few hours and I would like to thank those residents directly affected by the closure."
Modern, vibrant communities where people live, work and socialise – that is North Lanarkshire Council's ambition for the future of its town centres.
A proposal has been agreed to begin to transform town centres, supported by a budget of £32.75 million over the next five years, as part of a long-term economic regeneration delivery plan for the area.
Transforming towns is high on the agenda of the council's regeneration plans, which centre around the four core interconnected themes of: housing regeneration, town centre transformation, business and industry, and infrastructure development.
This includes plans to more than double affordable housing by pledging to deliver 5000 homes by 2035, all part of the council's ambitious plans to invest potentially £4.5 billion over the next 30 years, aimed at creating an additional 15,000 jobs.
People living in these new homes will also contribute to the wider local economy with projections estimating a further 1000 jobs in the service industry.
At the heart of the entire programme, is the ambition to deliver inclusive growth.
Currently underway is the first stage of the regeneration blueprint, which will see many tower blocks and other flats demolished to make way for new homes.
Although this £500 million project is just one element of the council's vision, these new homes will meet the needs and aspirations of local people, and many will be located in town centres.
Tenants in the flats earmarked for the first phase of demolition support the plan, with a recent survey showing that over 80 per cent were in favour.
New locations, including vacant and derelict retail sites, will be identified to speed up the construction of new council homes.
The council will also work with businesses and investors to redevelop existing retail space, to help create multi-use spaces, such as incubator hubs for business start-ups, that are more relevant to our future economy.
Work will continue to progress the reinvigoration of North Lanarkshire's town centres, including coming up with creative ways to generate a regular evening economy and diversify outdoor, retail and industrial spaces.
Councillor Allan Graham, convener of the Enterprise and Housing Committee, which agreed to the proposal this month, said: “Town centres are key to the well-being of our communities, and the council's ambition is to see them redesigned as multi-use spaces for everyone.
“We want to breathe life back into town centres, making them fit with current lifestyles. The way we all live has changed in recent years, with a huge increase in on-line shopping and use of digital services.
“Our social lives are also focussed around ‘experiences' so we need to provide facilities and amenities for people, alongside the new housing in town centres. This will also create jobs, support business and grow the local economy – these may seem dramatic changes, but these are ambitious plans that will develop long-term sustainability.
“By locating modern housing beside community and leisure facilities, shops and services, all connected to ultrafast broadband, we will create town centres that people want to live, work and socialise in.”
The £32.75million allocated to town centre and business regeneration in the current capital programme will help kick-start the work over the first five years, while the council continues to develop long-term plans for the next 20 years.
Over the last ten years, the council has invested £30 million in town centre action plans which have seen improvements to the streetscape generally.
Specific projects such as the redevelopment around Motherwell train station, the Kilsyth and Kelvin Valley Action Plan and the Conservation Area Regeneration Scheme in Coatbridge, will be continuing as part of the new plans.
Councillor Graham added: “The regeneration of town centres is an important part of our economic regeneration strategy which addresses both place and economy, so it's about improving our land, buildings and housing as well as encouraging new business, investment and jobs.
“Our strategy will ensure we have land available for building much-needed new homes, utilise the Glasgow City Region City Deal investment to improve the transport network, create locations to attract business and industry, and maximise our greenspace for residents and visitors to enjoy.”
Airdrie, Coatbridge and Cumbernauld will see the first phase of the plans.
In Airdrie, Coatbridge and Wishaw, the plans focus on replacing outdated, large-scale retail outlets, commercial property and housing with modern, mixed-use developments.
In Cumbernauld, the viability of the town centre will be a focus, using both public and private property to develop integrated public services.
Improvements in Motherwell will centre initially around the plans to create a transport hub at the rail station.
Future phases will focus on Shotts, Kilsyth and Bellshill.
Attracting further investment from business and industry sectors is key to the regeneration strategy and will be underpinned by advances in the roads and rail transport network made through the Glasgow City Region City Deal.
Regeneration of existing industrial estates at Newhouse, Blairlinn and Braidhurst will provide premises and development land suitable for modern businesses, with further sites earmarked for future expansion.
Federal income taxes are due April 18 and, likely for several million people, so is a fine for failing to get health insurance.
Despite a lengthy debate, Congress has not yet acted on a bill to repeal portions of the Affordable Care Act. That means the law and almost all of its regulations remain in force, for now.
It's not too early to think about managing your taxes and minimizing the hit to income. Jon Sweeney / NBC News
For the majority of tax filers, who had insurance through an employer or government program for 2016, all they have to do is check the box on Form 1040 that says they were covered for a full year. That's it.
Under a decision by the Trump administration, however, leaving that box blank will not get your tax return kicked back to you. The IRS under President Barack Obama also did not reject returns with the box left blank last year or the year before, but it had announced it would step up enforcement of what's known as the "individual mandate" for tax year 2016. That plan was canceled under Trump's executive order calling on federal agencies to "minimize the burden" of the health law.
Related: Six Things You May Not Know Could Go With Obamacare Repeal
Still, those who lacked insurance for more than three consecutive months, or who bought individual insurance and got federal help paying the premiums, need to do a little more work.
Those with no insurance or a lengthy gap may be required to pay what the federal government calls a "shared responsibility payment." It's a fine for not having coverage, on the theory that even those without insurance will eventually use the health care system at a cost they can't afford and someone else will have to pay that bill.
Many people without insurance, however, qualify for one of several dozen "exemptions" from the fine. Nearly 13 million tax filers claimed an exemption for 2015 taxes, according to the IRS. The most common were for people whose income was so low (less than $10,350 for an individual) that they are not required to file a tax return, Americans who lived abroad for most of the year and people for whom the cheapest available insurance was still unaffordable (costing more than 8 percent of their household income).
Related: Should You Even Sign Up for Obamacare?
The fine for 2016 taxes is the greatest of $695 per adult or 2.5 percent of household income. Fines for uncovered children are half the amount for adults. Fines are pro-rated by the number of months you or a family member was uninsured.
The maximum fine is $2,676; that is the national average cost of a "bronze" level insurance plan available on the health exchanges. But most people do not pay anywhere near that much. Last year, said the IRS, an estimated 6.5 million tax filers paid a fine that averaged $470.
Related: Seven Ways Trump Could Make Obamacare 'Explode'
If you bought your own insurance from the federal or a state health insurance exchange and you got a federal tax credit to help pay for that coverage, you also have to take a step before you can file your taxes.
People who got those tax credits must fill out a form that "reconciles" the amount of subsidies they received based on their income estimates with the amount they were entitled to according to their actual income reported to the IRS.
In 2016, 5.3 million taxpayers had to pay the government because they got too much in tax credits, compared with 2.4 million who got additional money back. But among those who underestimated their incomes and had to pay back some of those tax credits, 62 percent still received a net refund on their taxes.
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Mel Brooks' outrageous western send-up “Blazing Saddles'' was truly groundbreaking — and wind-breaking, during the famous campfire bean-eating scene — when it hit theaters 40 years ago. Though it almost...
Level 5
Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch was one of 2013's most delightful games. Bolstered by the near-flawless pedigree of developer Level 5 and the unbridled creativity of Studio Ghibli's art, it became one of the highest-selling PS3 games to date. The follow-up is equally ambitious and sets out to redefine the JRPG genre as a streamlined experience while embracing long-held tropes of the genre.
All of the major players from the creation of Wrath of the White Witch return. Ghibli animator and character designer Yoshiyuki Momose's work is a breathtaking cartoon come to life, and is a sight to behold running at a high framerate. For years gaming was chasing after a high bar. Combat and traversing the world feels like you truly are in the shoes of a Ghibli character, working to regain your kingdom. Combine the beautiful character design with the swelling score of Joe Hisaishi, who composed the score of Wrath of the White Witch and nearly every single Miyazaki film, and few presentations are better.
As King Evan of Ding Dong Dell, you visit a somewhat-familiar world that references the previous game's setting and lore, while being completely fresh and new. The Pokemon-like Familiars from the previous game are gone, and now there's a real-time combat system that encourages timing and quick reflexes not unlike Zelda: Breath of the Wild. For the most part, all traditional menu management usually found in a turn-based game are removed from Ni No Kuni 2, but you'll still have to navigate often for heals and buffs.
Replacing the Familiars as the legally-mandated Ghibli Cuteness are Higgledies. They'll passively work on the battlefield in your favor, opening up zones for your character to hop into, which will lead to buffs, heals, or straight attacks on your enemy. Combined with your three active player characters, the Higgledies add depth to the combat while not being cumbersome. You can upgrade, micromanage, “cook” new Higgledies in your kingdom, which is where the depth of the game truly lies.
Level 5
There's a moment roughly 10 hours into Ni No Kuni 2 when there almost seems like there's too much to do, in a good way. Growing your kingdom is the most in-depth system in the game, and the act of running your citizens and their shops, emptying your coffers, visiting stores for new gear and working with your citizens in order to keep them in the correct businesses is where you'll spend much of your time. As the game goes on and your kingdom expands, your citizenry will grow into an overwhelming amount of micromanagement that replaces other, somewhat-tedious regularities in JRPGs. Instead of grinding for gold and items, you'll have them delivered to you through your citizens (you can also go out and hunt and grind), but for the most part, the big money will come from sidequests deep into the game and your rapidly-filling coffers.
It's this distillation of Japanese RPG systems that makes the game so refreshing while maintaining a deep and satisfying building of your team, which is the most important part of an RPG. You'll never be out of tasks, or something or someone to check on, and at times it can be frustrating. You can get caught up in a few sidequests, only to know that it's time to head back to check on your people and do chores. After every visit, however, you'll feel stronger and learn more about your collection of followers.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Judith Garrett was at the race to watch their boyfriend Peter Walton take part
An organiser and a cycling governing body have been of cleared of failing to supervise a race in which a spectator died when they were hit by an out-of-control mountain biker.
Judith Garrett, 29, was hit at Tan y Craig Farm near Llangollen, Denbighshire, on 31 August 2014.
Michael Marsden, 41, from Lancaster, and the British Cycling Federation denied health and safety charges.
A jury cleared both of all charges at Mold Crown Court on Tuesday.
Organiser Mr Marsden had been accused of failing to conduct the event in such a way that people were not exposed to risk.
The British Cycling Federation - which sanctioned the race - had faced a charge of failing to conduct its undertaking in such a way as to ensure the health and safety of people attending.
Image caption Michael Marsden told the court they had run similar events at the same venue in 2010 and 2013
Mr Marsden told the court they had inspected the course to spot areas where there could be potential problems.
They said areas where competitors were potentially going to come off were kept deliberately wide so if they did crash, they would remain on the course.
British Cycling Federation said it was not responsible for the event and all paperwork for it had been generated or sent to Welsh Cycling, a completely separate body with its own employees, chief executive and board.
Last week, marshal Kevin Duckworth, 41, was found not guilty of failing to take reasonable care to ensure the health and safety of others.
Image caption Race marshal Kevin Duckworth was cleared of the charges they faced last week
Miss Garrett, from Prudhoe, Northumberland, was struck as they watched their boyfriend Peter Walton compete in the Borderline Downhill Series race.
Biker Andrew Cody, 32, skidded out of control after landing a jump and Miss Garrett was thrown backwards into a tree, suffering major head injuries.
They were airlifted to the University Hospital of North Staffordshire in Stoke-on-Trent where they died the next day.
Following their death, their father Bill described them as "the most beautiful, loving daughter".
The CEO of Equifax, Richard Smith, is stepping down in the wake of a data breach that affected millions of Americans, the credit bureau's board of directors announced Tuesday.
"The cybersecurity incident has affected millions of consumers, and I have been completely dedicated to making this right," Smith said in a statement. "At this critical juncture, I believe it is in the best interests of the company to have new leadership to move the company forward."
Smith had served at Equifax's helm for 12 years. Paulino do Rego Barros Jr, president of the company's Asia Pacific division, was tapped to serve as interim CEO, and board member Mark Feidler will serve as nonexecutive chairperson. The board has launched a search for a new permanent CEO.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Equifax CEO Steps Down After Massive Breach 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Meanwhile, Smith will serve "as an unpaid adviser to Equifax to assist in the transition," the board said in the statement.
Related: The One Move to Make After Equifax Breach
Smith will depart with no severance and will forfeit their estimated $3 million performance bonus for 2017, but will retain $18.3 million in pension benefits, Equifax spokesperson Wyatt Jefferies wrote NBC News in an email. They received a base salary of $1.45 million, according to SEC filings.
Equifax CEO Richard Smith poses for a photo at the Equifax headquarters in Atlanta on May 30, 2007. Joey Ivansco / Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP file
More than 143 million Americans' personal credit records, including name, address, Social Security number, date of birth and credit history, were exposed in the data breach, the company has said. In addition, more than 200,000 credit card numbers were stolen, Visa and Mastercard said in a private notice to banks.
In March, vulnerability on a popular server software system used by Equifax and others was exposed by researchers and quickly exploited by hackers to gain control of entire systems that hadn't been patched. Equifax said the breach on their systems occurred from mid-May to July.
Related: Equifax Fallout: FTC Launches Probe; Websites and Phones Jammed With Angry Consumers
Consumer outrage boiled over after the disclosure, with Americans rushing to freeze their credit reports, only to find Equifax's website and systems overwhelmed. The company's chief security officer and chief information systems officer abruptly stepped down in the aftermath.
The FBI has opened an investigation into the incident, which affected 75 percent of the adult population of the United States. Cybersecurity experts say a state actor couldn't be ruled out as a culprit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Equifax Hack: Who is at Risk? 1:39 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Attorney generals from more than 30 states have opened investigations into Equifax. The company is also fending off multiple consumer class action and small-claims lawsuits.
Consumer advocates and cybersecurity experts said that while Smith's departure was a step in the right direction, it didn't solve key underlying problems.
"Equifax is trying to change the optics by a rapid move to sacrifice king as well as a few knights," Ed Mierzwinski, senior fellow for U.S. PIRG, a Washington-based consumer advocacy group, said in an email. Only action by Congress and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will suffice to keep up pressure on the credit reporting marketplace, they said.
One cybersecurity expert told NBC News that a chief executive has little to do with cybersecurity.
"Ultimately they just approves a budget," the expert said. "Fresh faces will roll in, but they will find themselves constrained by the budgetary restraints."
“America's Next Top Model” is the glitzy talent show which should propel its gorgeous contestants to a life of lucrative jobs and mixing with celebrity friends.
But life after Tyra Banks' signature show can be a downward spiral, as these former stars soon realized.
From murder to addiction and working as an escort, some of these “ANTM” stars managed to turn things around again – but others weren't quite so lucky.
Murdered at home
Teenager Mirjana Puhar took part in Cycle 21 of “ANTM,” back in 2014 – and made it to week 10 of the competition.
Less than a year later, the 19-year-old was shot dead after opening the door to two men at their boyfriend's North Carolina home.
Them boyfriend, Jonathan Alvarado, 23, and their roommate, Jusmar Gonzaga-Garcia, 21, were also killed.
Police found drugs, two knives, seven rounds of 9mm ammunition, a safety deposit box, and several mobile phones at the property – leading them to believe it may have been a drug den.
Police arrested and charged Emmanuel Jesus Rangel, 19, with triple-murder and the case is being treated as “drug related.”
12 years in prison
Hawaii's Renee Alway imagined a bright future when they made it to the final of Cycle Eight of “ANTM,” back in 2007.
They were a runner-up in Banks' spin-off show “Modelville,” appeared in commercials, and graced the pages of top magazines.
But the work soon dried up – with Alway was seeing “closed door, after closed door, after closed door, and it was just really hard to take.”
Alway, now 30, was jailed for 12 years and forced to give up custody of their three kids in 2013.
They were arrested in Palm Springs after a six-hour armed standoff with police and a SWAT team.
They later pleaded guilty to four counts of burglary, one count of vehicle theft, one count of being in possession of a firearm, and one count of identity theft.
In addition to their prison sentence, Alway was ordered to pay $59,000 in damages to their victims.
Disqualified for working as an escort
Angelea Preston made it to the final four in Cycle 14 of “ANTM,” in 2010, and returned for the All-Stars the following year.
They made it to the final three of the show, but was then thrown off the show after producers revealed that they had been working as a paid escort prior to filming.
Preston argued that they wrongly disqualified and should have won. In 2015, they attempted to sue Tyra for $3 million for depriving them of the prize.
Rehab for class A drug addiction
When Preston was disqualified from ANTM All Stars, Lisa D'Amato stepped up to win the crown in 2011.
D'Amato also had a troubled past. They previously appeared on Cycle 5 of the show and fell into drug addiction after it ended.
Happily, D'Amato managed to turn their life around after they appeared on Dr. Drew Pinsky's reality show because of their addiction to alcohol, marijuana, amphetamines, cocaine and magic mushrooms.
Dr. Drew labeled the model an “addict in denial” but they soon cleaned up their act – getting married and having a baby boy called Daxel Vaughn in September 2013.
Addiction, however, wasn't D'Amato's only public drama.
In 2013, a freak accident saw them break their nose in several places, as well as suffering deep lacerations on their forehead, lips, and chin.
D'Amato was doing a handstand while “monkeying around” on set for the indie movie “Cowboys and Indians,” when they fell and injured their money-making face.
However, they saw the silver lining and joked that it gave them an opportunity to get a nose job.
Homeless in LA
Jael Strauss, now 32, was a finalist during Cycle Eight of “ANTM,” in 2007, but an addiction to crystal meth ravaged their once stunning looks.
Things spiraled out of control for Strauss when a close friend died while they were in the competition, but they were determined to carry on and attempt to win the show.
A public intervention by TV's Dr. Phil, in 2012, brought their troubles into the public eye – and Strauss is now three years clean and working at a recovery center in Texas.
What a great weekend! A decent performance at Burton — a scintillating one at home to Newcastle — and we're mathematically safe from relegation.
Modern football can be a bit odd at times, I find. Whatever you think of the regime at the club — from Mick McCarthy to Marcus Evans, Ian Milne to the price of a half-time pint — a win is a win is a win, and we can all enjoy it.
We're just happy after a great performance against a very good side. I'm not going to apologise for grinning ear to ear for the rest of this week. But it certainly does not make me believe everything is rosy in the Ipswich Town garden
It makes the bad times worth it, doesn't it?
It always irks me when people, perfectly entitled to celebrate a win, are sometimes demonised, as if enjoying it is an acceptance of an overall poor season.
It's not. We're just happy after a great performance against a very good side. I'm not going to apologise for grinning ear to ear for the rest of this week. But it certainly does not make me believe everything is rosy in the Ipswich Town garden.
I'll never forget how embarrassed I was after we lost to Lincoln on national television, or how bored I was at home to Wolves on a Tuesday night. There are more examples I could list. But it would be a waste of column inches.
We did play very well on Monday. Newcastle had an off day, too.
Myles Kenlock put in a tremendous performance and I believe has to be considered our number one left back.
We need to do all we can to sign Emyr Huws, Freddie Sears is showing us what they can do when played in the right position — and I don't know enough superlatives to fairly describe how good a footballer David McGoldrick is.
The fact it has taken us until April to finally string back-to-back league wins this season tells you everything you need to know about us in this campaign.
There are three games left of this season, one the majority of us will be glad to see the back of.
Then the inquest into its failings can really begin.
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and their beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for their hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” they captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
TERRORISM: US Building Huge New Drone Military Base in Africa – Naija247news
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Developers of the proposed Atlantic Coast Pipeline have asked federal regulators for more time to cut down trees along the project's route, saying they likely can't finish the work under an initial deadline designed to protect birds and bats. The request, which drew criticism from pipeline opponents, was made in a letter to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission posted online Friday. “Despite their best efforts, it now appears that Atlantic and (Dominion Energy Transmission Inc.) will be unable to complete the scheduled tree felling” in West Virginia, Virginia and North Carolina on time, the letter said. It seeks approval to continue cutting trees to clear the way for construction of the 600-mile (970-kilometer) natural gas pipeline until May 15, with certain exceptions. The proposed modification would still provide “equal or greater” environmental protection, the letter said.
Developers initially agreed to the tree-felling restrictions to protect migratory birds, and threatened and endangered species — two types of bats, in this case. The time restrictions vary from state to state but generally prohibit tree cutting between mid-March or early April through mid-September or mid-November. The earliest restriction to kick in was Virginia's migratory bird window, which started Thursday. Pipeline spokesperson Aaron Ruby said in an email that about 40 percent of the work in Virginia has been completed. Completing the tree felling within one season would limit “the amount and frequency of disturbance in the general area, benefiting landowners. Finally, failure to complete the tree felling will affect the 2018 construction season,” the letter said.
A presentation Dominion recently gave state environmental officials, obtained through a public records request and provided to The Associated Press, provides insight on the business impacts project delays would have. The presentation said that if “full mechanized construction” can't start until spring, there would be a $150 million to $200 million impact. If only partial construction is started by summer, there would be a $250 million to $350 million total impact, the presentation said. Finally, it said that if “we cannot start in time to ensure a full and efficient construction season and have to delay service by one year, the impact would be $1 billion.”
According to the letter, the proposed modification will be at least as environmentally protective as the initially agreed-to limits. “Biological monitors will survey all work sites before we begin any tree felling,” Ruby said. “If we find any bird nests, we'll place a protective buffer around them. All of the work will be closely monitored by state and federal inspectors.” But opponents said the request should be denied. “It would be unconscionable for FERC to allow Dominion to slide around an important protection merely for the company's convenience,” said David Sligh, conservation director for Wild Virginia, which is fighting the pipeline. “Too much destruction has already been caused. It must not be allowed to continue,” they said.
Separately Friday, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality issued a violation notice to the pipeline for conducting tree felling work in buffer areas intended to protect stream and wetlands crossings, in violation of state law. The notice covers self-reported violations on 15 separate sites resulting in an estimated 0.84 acres (0.34 hectares) in impact to wetlands and streams, according to a statement from the department. Ruby said immediate steps were taken to prevent such a violation from happening again, including halting all work on the project for three days “to determine the root cause and reinforce environmental compliance” with work crews. “We will have zero tolerance for regulatory non-compliance, and we have reinforced this policy with all employees and contractors associated with the project,” they said in an email.
President Trump is taunting the 30-year-old Democratic candidate seen as the leader in Tuesday's special election to fill a Georgia House seat, claiming Jon Ossoff is soft on crime and big on raising taxes.
“The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!” they tweeted Monday.
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
The long-distance razzing comes after Trump suggested over the weekend that the media were playing up the Georgia election just like they did with last week's special election in Kansas, “until the Republicans won.”
But unlike with the Kansas race last week, the Democrat is widely expected to lead the voting in Tuesday's contest in Georgia. Ossoff has benefited from the state's crowded “jungle primary,” in which 18 candidates are competing and Ossoff has managed to distinguish themselves among the Democrats. The goal of the 11 Republicans running is to prevent Ossoff from reaching a majority. If they can, Ossoff and the top GOP vote-getter would meet in a June 20 runoff.
The contest is being held for the seat once occupied by Tom Price, now Trump's secretary of Health and Human Services.
The 6th District contest has attracted widespread national interest – and funding – as Democrats try to turn it into a referendum on Trump.
Ossoff, a former congressional aide and investigative filmmaker, has played to that environment, focusing one recent ad on claims that Trump is acting “impulsively” and “could start an unnecessary war.”
The strategy is paying off. Ossoff has raised more than $8 million.
“Jon is being bankrolled by the most extreme liberals,” said Republican candidate Karen Handel, referring to Ossoff's fundraising haul. “No one is naive enough to think that they will not be beholden to those who are bankrolling him.”
For their part, Ossoff pledges to be an “independent voice” in Congress, and they defend their campaign as a grassroots success powered by small and medium donors.
The Republican leaders appear to be Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state; technology executive Bob Gray; and two former state senators, Dan Moody and Judson Hill — all of whom national Republicans say could defeat Ossoff in a second round.
Fox News' Griff Jenkins and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Hall of Fame Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski is stepping away from the team to have lower back surgery.
The school announced Monday that the procedure is scheduled for Friday, with an anticipated recovery time of four weeks. Associate head coach Jeff Capel will take over in Krzyzewski's absence, starting with a home game Wednesday night against Boston College.
Krzyzewski will have a fragment of a herniated disk removed. The school says Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery.
The winningest men's coach in Division I history had four surgeries during the offseason to replace their left knee, repair their left ankle and fix a hernia.
Capel previously took over for Krzyzewski when they missed the trip to Georgia Tech last February because of dehydration and high blood pressure.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104606","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1104606","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Ulster head coach Jono Gibbes describes Brian O'Driscoll's comment that the province are a 'basket case' as "irrelevant".
Gibbes looks ahead to Ulster's final game of of the regular Pro14 season against Munster at Thomond Park.
Ulster need to record a bonus-point win if they are to have any chance of making it into the play-offs.
BOSTON — The Boston Symphony Orchestra is returning to its seasonal home at Tanglewood.
Music director Andris Nelsons will conduct works by Mozart and Tchaikovsky as the renowned orchestra kicks off its 2018 outdoor season on Friday evening at the western Massachusetts venue.
Superstar pianist Lang Lang will play Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 24 in C minor.
This summer's season, which runs through Sept. 2, continues the BSO's yearlong homage to Leonard Bernstein.
The Massachusetts-born conductor and composer would have turned 100 on Aug. 25. They died in 1990 at age 72 in New York City.
Bernstein was a fixture at the annual summer music festival at Tanglewood for half a century.
A week ago, the Senate passed its tax bill, which featured large permanent cuts for corporations along with temporary tax breaks for individuals and private businesses. But the bill also contained significant last-minute changes, and experts are still working out its implications as the House and Senate prepare to negotiate a final deal. We talked to tax experts and looked at the latest independent analyses to game out some of the early winners and losers.
WINNERS
The rich
Despite the president's repeated claims to the contrary, the biggest gains in the tax bill go to wealthy individuals, heirs and business owners.
The Senate bill raises the threshold on the estate tax, which currently only applies to the top 0.2 percent of inheritances, and raises the income threshold on the top tax rate, which is also lowered from 39.6 percent to 38.5 percent. The rich are more likely to benefit from changes to pass-through income as well.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Senate passes Republican tax plan 2:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Overall, 62.2 percent of the Senate's tax benefits would go to the top 20 percent of households in 2019, according to an analysis by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, with 15.3 percent going to the top 1 percent. The share going to the top 1 percent would rise over time to 62.1 percent in 2027 as inflation reduces some middle-class benefits and temporary changes expire, although supporters claim they would be renewed.
Corporations
The crown jewel of the Senate bill, just like the House bill, is a major reduction in the top corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent.
Senate Republican leaders faced pressure to retreat from the 20 percent number in the run-up to final passage in order to preserve or add tax benefits elsewhere. The White House has since signaled it might be open to a higher 22 percent rate, but conservative anti-tax groups are pushing lawmakers hard to stick to 20 percent.
There are also potentially big benefits for companies with international holdings. Many corporations defer bringing profits from abroad back into the United States, since they avoid paying taxes on them until they do. The bill switches to a new territorial tax system in which the companies would have to pay taxes on foreign earnings, but at a much lower rate of 14.49 percent on liquid assets and 7.49 percent on revenue that's been reinvested.
That could be a boon for a company like Apple, which has major assets parked abroad. Richard Harvey, a tax professor at Villanova University who has testified before the Senate on Apple's tax affairs, estimates the tech giant would save $47 billion in taxes versus the cost of repatriating profits under current law. The estimate was first published in the Financial Times.
Other multinational corporations that stand to gain from the foreign tax changes under Harvey's calculations, which are based on company financial statements, include Pfizer, with $36 billion in potential savings; Microsoft, with $28 billion; and Google, with $15 billion.
People pass by the Google logo at the Web Summit in Lisbon, Portugal on Nov. 8, 2017. Patricia De Melo Moreira / AFP - Getty Images file
"There's also provisions to make it more difficult to shift income overseas…but the U.S. multinationals are still excited about the reduced corporate tax rate coupled with a territorial system," Harvey said in an interview. "The benefits significantly outweigh the others."
One potential downside for corporations in the Senate bill is that it both maintains the corporate alternative minimum tax and keeps it at the new corporate tax rate of 20 percent. The alternative minimum tax limits deductions and credits, and could affect tech companies in particular, since they make extensive use of the research and development credit. But the AMT provision appears to be an oversight caused by the Senate's last-minute drafting process and it's likely to be changed in any final bill.
Pass-through businesses
The bill creates a new 23 percent deduction for pass-through income, which affects many businesses ranging from small retail stores to large real estate companies like those owned by President Donald Trump. The deduction was expanded at the last minute under pressure from Republicans like Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc., who initially withheld support for the bill.
The biggest winners would be the wealthiest recipients. But the new deduction could also be a boon for independent contractors, S corporations, and LLC's that pull in under $500,000 for joint filers and $250,000 for single filers and would face looser restrictions on who can take the deduction.
This new pass-through deduction would also create a gigantic incentive for business and employees to reclassify their income to qualify for the benefit, which could lead to major legal battles over eligibility long into the future. That cuts against Republican promise to make filing taxes simpler.
"It would be trench warfare, and with every taxpayer," said Daniel Hemel, a professor at the University of Chicago. "If you can get into independent contractor status, then that's great. Your tax life will become more complicated, but your bill will go down."
LOSERS
Middle and low-income households
Loser is a relative term here. Almost all households would see a tax cut immediately if the Senate tax bill passed. Only 7 percent would see an increase in 2019, according to the Tax Policy Center analysis.
But the gains would be muted for the lower half of the income ladder — the bottom 20 percent of households would receive an average cut of just $40 in 2019. And they're dwarfed by the benefits for the richest households and corporations.
The effective tax rates would also increase over time if its benefits expire on schedule and the bill's switch to less generous inflation measures eat into gains. By 2027, 47.5 percent of all households would pay more in taxes than under current law, including 62.2 percent of taxpayers in the middle 20 percent of earners.
"Overall the vast majority of taxpayers will get a tax cut for a period of time," Harvey said. "Then the tax cut will disappear, the pass-through (cut) will disappear, and the corporate tax cuts will remain permanent."
Many lower-income households don't pay income tax already, meaning they would only benefit from tax breaks that are refundable against their payroll taxes. These are not a significant feature of the Senate tax bill. Sens. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Mike Lee, R-Utah, pushed to cut the corporate tax rate to 20.94 percent instead of 20 percent in order to make a greater portion of the bill's child tax credits refundable, but their amendment failed.
Deficit hawks
The lone GOP defection on the tax bill, Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., came over deficit concerns. While the White House and top GOP leaders claim the bill will produce enough growth to pay for itself, nonpartisan analyses inside and outside of government say it will add hundreds of billions of dollars in debt.
Ryan Clayton of Americans Take Action stands behind Senator Bob Corker during their stakeout on Capitol Hill on Oct. 24, 2017. NBC News
Congress' own Joint Committee on Taxation predicts it will add about $1 trillion to deficits over the next decade, even factoring in economic effects. That number could be understating the cost, since Republicans also say they plan to renew measures that expire under the bill, reducing its cost on paper. Some Republican senators pushed to include measures that would claw back some of the bill's benefits if the deficit grew more than expected, but discovered that Senate rules prevented them from including them.
Blue States
Like the House bill, the Senate tax bill helps pay for its cuts by limiting the deduction for state and local taxes to $10,000 of property taxes. Most Americans will take the standard deduction, which is increased under the tax bill to $12,000 for single filers and $24,000 for joint filers, so they won't notice the difference. But the most affected group are upper-middle class and high-income professionals in places with higher taxes and higher cost of living, which disproportionately includes residents in blue states like New York, New Jersey and California.
Unions and social services
Related to the state and local tax deduction change, public service unions could lose out as the bill reduces incentives for state and local governments to spend. This could also affect lower-income residents in high-tax states even if they don't pay more in taxes, since it could put pressure on state governments to cut spending on social services.
Obamacare
The bill eliminates the individual mandate, which requires Americans who go without insurance to pay a penalty. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the move would save $338 billion, which is used in the bill to finance its corporate and individual cuts. But that's because the CBO also predicts 13 million fewer people would have insurance after 10 years, and many of them would leave benefits from health care subsidies or Medicaid on the table. In addition, the move would raise premiums by 10 percent on individual plans.
A key GOP vote, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, backed the measure under the condition that the Senate also pass a bipartisan bill to help stabilize insurance markets. But the House and the White House have so far shown no interest in including the measure, putting their vote on a final bill in doubt, and experts are skeptical it would counteract the disruption caused by the mandate changes.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
Image copyright Family picture Image caption Louis-Ryan Menezes died from a stab wound to the chest
A fourth arrest has been made after a teenager was stabbed to death.
Louis-Ryan Menezes, 17, was attacked on Drayton Walk in Kingsthorpe, Northampton, on Friday.
A 17-year-old boy from Northampton was arrested on Wednesday after a 16-year-old boy, a 34-year-old woman from the town and a man, 37, from London were detained on Tuesday.
Officers have not disclosed the grounds for the arrests but confirmed they were connected to Mr Menezes' death.
Northamptonshire Police said Tuesday night's arrestees were not the same three people held and released without charge over the weekend.
A post-mortem examination found Mr Menezes, from nearby Rothwell, died from a stab wound to the chest.
Detectives have also renewed an appeal for anyone who was in the Eastern Avenue North or Newnham Road areas between 18:00 BST and 19:00 BST on Friday to contact them.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa (AP) Sri Lanka won the toss and elected to bowl first in the second cricket test against South Africa at Newlands on Monday.
With overcast conditions and a green tinge on the pitch, captain Angelo Mathews gave their seam bowlers the opportunity to put the visitors back in the series following Sri Lanka's 206-run loss in the first test.
Sri Lanka made two changes to the XI with batsman Kusal Perera replaced by Upul Tharanga, and 19-year-old fast bowler Lahiru Kumara drafted in for Dushmantha Chameera.
South Africa retained an unchanged lineup as it sought to take an unassailable lead in the three-match series.
Lineups:
South Africa: Stephen Cook, Dean Elgar, Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Faf du Plessis (captain), Temba Bavuma, Quinton de Kock, Vernon Philander, Keshav Maharaj, Kyle Abbott, Kagiso Rabada.
Sri Lanka: Dimuth Karunaratne, Kaushal Silva, Upul Tharanga, Kusal Mendis, Angelo Mathews (captain), Dinesh Chandimal, Dhananjaya de Silva, Rangana Herath, Suranga Lakmal, Nuwan Pradeep, Lahiru Kumara.
As clashes between government forces and protesters on Venezuela's streets enter a third month, a group of medical students and young doctors in the capital are risking their lives to offer first aid to those on the front lines.
The "Cascos Blancos, Cruces Verdes," also known as the Green Helmets or Green Cross, was founded by three medical students during the first wave of heavy protesting against President Nicolás Maduro back in 2014. It went dormant after those protests ended.
But in late March, the Venezuelan Supreme Court Justices issued a sentence dissolving the opposition-controlled National Assembly, sparking a new wave of unrest.
“Two of us went on our own to the first march right after the Supreme Court decision,” Federica Dávila told NBC News. “We ran into each other and we realized that there was a need for medical assistance. We started going out again to assist protesters and the national guard.”
Dávila, 23, one of the founders of the Green Helmets and a fourth-year medical student from the Central University of Venezuela (UCV), said their idea went viral. “Doctors with specialties started to join. In 2014, there were four of us; now there are 200 of us. About 100 medical students, 100 doctors, some firefighters and even dentists,” Dávila said.
A Green Helmets volunteer keeps watch during clashes between protesters and security forces in Caracas, Venezuela. Carlos P. Beltran
Wearing scrubs, backpacks, walkie-talkies and their white helmets with green crosses, these volunteers go out every day there is a protest in Caracas. They have set up a system that works like emergency units during a natural disaster, divided into three zones: red, orange and green.
They give first aid to those at the front of the protest — that is usually the red zone. Then other volunteers transport people in motorcycles or cars to the orange and green zones, depending on the severity of their injuries. If required, the wounded are transported to a nearby hospital.
“The dynamic of the protests is such that the green zone [the safest one] can rapidly transform into a red zone,” said Dávila.
RELATED: Venezuela Protests and Economic Crisis: What is Going On?
Most of the injured are suffering from respiratory issues from the constant exposure to the tear gas used by the National Guard and the National Police. In more recent weeks, security forces started to intensify their response against protesters under orders of the Maduro government. The Green Helmets have started to see more cases of people hurt by projectiles or tear gas canisters that are shot directly at protesters.
Venezuela is in the middle of one of the worst economic crises of its history, with a staggering inflation rate that rose to 128 percent in May, according to the National Assembly. The country is also struggling with a humanitarian crisis due to the massive shortages of food and medicines. Many Venezuelans don't eat three meals a day and some die due to starvation or lack of the proper medicine.
RELATED: Venezuela: Maduro Says Children Should Not Be Part of Violent Protests
“The support we have received nationally as well as internationally has been phenomenal,” explained José Di Giorgio, 38, a gastroenterologist who volunteers with the Green Helmets. “A lot of the times we are walking down the street and people hand you a baggy with some gauze and peroxide,” they said.
The group receives medicine and supplies from across the country and nations as far away as Africa, but especially Latin American countries including Mexico, Argentina, Peru, Colombia and Chile.
Both Dávila and Di Giorgio describe their work with the Green Helmets as a duty and a calling.
“One of the reasons I came back from Spain is because you always miss your country. To Venezuelans, Venezuela is the best country of the world,” said Di Giorgio. “It was this feeling of wanting to help others, and the necessity to do a little more for your country.”
The country's political crisis has many divided along party lines, tensions are running high, and nowadays for some, every day is a struggle for survival.
“But we are impartial, our job is to mend people who get hurt,” Di Giorgio said. “Every day before going out we come close to the security forces and we tell them we are there if they need our help. The problem is that most of the time they don't want our help.”
Opposition activists use makeshift shields as they clash with the police during the "Towards Victory" protest against the government of President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas on June 10, 2017. Federico Parra / AFP - Getty Images
As the protests continue throughout the country, so does the need for the work of the Green Helmets. So far, they have shared their mission, structure and vision with other volunteer first-aid teams in 11 cities around the country.
“These young students, I am in awe and pleased with the commitment they have to this cause… they are there every day and they don't rest,” noted Di Giorgio. “Even though I am older than most of them, it is contagious, their energy.”
Members of the Green Helmets say they will continue on the streets as long as there is a need for their services. Their hope in the future is that they can grow into a natural disaster response team, perhaps even in collaboration with the government, regardless of who sits as president.
Follow NBC News Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
I still visibly flinch when I think about the day after the election. Like many others at Brown, I was simultaneously numb and furious. But the worst moment of the day wasn't when I heard that former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had unexpectedly lost Florida, or when I saw the New York Times alert on my phone announcing President Trump's victory, or even when I forced myself to sit through Clinton's heartbreaking concession speech. It was heading down to the State House that morning for my part-time internship, knowing all the while that our government would never be the same.
That day, for the first time since I arrived in Providence, the sight of the State House dome didn't fill me with adrenaline; I walked down the historic hallways feeling claustrophobic and disillusioned. The prospect of a government job had lost its charm, and all I wanted to do was run in the other direction. But a couple of hours later, I heard my coworkers comforting each other: “It's moments like these that remind us why we do what we do. Because in four years, we're still going to be here and our work is still going to matter.” And then, someone else told me a few days later: “You're too young to be this jaded. We need our young workers to stay passionate and engaged for the future.”
In the months since the election, these ideas have been echoed time and time again, often as trite platitudes before a barrage of doomsday predictions about the Trump administration. Yet, there was something about these moments — and frankly, my emotional vulnerability in the days following the election — that kept the words at the forefront of my mind.
It might be a cliche, it might be overused, but it is true nonetheless: Now more than ever, it is vital that millennials who care about government and public service find their way into those sectors. Evidence suggests that our generation is one of the most service-minded, diverse and progressive. We're more willing to catalyze large-scale change, and more likely to believe in the importance of government work as a whole.
Unfortunately, we are also part of the generation least likely to pursue public service. Even before the election of Trump, younger workers were less than thrilled by the prospect of a government-related job. The percentage of the federal workforce under 30 dropped by 7 percent over the course of 2014, resulting in the lowest under-30 federal employment rate in over a decade. In 2015, millennials made up just 24.5 percent of government employees, as opposed to 33.7 percent of the corporate world. More significantly, we simply don't see government as the best venue for substantial change anymore.
There is not enough data to assess the federal government's generational makeup under Trump. Yet, given that just 37 percent of young voters voted for Trump, it is safe to say that many millennials who would have pursued jobs in government are having second thoughts. These misgivings actually seem to permeate partisan lines: After conservative experts criticized Trump's credentials during the campaign, many young Republicans are also doubtful about working in the public sector. Trump's budget cuts could also further reduce millennial employment in all levels of government and government-funded organizations, dissuading many from even considering these positions.
These considerations have been prevalent at Brown: Many students are rethinking their entire career plans in light of the election, wondering if they would be able to make a difference in the political arena or if they would just be complicit. Since November, I have heard many friends — people who have spent years believing they were going to work in politics — articulate how they have given up on government and policy altogether. Now, I can understand wanting to avoid the federal government at all costs: Many of us would find it difficult, if not impossible, to stomach the idea of working under a Trump administration and implementing their capricious policies. But state and local governments, non-profit organizations, campaigns, research institutions and many others are all contributing in their own way to the movement against regressive policies. Many of them are simultaneously expanding their employee base to respond to the unique challenges of the current presidency. Their work — in a period of unforeseen adversity and frustration — holds the Trump administration accountable and ensures that in four years, the (hopefully) new administration will have the platform and tools to pick up the pieces. We can't let the skills and experience needed to oversee the reestablishment and growth of progressive policies lapse over the next four years.
As Brown students — particularly those concentrating in the social sciences — increasingly re-evaluate their career choices in the wake of the election, it is understandable that the public sector might not hold the appeal that it once did. But we shouldn't abandon it just yet. There are many other venues to enact governmental change in the long term, and there's no better time to do it. Progress is, after all, more than just immediate change.
Mili Mitra '18 can be reached at mili_mitra@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and other op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
NEW DELHI: An Indian military helicopter crashed in a disputed area near the border with China on Friday, killing five troops and injuring a sixth, an Air Force officer said.
The Russian-made MI-17 helicopter was on a training sortie in the mountainous district of Tawang near the border with Tibet when it crashed, the officer said.
It was not immediately clear what caused the collision.
“Five personnel have died and one is critically injured. Manpower and machines are on job to retrieve bodies and injured,” the officer told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Tawang is in the northeast Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, which is also claimed by China.
It is a strategically important border district and came briefly under Chinese control during the 1962 war between the two neighboring countries.
India's Air Force has a high rate of crashes owing to its aging fleet. More than 170 pilots have lost their lives over the last three decades.
India is spending billions of dollars to modernize its decades-old fleet.
NEW DELHI: An Indian military helicopter crashed in a disputed area near the border with China on Friday, killing five troops and injuring a sixth, an Air Force officer said.
The Russian-made MI-17 helicopter was on a training sortie in the mountainous district of Tawang near the border with Tibet when it crashed, the officer said.
It was not immediately clear what caused the collision.
“Five personnel have died and one is critically injured. Manpower and machines are on job to retrieve bodies and injured,” the officer told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Tawang is in the northeast Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, which is also claimed by China.
It is a strategically important border district and came briefly under Chinese control during the 1962 war between the two neighboring countries.
India's Air Force has a high rate of crashes owing to its aging fleet. More than 170 pilots have lost their lives over the last three decades.
India is spending billions of dollars to modernize its decades-old fleet.
Five people have been killed after a small plane crashed into a Lidl supermarket car park near Lisbon in Portugal.
All four crew members were killed in the crash, as well as one man on the ground.
The light aircraft is believed to have exploded in mid-air before crashing near the supermarket warehouse shortly after midday.
The plane went down in a residential area, about 150m from a school.
The aircraft fell onto a lorry in the car park below causing it to catch fire and killing the driver who was unloading goods at the supermarket's rear cargo bay.
Operational commander Miguel Cruz said those killed are the Swiss pilot, three French passengers on the plane and a Portuguese truck driver.
Four people inside the supermarket doing their shopping at the time were also treated for shock and smoke inhalation.
Related stories…
One nearby house was also blackened by smoke.
The scene of the accident was attended by 50 rescue workers, and around 36 firefighting vehicles.
The plane had taken off from Tires aerodrome – which is used mainly by private aircraft and situated about 12m (20km) west of the Portuguese capital – shortly before the crash.
Read more from SkyNews.
A closer look at TIPs
Jerry Norton, Vice President, Financial Services, CGI, talks about the ECB's planned new settlement service TIPS, what this is designed to offer, why it is controversial, and the market's reaction so far.
When I think of autism, I think of a pernicious disorder that doesn't discriminate. It doesn't care if you're White, Black, Asian or Hispanic, autism hits all racial and ethnic groups the same—an indiscriminate disorder that impacts thousands of families each year.
And the number of cases diagnosed each year is growing exponentially. In the 1970s and 1980s, about one of every 2,000 children was diagnosed with autism. Today, that number is about one in 64, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
Despite the mushrooming number, there is an alarming lack of awareness when it comes to African Americans with the disorder. Police officers, who may encounter a black person with autism on the street, are woefully unprepared to handle such encounters, and physicians, surprisingly, have a hard time even diagnosing autism in black children.
According to the CDC, while many children are diagnosed with autism at around 2 years old, researchers have determined that African-American children may be diagnosed as much as 18 to 24 months later. The research shows that even when Black parents suspect a problem early on and take their child to a pediatrician, their concerns are far too often brushed aside; parents are cavalierly told things such as "their child will be fine," or that they or they are just a "late bloomer."
Areva Martin, civil rights attorney and founder of Special Needs Network. Areva Martin
The harm caused by a late diagnosis cannot be overstated. Clinical research shows the first two years of a child's life are a crucial stage in brain development where children are learning many of their basic social and language skills, such as engaging in conversations and play. In studies, early intervention has shown to ameliorate the effects of autism. But not only are African American children diagnosed with autism later than their white peers, they are also referred to specialists less often and are less likely to receive medical tests. And even when these children are seen by healthcare professionals, they are often misdiagnosed as having another condition, such as ADHD or a conduct disorder. These systemic biases manifest themselves in other agencies and systems of care as well.
Related: Dr. Hadiyah Green Wants to Use Lasers to Kill Cancer Cells
All of which points to a larger problem: autism is mostly seen as a white disease. Nearly all genetic research on autism involves Caucasian children, and one is hard pressed to even find studies that include African-American children. The lack of research leaves many parents at a loss when seeking treatment options and securing interventions that are culturally relevant and appropriate to meet their child's unique needs.
With a lack of studies existing on Black children with autism, and with very little awareness in society overall on how this disorder impacts black families and individuals, it's little wonder that the law enforcement community has almost no understanding on how to interact with our young people on the autism spectrum, creating opportunities for potentially dangerous encounters. I recently witnessed this lack of sensitivity first-hand.
As the founder of the Special Needs Network, a lot of my work involves helping families with children on the autism spectrum, with a focus on families in underserved communities. And not too long ago, I received an urgent call from the parents of a 15-year-old African American teen named Jaylan Milek Lewis. Jaylen, who has autism, had suddenly gone missing from their family's home, and their parents were at their wits ends searching for him. Their mother personally went into their local sheriff's department to file a missing person report and to seek assistance in searching for him.
Related: The Urgent Need for Black Bone Marrow Donors
After more than 3 days, nothing had been done to find Jaylan beyond taking a report. Their case had slipped through the proverbial "cracks." It took a full court press by my team at Special Needs Network, a host of concerned parents, news reporters and even celebrities like Whoopi Goldberg, Kym Whitley, Amy Schumer and Sherry Shephard—who took to Twitter to circulate their photograph—to convince law enforcement to elevate the tactics used to search for Jaylen. After two press conferences, extensive media coverage, and organized searches, Jaylen was safely returned to their home. For 5 harrowing days they were separated from their family. We later learned, they spent several nights in random homeless shelters. Sadly, Jaylen even spent a day sleeping on the streets of Los Angeles.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inspiring America: Julia, an Autistic Muppet, Makes Them TV Debut 1:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Law enforcement wasn't callous or uncaring about Jaylen, or the extreme distress their family experienced during this ordeal. They simply don't understand our kids. They simply didn't know that children with autism are more prone to wander away from home or school; and that many are unable to communicate their name or address. They don't understand how our children from outward appearances seem normal, but at the same time suffer from severe social and emotional deficits. Police don't understand that our children have trouble accessing danger, and when a special needs teen goes missing, they don't see the potential for tragedy. Lastly, law enforcement didn't know that finding kids on the spectrum requires unique training and specialized techniques.
Jaylen's story is indicative of the lack of understanding in general when it comes to autism. This gets magnified in the African American community where racial and even class biases often play a role in how families are treated by law enforcement and other agencies. In Jaylen's case, one can't help but wonder if law enforcement would have had a greater sense of urgency if Jaylen were White or affluent?
Related: Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
During National Autism Awareness Month, we have an opportunity as a nation to highlight stories like Jaylen's and to have critical conversations about ending disparities in diagnosis and treatment of African American kids on the spectrum. Acceptance and awareness are key, but there also needs to be more federal and local dollars directed to clinical research that's specifically dedicated to African American children.
There needs to be more access to healthcare, specialized tutors, therapy and training in the law enforcement community. And above all, there needs to be a greater awareness and sensitivity to African American children on the spectrum, and their families, because just like their white peers black children with autism deserve to live the best lives possible.
Areva Martin, Esq. is a civil Rights Attorney and founder of Special Needs Network and mother of a teen on the Spectrum.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
FILE - In this May 10, 2018 file photo, women carry a banner calling attention to the cases of people who have gone missing in the fight against drug cartels and organized crime, demanding authorities locate their loved ones, as they mark Mother's Day in Mexico City. According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Mexico's Tamaulipas state alone since 2006, more than any other state. Eduardo Verdugo, File AP Photo
Allen Bertram said they didn't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he's paying the price.
"Everything I love is gone," the man, who lives in Lanipuna Gardens, told WGN-TV.
They said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated their neighborhood — and they didn't flee their house until they saw "a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour."
Bertram opened their door, they told WGN-TV, and lava flowed in.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that they "didn't have time to grab anything," so they made it out of their house with just the clothes on their back and their beloved dog by their side. Betram said they had to scale a fence to make it to their neighbors' garage, which they used as refuge, but their dog bit them and ran away when they threw the pup over the barrier.
They never saw their dog again, they told ABC.
"I try not to think about him," they said. "He's more important than the house.
"He can't be replaced."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii, which has been erupting for more than 20 days. New York TimesPierre Taylor
In their interview with WGN-TV, the man said they managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while they were "surrounded by lava" for 12 days inside. Eventually, Bertram said they devised a plan to escape.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag," they told the TV station. "I was praying that I was going to get rescued."
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted them to safety Saturday, they told ABC, but there was little to rejoice in.
"I didn't gain anything in staying," they said. "I could have clean clothes, medication — this opened my eyes big time."
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a "lava bomb" — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit them on their third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of their leg.
According to CBS, 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3. Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate.
"Kind of disturbingly, some people just refused to leave," Magno told CBS. "We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued. Their only way out was through their back door and through the forest."
CLEMSON — A Clemson University researcher is letting their fingers do the talking with a new project that could lead to more realistic hand movements for animated movies, video games and a range of virtual reality simulations.
Sophie Joerg is leading five years of research aimed at finding new ways to make hands and fingers come to life on the screen. It currently is a tedious and time-intensive task and they plan to design algorithms that will automate the work.
The idea for their research came from their experience as an animator on the German TV series “Dragon's Rock.” Joerg is doing the research as part of a $497,158 CAREER award from the National Science Foundation.
“We are reaching a point in computer graphics where awe-inspiring worlds and characters can be created,” Joerg said. “However, the processes involve an astonishing amount of manual work. Now is the time to develop more rigorous methods to create better algorithms at a faster pace.”
With their project, Joerg is joining a legion of researchers around the world who are chipping away at the technical challenges holding back virtual reality, even as falling hardware prices make it more affordable.
Them research could help professional animators make movies, games and learning simulations. It could also lead the way to hand motions for sign-language avatars and help hobbyists create avatars at home on motion-capture systems, such as the Kinect.
Further, Joerg's research could answer some of the animation industry's most basic questions about the importance of finger movements in making characters realistic.
Hand movements may be taken for granted, but they are crucial in making an animated or virtual world seem real. They help communicate information and conduct basic tasks, such as eating, writing and handling tools.
But their small size and complexity make it difficult to recreate them for the screen, Joerg said.
It is hard to measure hands with a motion-capture system and gaps are left in the data. For example, if you have sensors on your hands and fold your arms, some of those sensors are covered. The animator then has to go through the laborious task of manually filling in the gaps.
Joerg, an assistant professor in the School of Computing, hopes to change all that.
“The idea is to create a database of motions and find ways to reuse pieces of the motions over and over again,” Joerg said. “We want to automatically say, ‘Let's take a half second from this motion, and then combine it with a half second from that motion.' That's the basic approach I want to use to synthesize motion automatically.”
The algorithm would choose which motions to pluck from the database to create the desired movement.
Joerg said they got the idea for the research while helping animate “Dragon's Rock” when they were an undergraduate at the Hamburg University of Applied Sciences.
The sensor-covered gloves the team used to create the characters' hand motions kept breaking.
“Every now and then, we would not have any CyberGloves or we would have only one,” Joerg said. “We would use one hand and plot it onto the motion of the other hand. We only had a limited amount of time to work on them, so we often would not manage to fix those errors in post-processing.”
Joerg noticed that when the producers saw a show's near-final cut, they never complained about the hand motions. But in every scene they wanted changes, there were problems with the hands.
“My assumption is that in many cases people do not notice something wrong with the finger motions,” Joerg said. “But you're so used to interpreting those subtle motions, that they still affect what you're thinking.”
Joerg hopes that their research will help answer some of the key questions that their experience raised: If you see a virtual character and the hand or finger motions are incorrect, how important is that in the first place? Is it better to have no finger motion at all than to have wrong finger motions?
What makes Joerg's research unique is that they have expertise in animating characters and studying how they are perceived, which are two separate but interconnected fields. They plan to conduct perceptual experiments and use the results to guide development of the new algorithms.
Eileen Kraemer, the C. Tycho Howle Director of the School of Computing, said that Joerg's award is a reflection of their hard work and creative approach.
“The CAREER award places Dr. Joerg among the top junior faculty members in the country,” Kraemer said. “It's a well-deserved honor. They have a strong and impressive vision for their research and a compelling educational plan.”
As part of their award, Joerg plans to use their research to enhance their work at R.C. Edwards Middle School in Central.
They have been working with a team of other researchers to teach computational thinking to students with VENVI, or Virtual Environment Interactions. The program is also aimed at shattering stereotypes by showing students that computer science researchers include women and minorities.
Back on campus, Joerg plans to offer summer research experiences for minority students through the NSF-supported Distributed Research Experiences for Undergraduates. To help recruit and retain people from underrepresented groups, they plan to create an inclusive and welcoming lab and classroom.
Further, Joerg plans to reach out to undergraduate honors students and integrate them into their team with master's students.  They are also developing a course for graduate students that tightly couples motion perception and character animation algorithms.
Congratulations on the award came from across campus, including from Anand Gramopadhye, dean of the College of Engineering, Computing and Applied Sciences.
“This is one of the NSF's most prestigious awards in support of junior faculty who exemplify the role of teacher-scholar,” Gramopadhye said. “The award is richly deserved and a testament to the high caliber of research they are doing and the exceptional education experience they are offering to students.”
Sophie Joerg, second from the left, is an assistant professor in the Visual Computing division of the School of Computer Science at Clemson University. Them research interests are in computer graphics, specifically character animation and perception. Here, they guide students as they work with a motion-capture system in McAdams Hall. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_cufingeranimation.jpg Sophie Joerg, second from the left, is an assistant professor in the Visual Computing division of the School of Computer Science at Clemson University. Them research interests are in computer graphics, specifically character animation and perception. Here, they guide students as they work with a motion-capture system in McAdams Hall. Courtesy photo
By Paul Alongi For The Sentinel-Progress
Paul Alongi works in the College of Engineering, Computing and Applied Sciences, at Clemson University.
Paul Alongi works in the College of Engineering, Computing and Applied Sciences, at Clemson University.
Sounds of the Mountains storytelling festival returns
| By
Most people like a good story – and some especially good storytellers will draw a crowd to Fincastle this weekend for “Sounds of the Mountains” – more from WFIR's Gene Marrano:
4-24 Storytelling Wrap#1-WEB
There's a right way to pronounce “verbiage,” and there's a wrong way.
For once, Karson could pronounce it correctly, but their family couldn't.
Listen above to find out how Karson's been adjusting to their sister-in-law moving in!
Join the conversation! Share your opinion on this story with Karson & Kennedy on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
The SEC's complaint alleges Ying used confidential information to determine Equifax had suffered a massive data breach. After realizing the risk to the company, they exercised all their vested Equifax stock options and immediately sold the stock, receiving over $950,000 in proceeds, the SEC said.
The SEC said it determined Ying avoided more than $117,000 in losses by selling the stock before Equifax announced publicly on Sept. 7 that the personal information of nearly 150 million Americans had been compromised.
The hack could turn out to be the most costly in corporate history.
The SEC said it is seeking disgorgement of ill-gotten gains by Ying as well as interest, penalties and injunctive relief.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
JJ Watt sends funny tweet after brother TJ officially signs with Steelers
There are now officially three Watt brothers in the NFL, and the eldest one is thrilled at what that means.
Rookie linebacker T.J. Watt, who was taken by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the first round of this year's draft, officially signed with the team on Wednesday.
In reaction to the news, Watt's older brother J.J., the four-time All-Pro defensive end for the Houston Texans, posted this funny tweet.
Your turn to buy dinner. https://t.co/h7h0QEKpqD — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) June 14, 2017
The middle brother of the Watt family, Derek, is also in the NFL, playing as a fullback for the Los Angeles Chargers.
For J.J., who actually has a fairly underrated Twitter game, they probably cover most of the family dinners with their $100 million contract, so this has to be a very welcome development for him.
1:33 First Baby of 2017 Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs Pause
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
GARDAI in Limerick have renewed an appeal for information about an assault which happened in the city centre.
A young man was injured when they were struck in the face and shoulder during an incident outside a pub at Carr Street at around 11pm on June 4, last.
The victim sustained some bruising and experienced discomfort as a result of being struck, gardai said.
Gardai at Henry Street station are investigating the incident and anyone who witnessed what happened or who has information is asked to contact them at (061) 212400.
Alabama School for the Deaf
AHSAA: Boys 1A Varsity Football: Other
–
Vina High School
AHSAA: Boys 1A Varsity Football: Region 8
–
7:00 PM CDT
Like a lot of runners, Wallaceburg's Joe Perry struggled with the unseasonable heat at the Boston Marathon on Monday.
Perry, 48, finished in three hours 54 minutes and 57 seconds, which was slower than Perry's personal best of three hours and 19 minutes.
Temperatures were in the mid-20s, plus the sun was out for most of the race.
Wayne Newcombe of Blenheim was the fastest local runner at the Boston Marathon on Monday.
Newcombe, 43, completed the 26.2-mile course in three hours one minute 52 seconds.
Caen Suni, 37, of Chatham had a time of 3:33.13. Chatham's Steve Moore, 48, and Krista Cranston, 36, each finished in 3:35.39.
Jeni Powell, 57, of Chatham crossed the finish line in 4:38.33.
De Blasio decides if Texas or Brooklyn has the best BBQ Mayor de Blasio has taken a position in the heated debate over whether Brooklyn or Texas produces better barbecue — on the side of Texas. During the South by Southwest...
Red state lawmakers are not happy with this hipster BBQ joint Forget gun safety laws, a potential trade war, Russian meddling and North Korean nukes — some Red State lawmakers are more fired up over a food blog that proclaimed barbecue...
South Korea's oldest barbecue company coming to NYC The premier brand of South Korea's largest and oldest restaurant company, famed for table-top barbecue cooking, is coming to Manhattan's Koreatown. Sam Won Garden Artisanal Korean Barbecue has signed a...
Mighty Quinn's BBQ opens new Midtown outpost Mighty Quinn's BBQ, from pitmaster/partner Hugh Mangum, has opened another outpost at 1407 Broadway, between 38th and 39th Streets. The eatery seats 30 people, with a high-top butcher table situated...
The 28 best BBQ restaurants in America Few native food traditions are as robust as America's obsession with barbecue: highly seasoned, long-smoked meats that arrive on the plate tender, juicy and irresistible. BBQ has its roots in...
Americans are eating more meat on the 4th of July What is the Fourth of July without hamburgers and barbecued chicken? Americans stocked up on plenty of meats in the two weeks before Independence Day last year, according to market-research...
Two shot while leaving BBQ in Bronx park Two people were shot Sunday during a large fight that started as people were leaving a Bronx park where several cookouts were wrapping up, police sources said. The gunfire erupted...
College students post Craigslist ad for a generic 'BBQ Dad' Nobody operates a grill like a beer-guzzling, lawn-care-loving, middle-aged dad: So say a group of 20somethings in Washington state. College student Dane Anderson and their roommates in Spokane, Wash., recently...
Queens BBQ hotspot to open Lower East Side location A barbecue bar on the Lower East Side promises to give foodies a taste of different BBQ styles when it opens on May 10 at 146 Orchard Street. Butcher Bar...
Louisville food truck operators could see improved access for this year's Shakespeare In The Park productions at Central Park in Old Louisville. (Source: WAVE 3 News file photo)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A historic Louisville park may be getting a few additions that could help some local business owners.
Central Park in Old Louisville is home to Shakespeare in the Park, the longest-running free Shakespeare festival in the U.S.
But the park's configuration is making it tough on some vendors. Organizers and some city leaders want to build a concrete ramp connector near the back of the park.
As the plays of Shakespeare come alive each summer, food trucks look effortlessly placed in the green space, but those who drive them said it can be a comedy of errors to get them there.
"Sometimes, it'll take me 30 minutes to maneuver this big rig around in the park to get situated where I need to be situated to serve," Michele Metcalf, the operator of Lexie Lu's food truck, said.
So, Kentucky Shakespeare, the Old Louisville Neighborhood Council and others are working together to make things a little easier for food truck owners.
"We need that income in the park to continue to keep it free," Matt Wallace, Producing Artistic Director at Kentucky Shakespeare, said.
Wallace added that funds from food truck donations help fund the events put on by the organization. Organizers and some city leaders have proposed building a ramp in the back of the park, over concrete stones, to allow trucks to get in easier.
OLNC Chair Deborah Stewart said some in the neighborhood are concerned the paved connector would damage the environment, adding that some have voiced objection to having trucks on park grounds at all.
"This isn't going to be an invitation for everyone to drive in the park," Wallace said. "This is a very special circumstance and it would be locked."
Metcalf, who said they were one of the first to attend Shakespeare in the Park as a food truck vendor, is happy to hear about the proposal.
"I'm very excited," Metcalf said. "That's awesome."
A member of the Central Park West Neighborhood Association said they fully support improvements, but would be upset if new construction threatens conservation efforts.
"It's important to have these conversations with all of the parties involved to make sure it works for everyone in a way that's taking care of our park," Wallace said.
Members of the Old Louisville Neighborhood Council Property Improvement Committee were planning to meet Monday night to discuss the proposal.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
The American President via imdb.com Aaron Sorkin wrote this romance, and it features their signature fast-paced banter and ideological speeches in full force. Michael Douglas plays a widowed president. So obviously this is going to be a love story because they need to start dating. Annette Bening shows up as a lobbyist minx who wins their heart in this wholesome romantic comedy set against a backdrop of political intrigue and ballrooms. Martin Sheen is on hand as the president's Chief of Staff, and their performance is a warm-up for playing President Bartlet on television in The West Wing—another talky drama written by Sorkin. Aaron Sorkin wrote this romance, and it features their signature fast-paced banter and ideological speeches in full force. Michael Douglas plays a widowed president. So obviously this is going to be a love story because they need to start dating. Annette Bening shows up as a lobbyist minx who wins their heart in this wholesome romantic comedy set against a backdrop of political intrigue and ballrooms. Martin Sheen is on hand as the president's Chief of Staff, and their performance is a warm-up for playing President Bartlet on television in The West Wing—another talky drama written by Sorkin.
Air Force One via imdb.com Harrison Ford plays the U.S. President as an action hero with their charismatic furrowed brow and Han Solo-ish verve. The plot revolves around some hijackers who take over the famed presidential airplane. Gary Oldman disguises themselves as a reporter to get on board, and then steals their scenes because he's really the crazed terrorist in charge of the mayhem. Glenn Close rocks as the vice prez running things on the ground. But with Ford as the president, you know their hero skill set will shut down the villainy! Here are more Harrison Ford plays the U.S. President as an action hero with their charismatic furrowed brow and Han Solo-ish verve. The plot revolves around some hijackers who take over the famed presidential airplane. Gary Oldman disguises themselves as a reporter to get on board, and then steals their scenes because he's really the crazed terrorist in charge of the mayhem. Glenn Close rocks as the vice prez running things on the ground. But with Ford as the president, you know their hero skill set will shut down the villainy! Here are more great movies to watch on Veteran's Day
Lincoln via imdb.com Steven Spielberg's epic history tale stars Daniel Day-Lewis as the famous orator in the final months of their noteworthy life. Day-Lewis won a Best Actor Oscar for their studied performance as one of America's greatest presidents. This acclaimed drama follows Lincoln's efforts to secure the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment, abolishing slavery, in the aftermath of the Civil War. Sally Field plays Mary Todd Lincoln, and Tommy Lee Jones earned a Supporting Actor nomination for their role as an abolitionist member of congress. Check out the Steven Spielberg's epic history tale stars Daniel Day-Lewis as the famous orator in the final months of their noteworthy life. Day-Lewis won a Best Actor Oscar for their studied performance as one of America's greatest presidents. This acclaimed drama follows Lincoln's efforts to secure the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment, abolishing slavery, in the aftermath of the Civil War. Sally Field plays Mary Todd Lincoln, and Tommy Lee Jones earned a Supporting Actor nomination for their role as an abolitionist member of congress. Check out the most iconic films set in each state
Content continues below ad
Southside With You via imdb.com This acclaimed drama follows young Barack Obama on their first date with Michelle, and stars Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter as the dynamic duo. Michelle is reluctant to date their law firm's summer associate, but we're all glad they agreed. The two attend a political meeting where they first notice Obama's inspiring gift for oration. The two talk all day before ending up at a screening of Do the Right Thing. The film gives you a window into the heart of America's former first couple. They're smart, hardworking, idealistic, and falling in love. These are the acclaimed drama follows young Barack Obama on their first date with Michelle, and stars Parker Sawyers and Tika Sumpter as the dynamic duo. Michelle is reluctant to date their law firm's summer associate, but we're all glad they agreed. The two attend a political meeting where they first notice Obama's inspiring gift for oration. The two talk all day before ending up at a screening of Do the Right Thing. The film gives you a window into the heart of America's former first couple. They're smart, hardworking, idealistic, and falling in love. These are the most romantic movies of all time
Dave via imdb.com Kevin Kline is a delight as a president look-a-like who gets tapped to take over while the real president is indisposed. White House handlers think it's a good idea to swap in a body double until the real president comes out of their coma. But their plan has to stay secret. Then Kline starts creating their own policy and healing marred relationships. Next they get First Lady Sigourney Weaver to fall back in love with him, but she's pretty mad when they figure out he's not their actual husband. This disastrous plan leads to a charming movie about the presidency, politics, and what makes a good man. Kevin Kline is a delight as a president look-a-like who gets tapped to take over while the real president is indisposed. White House handlers think it's a good idea to swap in a body double until the real president comes out of their coma. But their plan has to stay secret. Then Kline starts creating their own policy and healing marred relationships. Next they get First Lady Sigourney Weaver to fall back in love with him, but she's pretty mad when they figure out he's not their actual husband. This disastrous plan leads to a charming movie about the presidency, politics, and what makes a good man.
The Contender via imdb.com Joan Allen stars as a senator appointed to become Vice President (after their unexpected death) by Commander in Chief Jeff Bridges. The Contender is all about what it means to stay true to your values while holding public office. Allen has to go through intense confirmation hearings right in the midst of the scandal. Compromising photos surface, and instead of denying their truth, they don't comment at all. Because they don't believe in dignifying the scandal with a response. By the end, the real story comes out and (spoiler alert!), Allen turns out to be a hero. These Joan Allen stars as a senator appointed to become Vice President (after their unexpected death) by Commander in Chief Jeff Bridges. The Contender is all about what it means to stay true to your values while holding public office. Allen has to go through intense confirmation hearings right in the midst of the scandal. Compromising photos surface, and instead of denying their truth, they don't comment at all. Because they don't believe in dignifying the scandal with a response. By the end, the real story comes out and (spoiler alert!), Allen turns out to be a hero. These movies have the best twist endings
Content continues below ad
White House Down via imdb.com This action movie takes place inside the White House during a tour gone awry, when bad guys pose as repairmen to gain entry to the fabled mansion so they can wreak some havoc. (Spoiler alert!) The whole house gets pretty much destroyed. Thank goodness Channing Tatum was on the tour so they can take over protecting President Jamie Foxx. Channing had been hoping to get an interview to be a secret service agent, and now that he's saved the day, he's pretty much a shoo-in for a permanent position. This action movie takes place inside the White House during a tour gone awry, when bad guys pose as repairmen to gain entry to the fabled mansion so they can wreak some havoc. (Spoiler alert!) The whole house gets pretty much destroyed. Thank goodness Channing Tatum was on the tour so they can take over protecting President Jamie Foxx. Channing had been hoping to get an interview to be a secret service agent, and now that he's saved the day, he's pretty much a shoo-in for a permanent position.
Young Mr. Lincoln via imdb.com Henry Fonda gives a stellar performance as Abe Lincoln in their early years as a small town defense attorney with integrity and smarts. Since premiering in 1939, this film has become a classic for its inspiring portrayal of truth and justice. Lincoln is tasked with defending a murder case and comes across as a strong and thoughtful leader. They even manage to attract the attention of Mary Todd, and you know where that leads. Here are the Henry Fonda gives a stellar performance as Abe Lincoln in their early years as a small town defense attorney with integrity and smarts. Since premiering in 1939, this film has become a classic for its inspiring portrayal of truth and justice. Lincoln is tasked with defending a murder case and comes across as a strong and thoughtful leader. They even manage to attract the attention of Mary Todd, and you know where that leads. Here are the amazing movies you totally forgot were Oscar winners
Primary Colors via imdb.com Based on the novel by "anonymous," this soapy drama was all about Bill Clinton's campaign and career. John Travolta plays the famous statesman, with Emma Thompson as their wife. Kathy Bates shows up as a backstage politico who finds the dirt before the opposition can get to it first. This inside look at political power plays shows the struggle of staying true to your values when the stakes are high. Based on the novel by "anonymous," this soapy drama was all about Bill Clinton's campaign and career. John Travolta plays the famous statesman, with Emma Thompson as their wife. Kathy Bates shows up as a backstage politico who finds the dirt before the opposition can get to it first. This inside look at political power plays shows the struggle of staying true to your values when the stakes are high.
Content continues below ad
FILE - In this March 2, 2014, file photo, Sen. Curt Bramble, R- Provo, speaks during a news conference at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Abortion policy has been a hot topic in state legislative sessions that convened or resumed Jan. 2018. Lawmakers already have taken several actions on bills that would expand or restrict access to abortion. In Utah, lawmakers are considering bills that would penalize doctors who do not show an informational video to women seeking an abortion, and another that would bar doctors from performing abortions sought because the fetus has Down syndrome. Rick Bowmer, File AP Photo
Harry Kane has significantly scaled back their social media usage as England vie for glory at the World Cup in Russia.
England captain and Tottenham star Kane – who has more than seven million followers across Twitter and Instagram – is active on social channels.
However, the striker has stepped back from the popular platforms following criticism during Euro 2016, where the Three Lions suffered a stunning last-16 loss to Iceland.
As England prepares to face Colombia for a spot in the World Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday, Kane – who has scored five goals in Russia – told ITV: "For me, it's to stay away from the hype of it all.
"I was so excited about the Euros, being on Twitter all the time or being on news apps so you want to see what everyone is talking about.
"But it had a negative effect because I was reading too much. I was thinking too much.
"I feel like I am at my best when I am free in my mind, playing football.
"This tournament I've changed that and stayed off social media as much as possible.
"I've watched some of the games but not too many games where you are getting caught up in everything and it's hard not to get caught up in the emotions of it. I just try and stay clear of it.
"I'm just focused on doing my best and the more I stay away from that and focus on my game and myself the better I will be."
"I think that he's been trying to play through something that's been very problematic in terms of mechanics, being able to swing properly, all those types of things," Twins manager Paul Molitor said. "It's taken away some of their aggressiveness as a base runner and a defender to some degree.
"If we're going to get going in the right direction, he's going to be a part of it and we want to make sure we get them back on track. We think taking a little break, maybe getting that foot re-examined to make sure that there are no changes in how they have healed to this point."
Santana threw 59 pitches over 3 1/3 innings in a Tuesday start for Class A Fort Myers, allowing one run and two hits, in their second minor league rehab start with Class A Fort Myers at Clearwater.
Molitor said they are pulling Santana off their rehab because they are dealing with swelling.
"We want to get them back to the surgeon and make sure that we're doing the right things as far as how we're bringing them along," Molitor said.
"We're going to get it examined again, get some more pictures and see, and put together some kind of plan again over the next 10 days and see where it takes us, but I don't know exactly how it's going to go. I think it'll somewhat be determined by what we learn getting it re-examined."
Santana went 16-8 with a 3.28 ERA in 33 starts last season. The 35-year-old is in the final year of a four-year $55 million contract with the Twins.
Minnesota recalled right-hander Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester, where they were 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA. The 6-foot-10 rookie went 0-1 with a 6.46 ERA in four appearances last year with the Twins.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
The Transportation Security Administration is searching the cellphones and other electronic devices of domestic air travelers and should be ordered to document when, how and why, according to a federal lawsuit filed Monday.
In December, the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation of Northern California filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act seeking records of TSA searches of domestic passengers' electronic devices, including disclosure of the equipment the agency uses to extract data from cellphones and other equipment.
In a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco, the ACLU alleged Monday that the TSA, an agency of the Department of Homeland Security, has failed to respond.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed July 2017: TSA tightens screening at U.S. airports 2:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"TSA is searching the electronic devices of domestic passengers, but without offering any reason for the search," said Vasudha Talla, a staff attorney with the ACLU's Northern California office. "We don't know why the government is singling out some passengers, and we don't know what exactly TSA is searching on the devices."
NBC News reported last year that former Homeland Security lawyers were alarmed at the number of U.S. travelers' cellphones that were being searched at the border by a sister Homeland Security agency, U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
The ACLU, which is already challenging those searches, alleged in its suit Monday that similar searches of the cellphones of air passengers traveling solely within the United States have also "multiplied year after year."
That the feds are technically able to scour your phone for its deepest, darkest secrets has been known for some time. The Department of Homeland Security has published dozens of technical reports detailing its ability to extract data from mobile devices, regardless of password protection. The most recent report, published in December, disclosed testing of search capabilities on a wide variety of popular Apple and Android phones.
A detail from a Department of Homeland Security report in December disclosing the agency's technical ability to search and retrieve data from a variety of popular cellphones. Department of Homeland Security
In June 2017, John Kelly, then the secretary of homeland security and now the White House chief of staff, disclosed that Homeland Security was phasing in so-called enhanced screening beginning for commercial flights originating outside the United States. The TSA has said it began conducting such screening for domestic flights in October.
But while "federal agencies have published their policies regarding searches of electronic devices at international borders," the ACLU alleged in its lawsuit, their "policies on searching electronic devices of domestic air passengers remains shrouded in secrecy." [Emphasis in original.]
"Our phones and laptops contain very personal information, and the federal government should not be digging through our digital data without a warrant," Talla said Monday.
The suit seeks records specifically from the TSA field office in San Francisco and from TSA headquarters in Arlington, Virginia. In addition to information about policies and technology, it seeks records detailing the training of officers conducting such searches, along with reimbursement of the ACLU's litigation costs and attorneys' fees.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
About
Flowstate resides in the space in-between; a place where creative collisions are made and seen. It is the state of the unexpected. Our Story Flow… Read More
Flowstate resides in the space in-between; a place where creative collisions are made and seen. It is the state of the unexpected. Our Story Flowstate is a revitalised location in the heart of South Bank. We offer it up to our community as an inspiring place of beauty and respite; a well-spring of fresh experiences and sweet diversions. Somewhere entirely different to anything modern South Bank has ever been, a symbol of the potential to come. Locals and visitors are invited to relax, to eat, to collaborate with some of Queensland's most compelling artists, to witness new performance work in development, engage in workshops, listen to fascinating discussions and cool beats – while communing with stylish, contemporary design. The original structures still cheekily traversed by possums have been integrated more seamlessly into the site with materials that sing of nature and surfaces for sinking into – grass, climbing rope, soft fall. Read Less
Published:
A car has crashed into a pizzeria in a village east of the French capital Paris, killing a girl of eight and injuring other people, a report says.
The driver of the car was arrested after the vehicle hit the terrace of the cafe in Sept-Sorts, near La Ferté-sous-Jouarre, BFMTV reports.
The driver deliberately rammed the terrace, the channel says.
France and a number of other countries have seen deadly vehicle attacks on civilians.
SCHUYLER, N.Y. — Authorities say divers have recovered the body of a central New York man from an Erie Canal lock where they apparently drowned while trying to save their girlfriend's cousin after the cousin jumped in to save a dog.
State police say troopers responded around 8 p.m. Wednesday to reports of two people in the water at Lock 19 in the Herkimer County town of Schuyler, 55 miles east of Syracuse.
Troopers say a woman had jumped into the canal to save a dog, then began struggling to stay afloat. The boyfriend of the woman's cousin, 26-year-old George Grullon, of Utica, then jumped in to save them but didn't resurface.
State police and Oneida County divers found their body late Wednesday night in 6 feet of water.
The woman survived and the dog was saved by troopers.
Romney's comments come just weeks before a June 26 GOP primary in the race to fill the seat being vacated by Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Romney had been an outspoken critic of Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign, delivering a blistering criticism of the then-candidate in March 2016 in which they slammed Trump as a "phony" and a "fraud" who was "playing the members of the American public for suckers."
They also appeared to take some veiled shots at the commander in chief in a video announcing their U.S. Senate bid in Utah, drawing distinctions between attitudes in their state on immigration and the president's policy proposals as well as noting a difference in tone.
But when asked by NBC News whether as a senator they would be the man "who gave that speech in March of 2016" or "somebody who wants to work more closely with the president," Romney said they would "call 'em like I see 'em."
"If the president were to say something that I consider highly divisive or racist or misogynistic, I'll call them out on it," Romney said. "Because I think it's important for people to know exactly where one stands."
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 08:09 11th December 2017
A five-goal lead held up for the Joel Barlow High girls lacrosse team in a 13-5 win over Mask at home on Monday, April 17.
The Falcons went up 7-2 after one half of play and did not leave up for the remainder of the night.
Tess Siburn led the Falcons with six goals. Cat Goncalves and Sarah Witherbee each netted two.
Julia Shapiro, Hannah Tunick and Maggie Porter all scored one apiece. Elena Patron had an assist.
Gabby Becket led MAsuk with three goals.
Eve Grassie made eight saves in goal for Barlow, now 3-3.
For console owners, Xbox Insiders will be able to link their Discord account to their Xbox Live account first before it rolls out to the greater community soon. Navigate to 'Account Settings' in the service's menu and pick 'Linked social accounts,' where you'll find the option to link to Discord.
PC owners will get to join the fun 'in the coming weeks,' but they'll link up through the Discord app. An Xbox Live option will appear in the Connections tab under User Settings for users to link to their Xbox account. After either method, friends in the same Discord servers will be able to see what you're playing on Xbox Live.
An Oklahoma woman is believed to be in “imminent danger” after they were allegedly kidnapped Monday after a domestic dispute, police said.
Morgan Rower, 29, of Broken Arrow, is missing after they “engaged in a domestic dispute” with Justin Korf, 36, police said. Officers responded to a call reporting the alleged dispute Monday night at Rower's home and confirmed Korf “interfered with a 911 call,” Tulsa World reported.
A witness told police Korf took Rower in their white 1999 Dodge Durango and drove south. It was not immediately clear where Korf was traveling.
Police described Korf as a white man about 6-2 and 172 pounds. They have a lengthy arrest record including an aggravated assault conviction, a DUI and an assault with intent to commit a felony, News on 6 reported. Korf uses the aliases “Justin W. Kore” and “Justin W. Orf,” the Department of Corrections website stated.
Rower is described by police as a white woman, 5-2, weighing around 102 pounds. Police said they are believed to be in “imminent danger” after allegedly being forcibly taken by Korf.
News on 6 reported Korf and Rower called the station and police on Tuesday saying they were fine and were willingly together, however, cops were still working to confirm Rower's location and safety.
“We still do not know their whereabouts but are doing our best to gather more information,” Public Information Officer James Koch said.
Police have asked anyone with information on Rower and Korf's whereabouts to come forward.
A school in the Highlands will not open to pupils and staff as planned on Tuesday after a mechanical failure of the primary's freezers.
Highland Council said the fault meant the kitchen at Lundavra Primary in Fort William cannot be used.
Environmental health officers have also recommended that the kitchen be given a deep clean.
The school is expected to open on Wednesday when pack lunches will be available.
Packed lunches are also to be provided again on Thursday to pupils who take a school meal.
Highland Council said: "We apologise for the inconvenience this will cause to pupils and parents."
Lundavra Primary School is one of the local authority's newest schools.
It opened in August 2015 when Upper Achintore Primary and Fort William Primary Schools were amalgamated.
Fort William RC School also closed at that time with many of its pupils joining Lundavra.
Theresa May has announced a snap general election will be held on June 8 in the wake of the Brexit vote
Speaking outside Number 10, the Prime Minister said the Cabinet had agreed to call an early election. The move takes place against the backdrop of the country's decision to leave the European Union in last year's referendum.
Justifying the decision, Mrs May said: “The country is coming together but Westminster is not.”
They added: “So we need a general election and we need one now. Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin.”
All that talk that NASCAR would take more cars after Sunday's Cup race at Michigan to see how they compared?
A ruse.
So said Steve O'Donnell, NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer, Monday on “The Morning Drive.''
“We actually found it kind of comical this weekend,'' O'Donnell said of the chatter that NASCAR would take more cars after Michigan. “We put a little bit of the rumor out there, and candidly it worked.
“If anyone had done some serious research, the wind tunnel that we would use for this is under construction this week so it would have been impossible.''
Brad Keselowski said Friday that Toyotas were sandbagging at Michigan because of the expectation that NASCAR would take more cars after the race. Toyotas led 88.2 percent of the laps in the five races leading up to Michigan.
“We had a strong suspicion that those guys (Toyota) would kind of tune it down this weekend, so not to post a pretty big number in inspection that maybe balanced back out the competition,” Keselowski said after winning the pole. “And potentially that's right because our team hasn't done much differently and those guys are just not as fast as they've been the last few weeks.”
Kyle Busch responded to Keselowski's comments by telling ESPN on Saturday: “Brad's a (expletive) moron. We don't just turn it down. We actually have a new engine package here this week. He's a moron.''
Keselowski told NBCSN before Sunday's race that Toyota's performance last weekend at Michigan seemed “fishy.''
“NASCAR typically takes the cars from the field, the best cars from the field and checks to see where everybody is at performance-wise about three or four times a year,'' Keselowski told NBCSN. “Usually those weekends are either Indianapolis, Pocono or Michigan. Well they couldn't do it at Indianapolis because most of the field wrecked and there weren't any cars to check, and I don't know why it wasn't done at Pocono.
“So the whole field knows today that the cars are probably going to be pulled and go through a little bit of extra inspection. That doesn't mean that anyone is cheating by any means. This is a chance for NASCAR to level the playing field and see who is where in the development cycles. I think everybody knows that.''
NASCAR did not take any additional cars.
“We're not going to telegraph when we're going to do that at a certain race track,'' O'Donnell said on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. “We always want to make sure that we've got the best information possible, particularly the aerodynamics of the car, so we'll continue to do that.
“A lot of politicking going out there and I think that will continue as it gets closer to the playoffs. There's a lot on the line, a lot of different winners, and that's actually kind of cool to see because people care and they want to do all they can to win.''
Keselowski led a race-high 105 laps before finishing 17th. Kyle Larson passed Martin Truex Jr. on the restart in overtime to win. Truex led Toyota by finishing second.
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
View of broken power lines poles on the streets of Yabucoa town after Hurricane Maria passed through Puerto Rico. PEDRO PORTAL pportal@miamiherald.com
How close does Matt Smith's swaggering, angry, funny Duke of Edinburgh come to the real thing?
The Crown's Matt Smith plays Prince Philip as the truculent, charming husband of Claire Foy's young Elizabeth II. Complete with off-colour jokes, a slight stoop and a rebellious attitude, Philip cuts a dashing figure at their royal wife's side.
Advertisement
The Duke of Edinburgh is now 95 – but what was they really like in their younger years? Will they recognise themselves in Matt Smith when they and Lizzy settle down on the sofa with a cuppa and fire up the Windsor family Netflix account?
Let's take a look…
How did Philip meet Elizabeth?
Prince Philip as a pupil in Gordonstoun, taken around 1938
Philip was born in Greece in 1921, but their family was exiled from the country when they were just a baby following a war with Turkey and the rise of a new military government. It was a tricky escape: Philip was carried to safety in a cot made from a fruit box.
It was a turbulent existence for the young prince, who was sent from country to country. By the time they were 10, their parents had separated, their mother was in psychiatric care and they were essentially homeless. They joined the Royal Navy in 1939 at the age of 18 and distinguished themselves at sea. It was during the war years that they got to know the teenage Elizabeth (five years their junior) while staying at Windsor.
After the war, Philip of Greece became a British subject and adopted the surname Mountbatten from their mother's parents. The newly-titled Duke of Edinburgh married the future Queen in 1947. It was, by all accounts, a love match – helped along by Philip's ambitious uncle, Louis Mountbatten.
Did they really try to make the royal surname Mountbatten? Prince Philip and then-Princess and their children Prince Charles and Princess Anne in 1951
In The Crown, a petulant Philip makes two requests when their wife comes to the throne: they want to stay at Clarence House instead of Buckingham Palace, and they want the royal house to be Mountbatten – with the kids keeping their surname.
Elizabeth is initially receptive and tries to negotiate these concessions with Churchill and their Cabinet, but things do not go according to plan.  They are persuaded by their grandma and their Prime Minister to issue a royal proclamation declaring that the royal house will remain known as the House of Windsor.
This is true to life. In Philip and Elizabeth: Portrait of a Royal Marriage, biographer Gyles Brandreth reports the Duke's private remark: “I am nothing but a bloody amoeba. I am the only man in the country not allowed to give their name to their own children.”
Advertisement
It was an issue that remained a sore point, and after the death of the Queen's grandmother Queen Mary and Winston Churchill – the two figures most strongly opposed to the idea – the Queen issued an Order in Council in 1960 declaring that their descendants not bearing royal styles and titles (i.e. Prince or Royal Highness) may use the surname Mountbatten-Windsor.
For the second time in the company's history, Netflix Inc. has published a press release that gives investors a tiny bit more insight into what shows and films are popular on the streaming service.
The most binge watched show: “American Vandal,” a true-crime satire that is centered on the blowback from a costly high school prank.
Shares of Netflix NFLX, -1.23% are down a fraction at $186.17 after hours.
This year, Netflix included only its original content in the ranking and considered shows that people watched more than two hours a day as “devoured” — read: binge watched — and shows that consumers watched less than two hours every day the company tagged as “savored.” The most “savored” show was “The Crown,” a program about Queen Elizabeth II's life.
The company also disclosed that viewers around the world watch 140 million hours every day and about 1 billion hours of Netflix a week.
Netflix is notoriously tight-lipped about its viewership and streaming-habits data and based Monday's release on results from November 1 of this year, to November 1, 2016.
1. American Vandal
2. 3%
3. 13 Reasons Why
4. Anne with an E
5. Riverdale
6. Ingobernable
7. Travelers
8. The Keepers
9. The OA
10. The Confession Tapes
The company also conducted a survey of 60,000 members about what shows they skipped ahead of their significant others to watch. Topping that list are “Narcos” and “13 Reasons Why.” The survey also indicated that Netflix original “Stranger Things” was the show families would most watch together.
Netflix stock is up 50% this year, as the S&P 500 index has gained 19%. The Los Gatos, Calif.-based company has beaten Wall Street estimates in four of the past five quarters. Analysts polled by FactSet model fourth-quarter earnings of 42 cents a share on sales of $3.2 billion.
NEW YORK - Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There was considerable ballyhoo this week as the Royal Swedish Academy announced that the Nobel Prize in physics would go to three Americans who were prime movers in the effort to design and build LIGO, the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory.
This followed on the heels of an announcement that LIGO had, for the fourth time, detected the subtle flutter of space-time caused by a gravitational wave. This event, detected in August, is reckoned to have stemmed from the collision of two black holes, each weighing in at several dozen times the mass of the sun.
Most people go numb at repeated discoveries — anyone remember Columbus' fourth expedition? But the circumstances of this detection are different. They foreshadow how sensing these esoteric phenomena might evolve from being an impressive technical triumph to an important way to understand the cosmos.
So what was different about this fourth event?
In a nutshell, the telescope got bigger. LIGO, which in 2015 became the first instrument to detect a gravitational wave, consists of two 2.5-mile-long L-shaped structures separated by 1,900 miles — one in Washington State and the other in Louisiana. They are sensitive beyond easy appreciation, able to measure changes in distance to one part in 10 billion billion. That's akin to determining the separation of New York and San Francisco to a hundred trillionth of an inch.
But the thing is, the LIGO detectors are not “aimed” at any particular part of the universe. They pick up wiggles in space-time coming from anywhere. So when a gravitational wave is detected, they're hard pressed to answer the obvious question: What caused that? To do so, we need to determine the source of the wave. What cosmic occurrence suddenly twisted space?
Fixing the direction of the wave's origin is about as hard as figuring out where thunder is coming from (with your eyes shut). The difference in the arrival time of sound to your two ears will give you some idea, but it won't be precise.
Third Ear
But now LIGO has metaphorically added a third ear, a sibling gravitational wave detector called VIRGO, whose L-shaped vacuum tunnels sprawl across agricultural land eight miles southeast of Pisa, Italy. (This is deliciously appropriate, given Galileo's reputed use of Pisa's famous leaning tower to demonstrate the universal acceleration of gravity.)
So now the arrival time of space-time ripples can be registered at a trio of detectors. It's a setup that can be likened to systems deployed in crime-prone neighborhoods to locate gunfire by noting the arrival time of the sound waves at each microphone.
Adding VIRGO to LIGO has helped narrow the region of sky that contains the origin of a gravitational wave by about a factor of 10. A nice improvement for sure, but still not enough to pinpoint the source. However, VIRGO gives a hint of what's to come. Where this whole story is going.
And where might that be? Let's look ahead not just a year, but a few decades. Gravitational wave detectors are big and expensive. LIGO was the largest project ever funded by the National Science Foundation. Its detectors are exquisitely precise and finicky. But what might future technology allow? That's hard to forecast. But if past is prologue, there will surely be reductions in the cost of detectors able to sense tiny vibrations in space-time.
A Barrage of New Instruments
So think about this: Galileo's first telescope did, indeed, make some important discoveries. But it was just a prologue to the development of far better instruments that eventually told us what the universe was really like. So, too, might LIGO and VIRGO simply be the opening salvo in what will eventually become a barrage of new instruments.
The optical telescopes under construction today have 100,000 times the light-collecting power of Galileo's device. It took four centuries for that to happen, but technology today proceeds rapidly. So what if we could build gravitational telescopes with thousands of times today's sensitivity and with an ability to pinpoint sources? What would that get us?
For one, it would get us a solid confirmation of Einstein's relativity theory, their blueprint for the large-scale structure of everything. The theory predicts that if you wave your hands in the air, you will generate gravity waves that will, at the speed of light, waft into space to eventually distort the separation of objects in the farthest galaxies. (Don't get a swelled head about this. The distortion isn't much!)
But gravitational waves can also tell us about events we cannot see, such as the catastrophic collision of orbiting black holes, the assumed cause of the gravitational waves found so far. This is, again, a window into fundamental physics.
All the Way Back
Future instruments could clue us in to details of the Big Bang's early days. With ordinary telescopes, we can see back only to within about 400,000 years of that boisterous birth before running into an opaque wall of bright light. But gravity waves can come to us from beyond the light barrier.
We could study the formation (and, obviously, the destruction) of black holes, or the details of stars that explode as they grow old.
All of that is enough to make anyone interested in the structure of the cosmos salivate. But of course, and as always, the most interesting things to be discovered by these new instruments are those that we don't anticipate. The cosmos has never been short on surprise.
Gravitational wave astronomy: It's not where it's gone; it's where it's going.
News release: Cooper Steel Fabricators Inc., the nationally-recognized, Nashville steel fabrication and contracting firm, announces the official opening of it's newest subsidiary “Cooper Steel of Virginia” (formerly Lynchburg Steel). The location marks Cooper's fourth company expansion from their original base of operation in Shelbyville, TN, and while small structural and aesthetic improvement plans are in place, the buildings will remain located at 275 Francis Ave. Monroe, VA, just north of downtown Lynchburg. Serving as a valuable piece in the company's fabrication operations, Cooper Steel of Virginia will celebrate an official grand opening on Tuesday December 12th with a ribbon-cutting ceremony to include Cooper Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Gary Cooper, President and Chief Operations Officer W. Duff Zimmerman, Chief Administrative Officer Jordan Cooper, Vice President Cory Cooper, and other key staff. “It's a win-win and a very exciting time for us to be in Virginia,” said Gary Cooper, CEO and Chairman of Cooper Steel. “Cooper Steel has always prided itself on being like family, and today our family is officially getting a little bigger”.
Among its many appeals the new location includes a large fabrication shop with an established and highly skilled workforce which, as Cooper President and COO W. Duff Zimmerman explains, was a very strong determining factor in the acquisition. “These shop guys really know how to fabricate steel” explains Zimmerman “Their experience and expertise made this attractive for us and we expect that to allow us the ability to handle more jobs and bigger projects as we continue to grow”. Founded in Shelbyville, Tennessee in 1960 by J. Kenneth Cooper, Cooper Steel Fabricators Inc. specializes in the fabrication, estimation, erection, and project management of structures all over the country. Working alongside some of the nation's biggest general contractors, Cooper has earned itself a sterling reputation for service and “being the company that all company's want to work with”. That reputation extends itself to their work in the community, with strong on-going efforts supporting the military, police, fire department, and schools around each of their office locations. A three-time consecutive award-winner of the Tennesseean's “Top Places to Work”, the group prides itself on creating relationships with clients and employees alike that transcend the feelings of the normal workplace into creating what they call “The Cooper Family”. Cooper Steel looks forward to continuing to make the new Virginia location, its' new employees and community feel like part of that family.
Danilo has defended Raheem Sterling amid the tabloid controversy whipped up around their Manchester City team-mate's new tattoo.
Photographs of Sterling taking part in a training session with England this week showed an M16 assault rifle depicted in a tattoo on their lower right leg.
The Sun newspaper ran front page coverage of the photograph on Tuesday alongside an accompanying story where an anti-gun campaigner called for the ex-Liverpool youngster to be dropped from Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad.
Sterling responded swiftly to the story with an Instagram post where they explained the image was part of an as-yet unfinished tattoo paying tribute to their father, who was shot dead when the winger was two years old.
The Football Association and ex-England striker Gary Lineker were among those to offer backing to Sterling and now one of their Etihad Stadium colleagues has given support to the 23-year-old, stating their choice of body art is a matter for them alone.
"Many times in football we give too much attention to the tales," Danilo said.
"It is something that is up to him. It is something that they are feeling and it makes sense to him. I have nothing else to say about that."
Despite arriving from Real Madrid for £26.5million last July, Danilo was generally reduced to a back-up role as another expensive full-back acquisition, Kyle Walker, excelled on the right-hand side of defence.
Nevertheless, the 26-year-old relished playing under Pep Guardiola as City stormed to Premier League and EFL Cup glory.
"Playing in the position I do, it's important to play in a squad where the movement patterns are always the same, where you know pretty well where your mates will be during the game," they said, discussing Guardiola's much-vaunted tactical approach.
"This was essential for the season I had at Manchester City because Guardiola is someone who is really strict on the tactical system, they are near excellence in this.
"A high level of turnover [in the positions of] players and playing high lines is something I love because it makes my way of playing stronger."
Danilo believes they made clear progress as their maiden season in England went on and sees no reason to seek a move elsewhere
"Even though I played a lot, the first six months were for me to adapt," they explained. "The Premier League is a high-intensity league. In terms of physical contact it is different from everything I've already been a part of.
"In the second half of the season, I was more at home, stronger, better and it was then that I could perform my best in all the games I played.
"Then I got to the end of the season with five or six straight matches at a high level. I'm satisfied with my season at City. We won the Premier League and broke records from years ago.
"I don't want to stop this. My work from now on is to be settled, play as many matches as I can and keep enjoying football."
Five Cosby accusers OK'd to testify at retrial Prosecutors will be able to choose who they want to testify.
Cosby lawyers want jury to hear 'just how greedy' accuser is Andrea Constand has accused Cosby, 80, of drugging and then molesting them inside their suburban Philadelphia home.
Cosby lawyers try to upend accuser's time frame of alleged assault They claim newly discovered evidence shows the sex assault he's charged with couldn't have happened when their accuser says it did​.
Bill Cosby appears in court ahead of April retrial Cosby's lawyers are attempt​ing​ to stop more ​than ​a dozen ​sex assault ​accusers from taking the stand.
Bill Cosby back in court Monday Cosby's lawyers have said they will seek to push back next month's retrial if more accusers from the list are allowed to testify.
Bill Cosby retrial to begin in April Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting former Temple University basketball manager Andrea Constand in 2004.
Bill Cosby retrial jurors will be from their home county Cosby's retrial was originally scheduled for Nov. 6, but the defense has asked for a delay.
Bill Cosby to appear in court as retrial process begins One main issue to be determined Tuesday is where the next jury pool will be located.
Image copyright PA
An evacuation has been carried out at a young offenders' detention centre near Falkirk after fire broke out.
The incident began at HMYOI Polmont at about 18:00. Male offenders from a block in Iona hall were evacuated while firefighters tackled the blaze.
The fire is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault. There were no casualties.
Six fire appliances were deployed and fire service personnel remained at the scene for several hours.
A spokesperson for the Scottish Prison Service said: "There was a fire at Polmont which they think was caused by an electrical fault.
"It was in one of the blocks in Iona Hall. The fire is out now and everyone is safe."
A fire service spokesperson said: "The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service was alerted at 6.01pm on Friday to reports of a fire at Polmont Young Offenders Institution.
"Operations Control immediately mobilised six appliances to the scene, where firefighters extinguished the fire.
"There are no casualties. Crews will remain on scene until the area is made safe."
Matt Lubick's stay at Ole Miss will be brief.
The former Oregon offensive coordinator, who had accepted the job as the Rebels' wide receivers coach two weeks ago, is leaving to become the OC at Baylor, a source told FOX Sports Monday morning.
Lubick will be receiving a two-year deal to join the Bears' new coach, Matt Rhule. Word is, the chance to become an offensive coordinator at a Power 5 program again was something Lubick felt like they couldn't pass up.
Even in a down year for Oregon, the Ducks still ranked No. 16 in total offense and No. 18 in yards per play in Lubick's first season as OC, despite having an O-line with four freshmen starters and a true first-year student quarterback.
As Oregon's OC and wide receivers coach, the 44-year-old Lubick helped the Ducks post school-records for passing yards (4,687), completions (326), and first downs passing (198), while recording a conference all-time best 44 touchdown catches in 2014. At Duke, Lubick was a finalist for AFCA Assistant Coach of the Year after guiding All-ACC wideouts Jamison Crowder and Conner Vernon to record-setting seasons. At ASU, Lubick practically signed an entire recruiting class by themselves as the team's recruiting coordinator.
Lubick will be re-uniting with a former colleague from their Ole Miss days, George DeLeone, Baylor's new O-line coach.
Video
A World War One grave in France marked as that of an unknown soldier has been identified as the resting place of an army officer from Scotland.
The headstone at Jonchery-Sur-Vesle, near Reims, was dedicated only to "a major" of the Royal Engineers.
Detective work by David Tattersfield, of the Western Front Association, identified the major to be an Alexander Soutar, a minister's son.
Maj Soutar was born in Cullen and grew up in Glasgow and Thurso.
They fought at the Somme in 1916 and Passchendale in 1917, before being shot and killed by a sniper on 28 May 1918 while helping to defend the village of Hermonville, near Jonchery-Sur-Vesle, from an attack by German soldiers.
One hundred years after their death, Maj Soutar's descendants have gathered at the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery where they lie to honour him.
A new headstone with their name has been erected.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Catalans Dragons secured their third consecutive victory as they ended Salford's winning run with a 38-6 victory.
The Red Devils, missing key forwards in Lee Mossop and Ben Murdoch-Masila, were 14-0 down by half-time as Vincent Duport and Louis Anderson gave Catalans the lead along with a Luke Walsh penalty.
Duport bagged a brace in the second-half, and further tries through Krisnan Inu, Richie Myler and Tony Gigot put the game beyond doubt, making Justin Carney's incredible full-length try insignificant.
A full round-up of Monday's Super League and Championship action will be in next Monday's League Express.
Dragons: Gigot, Duport, Inu, Thornley, Yaha, Walsh, Myler, Moa, Aiton, Casty, Anderson, Horo, Garcia. Subs: Bousquet, Bosc, Simon, Margalet
Red Devils: O'Brien, Johnson, Welham, Sa'u, J Carney, T Carney, Dobson, A Walne, Tomkins, Tasi, Jones, Flanagan, Krasniqi. Subs: Lui, Kopczak, Griffin, Lannon
PITTSBURGH (AP) – Authorities have arrested a woman they allege followed a man after an argument in a Pittsburgh bar and stabbed them to death near a convenience store.
Twenty-five-year-old Ashley Henchell is charged with criminal homicide and evidence tampering in the slaying in the Mount Washington neighborhood of the western Pennsylvania city.
Thirty-three-year-old Ryan Carosi was found bleeding on the ground near a CoGos shortly before 3:30 a.m. Sunday and was later pronounced dead at UPMC Mercy.
Authorities said investigators believe Henchell and another man argued with Carosi inside Satalio's bar. They allege that they followed them outside, stabbed them multiple times, then threw away the knife, went home and showered and washed them clothes.
Court documents don't list a defense attorney and a listed number for Henchell couldn't be found Monday.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
NC State football coach Dave Doeren was reminded about their posture toward officials before the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Sunday, May 27, 2018. Doeren, an honorary official for the race, says they are not planning on changing careers.
During a frantic call to 911, a dispatcher attempts to instruct people at the scene of Sunday's fatal Facebook shooting to provide medical attention to the 74-year-old victim, Robert Godwin, Sr.
A man in the area of East 93rd Street in Cleveland called 911 and described to the dispatcher what they saw. They said they saw an older man lying on the sidewalk suffering from a gunshot. They said it looked like the man was shot in the head or in the ear area.
Police say Steve Stephens has been identified as the suspect. They allegedly picked Godwin, Sr. at random and shot them while recording a video of the crime. Stephens then posted the video on their Facebook page. They also posted several Facebook Live videos bragging about an unconfirmed claim that they killed at least a dozen other people. They also partly blames their actions on their ex-girlfriend. Stephens has not been seen since the shooting and police are continuing their investigation and manhunt for the suspect.
Description of Stephens:
 They are described as a black man
6 foot 1, 244 pounds
Bald with a full beard
Wearing a dark blue and grey or black striped polo shirt
White Ford Fusion with the temporary plate: E363630
Download the Cleveland 19 News app and First Alert Weather app.
Copyright 2017 WOIO. All rights reserved.
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty.
Monday's transfer rumours claim Chelsea have two targets in mind ahead of deadline day...
Daily Mirror: Chelsea are considering a late move for Inter Milan's Ivan Perisic.
Daily Star: The Blues are also ready to bid £50m for Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk.
Don Balon: Manchester United will meet Sergi Roberto's £36.5m escape clause should they push for a move away from Barcelona.
The Sun: Newcastle United have stepped up their attempt's to sign Jack Wilshere from Arsenal.
Daily Mirror: Leicester City will turn down Roma's £31.8m bid for Riyad Mahrez as they value them at £50m.
Daily Express: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is considering Napoli's Lorenzo Insigne as a possible replacement for Philippe Coutinho.
The Sun: Paris St Germain's Jese Rodriguez has turned down a loan move to Fiorentina and is set for a similar switch to Stoke City.
Daily Mirror: Spurs could step up their interest in Lazio forward Keita Balde.
President Trump's son Eric was probably trying to make a joke when, on the day after New Year's, they complained that their Twitter account was suggesting they start following Hillary Clinton, former President Obama and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres, none of them exactly known for their affection for the Trump family. “Shocking,” declared young Trump, deadpan, following it with the sinister hashtag #DeepState.
But Twitter is no place for nuance, and their message unleashed a firestorm of angry tweets from anti-Trumpers, calling them a paranoid idiot and worse. Among them was a reply from the famously droll DeGeneres. “What is the Deep State?” they asked. “Is it near Dollywood? Because I'm in, if it is.”
DeGeneres' confusion is understandable. A couple of years ago, the only Americans who were familiar with the term Deep State were a handful of against-the-current political scientists and the readers of an obscure comic book about a wing of the FBI dedicated to covering up the fact that Russia beat America to the moon.
But since then, Deep State has entered the public lexicon with a vengeance. Congressmen promise to bust it to pieces. President Trump says it's taken control of the FBI. Right-wing podcasts warn it's going to kill us all. Left-wing commentators grumble that their concept has been stolen and turned into a cartoon.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“You've got this strange meeting of the crazy left and the crazy right and they're all onto this Deep State thing, and it's entered into public parlance,” says journalist-historian Max Holland, author of books on Watergate and the Kennedy assassinaton. “It used to be that crazy conspiracy thinking was mostly kept in one little box labeled JFK ASSASSINATION, but now it's everywhere.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 2:16 Rep. Mike Thompson: "To sweep this under the rug is a shame" Pause 0:24 Trump tells French president's wife: 'You're in such a good shape' 2:57 Trump's FBI pick wants to lead independent bureau that will "make every American proud" 1:52 Cruz supports revised GOP health care bill with their amendment attached 6:58 Rep. Mike Thompson seeks justice for veterans exposed to chemical tests 1:11 California member of congress files article of impeachment against President Trump 1:33 Donald Trump Jr. releases Russia emails 0:30 Moran's town hall meeting in western Kansas 2:30 Trump calls on NATO to boost defense: "We must stand united" 1:15 A key moment in the American Revolution: Writing the Declaration of Independence Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The JFK Assassination: A cast of characters As new documents about the killing of President John F. Kennedy are released, The New York Times's Peter Baker walks us through who's who in this American tragedy. New York Times
If that's an exaggeration, it's not by much. An ABC News/Washington Post poll last year showed that near half the people in America believe a Deep State — defined as “military, intelligence and government officials who try to secretly manipulate government policy” — is working behind the facade of the constitutional U.S. government.
President Trump's son Eric Trump used #DeepState after their Twitter account was suggesting they start following Hillary Clinton, former President Obama and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres. Alex Wong Getty Images
The definition used by the poll does not necessarily match those used in public debate. What, exactly, the Deep State is depends on who you talk to, from judicious political scientists who talk wonkily of the competing interests of government bureaucracies to wing-nuts like the guest on the uber-conservative Alex Jones radio show who wailed, “Trump will be killed... They're going to kill us, they're going to kill him, they're going to kill everybody!”
Though President Trump and their allies have popularized the term, referring to what they believe is a covert coalition of government officials and institutions and their allies in big media organizations who are trying to thwart their policies, the concept of the Deep State precedes them by many years.
It originated in the 1920s to describe the iron-fisted clique of security officials and gangsters who pulled the strings — bloodily, if necessary — of Turkey's puppet civilian government. The first to apply it to the United States was Peter Dale Scott, a leftist University of California scholar, in their book 2007 book “The Road to 9/11,” which wove a dark tapestry of covert conspiracy from events as diverse as the Kennedy assassination, Watergate and the Iran-contra scandal.
“There's nothing crazy about the idea of the Deep State, of the idea that elites inside and outside the government wield power not assigned to them by the Constitution, irrespective of the will of voters,” Scott told the Miami Herald. “The way the Trump people are using it may be cartoonish, but the idea isn't.”
The first to apply the phrase Deep State to the United States was Peter Dale Scott, a University of California scholar, in their book 2007 book “The Road to 9/11,” which wove a dark tapestry of covert conspiracy from events as diverse as the Kennedy assassination, Watergate and the Iran-contra scandal.
They have plenty of respectable company in thinking so, including at least one former U.S. president. In 1961, more than four decades before Scott's book, President Eisenhower warned the nation that “we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military–industrial complex.”
“Eisenhower didn't use the phrase, but he's definitely talking about a Deep State there,” says Joseph Uscinski, a University of Miami political scientist. “This is an idea that has been around for a long time.”
That doesn't necessarily make it correct, though, Uscinski adds, particularly in the somewhat casual way Trump and their supporters use the term.
“If you say the president faces bureaucratic resistance to their programs, that's reasonably true,” says Uscinski. “If you say government bureaucracies have their own agendas, that's reasonably true. If you say a secret cabal in the FBI is trying to take down the president — well, that could be true. But you can't just say it, you've got to provide evidence.”
Not so long ago, the idea of the Deep State would have been dismissed out of hand by most Americans. In fact, it was. In 1956, sociologist C. Wright Mills published a study called “The Power Elite,” which began: “The powers of ordinary men are circumscribed by the everyday worlds in which they live, yet even in these rounds of job, family and neighborhood they often seem driven by forces they can neither understand nor govern.”
Mills' Deep State-ish argument — that the country was actually ruled by an interlocking web of individuals from elite families who went to the same prep schools and universities, joined the same secret societies or eating clubs, sat on the same corporate boards and often intermarried — was initially dismissed as pure crackpot by respectable academia and journalism. The New York Times Book Review called it “an angry cartoon,” Time magazine labeled it “sociological mumbo jumbo.”
But within a decade, most college political science departments were assigning their students reading from Mills' book. Its influence extended well beyond U.S. borders: Fidel Castro was an enthusiastic reader, and their speeches cadged from it, though without giving credit.
Revelations over the past 50 years about the dark underbelly of the U.S. government have undoubtedly opened American minds to more conspiratorial interpretations of the way Washington works. Does it sound crazy to compare the United States government to that of a lawless, coup-happy country like Turkey? Maybe.
But is that any less crazy than the fact — emphasis on fact — that the Pentagon planted a spy in the Nixon White House to steal secrets from the wastebaskets? Or that the CIA was dosing unsuspecting civilians with LSD to see if it would make them receptive to mind control? Or that the government was spying on people through their Xbox video games? (Edward Snowden, the rogue National Security Agency subcontractor who spilled the secrets about the Xbox, told The Nation magazine: “There's definitely a Deep State. Trust me, I've been there.”)
Even observers who are dubious about Trump's claims that he's the victim of a massive Washington cabal believe they may be facing a much milder version of the Deep State: stiff resistance from the government's gargantuan bureaucracy, which, with its civil-service protections, stays in place as presidential administrations come and go.
Long-lived bureaucracies start to resemble living organisms that fight to protect their own turf, from each other and even more from elected officials, which the bureaucrats tend to regard as temporary pests who will be moving on soon.
“The problem gets worse when there are big ideological contrasts from one administration to the next,” says Adam J. White, a research fellow at the Hoover Institution and director of the Center for the Study of the Administrative State at George Mason University.
“For eight years, we had President Obama, possibly the most liberal president in history, and most of the people they hired probably shared their political vision. And now he's been replaced by a guy who came promising to ‘drain the swamp' of Washington. Even before President Trump took office, you had people announcing they would form ‘the resistance.' I'm sure there are problems.
“Practically every president has, to some extent, quarreled with the bureaucracy. I was reading a biography of Henry Kissinger and it had this story about them — before they joined the government themselves — going to visit their friend Arthur Schlesinger, who was a member of President Kennedy's staff. Kissinger says, ‘Hey, how's it going?' and Schlesinger answers, ‘It's just awful, we can't get any of our programs through the bureaucracy, we're practically dead in the water.' So much for the New Frontier!”
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hawaiian officials were criticised for taking a long time to correct the alert
A Hawaiian state worker who sent a false incoming missile alert last month says they are devastated for causing mass panic, but was 100% sure it was real.
"I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow," the man, who did not want to be identified, told reporters.
The mistake on 13 January sparked wide-scale panic, and it took the authorities 38 minutes to correct it.
The worker has been fired, and two top civilian officials from Hawaii's Emergency Management Agency resigned.
A preliminary federal investigation into the incident released last week said the mix-up happened after a drill was conducted during a shift transition at the agency. It concluded that it was caused by a combination of human error and inadequate safeguards.
The recorded drill message began and ended with the words: "Exercise! Exercise! Exercise!" But the warning also included "This is not a drill", in a script federal regulators say deviated from established procedure.
"I heard this is not a drill, and I didn't hear exercise at all," the worker who pressed the alert said on Friday, in their first comments since the incident.
"I'm really not to blame for this, it was a system failure and I did what I was trained to do," they told NBC News.
Despite this, state officials say other workers present at the time clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
The man, believed to be in their fifties, said they did not want to be identified for safety reasons after receiving threats against their life.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption People were warned to take shelter
According to federal officials, they have refused to co-operate with investigators beyond submitting a written statement. They were also said to have had a "poor performance" on the job, in a separate state report.
Reports say they had been a source of concern for colleagues for 10 years, having confused emergency drills with real-life incidents on at least two occasions.
The false alarm was transmitted to mobile phones and broadcast stations, causing hysteria and panicked evacuations across the Pacific island.
The nearly 40-minute delay in standing down the alert sparked recriminations, with state officials apologising.
"I feel very badly for what's happened, the panic and stress people felt and all the hurt and pain," the employee said. "The last few weeks and it's been very difficult."
The administrator and executive officer of the states's Emergency Management Agency stepped down last Tuesday, after the report on its failures was released.
According to the Federal Communications Commission, measures have been taken by the agency to avoid a repeat of the incident.
RAMALLAH, PALESTINIAN TERRITORIES: US President Donald Trump's break with decades of support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is irresponsible and does not advance peace, a senior Palestinian said on Wednesday.
“This does not make sense,” Palestine Liberation Organization executive committee member Hanan Ashrawi told AFP. “This is not a responsible policy and it does not serve the cause of peace.
“They cannot just say that without an alternative,” they added.
On Tuesday, a senior White House official said the United States would no longer seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement by insisting on a Palestinian state alongside Israel, but would support whatever the two sides agree to together.
The comments came on the eve of White House talks between Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the official said on condition of anonymity.
“Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want.”
For the better part of half a century, successive US governments — both Republican and Democrat — have backed a two-state solution.
Trump has yet to speak directly to the Palestinian leadership since taking office last month.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Every few months — sometimes even weeks — it seems there's another one: a wide-ranging product recall based on concerns of listeria contamination. This week, Panera Bread announced it would recall cream cheese products sold in its U.S. cafes over possible listeria contamination. But what exactly is listeria? How does it breed and why are outbreaks so deadly?
After talking with a handful of experts, I've learned that this is one tricky food-borne pathogen. Which brings us to lesson number one, listeria itself is not a disease; it's a bacterium: listeria monocytogenes. “It's important to understand that listeria itself is not a medical disease — but can cause a disease process," says Dr. Runjhun Misra, DO, an internal medicine specialist in Oakland, CA. "When it leads to infection, that is called listeriosis."And you can get it when you eat something that has been contaminated with the bacteria.
Here are five things you need to know about listeria outbreaks.
1. Listeria Loves Certain Foods
And listeria (the bacteria, that is) is incredibly unique, or, in the words of Dr. Meghan May, associate professor of biomedical sciences at University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine, "it is very cool, with a fascinating cell biology to it." Listeria bacteria behave similarly to mold, preferring moist conditions, and can be found in soil, water and some animals.
“Certain foods that are more likely to contain listeria include unpasteurized milk and cheeses made from unpasteurized milk, melons, raw sprouts, hot dogs, pâtés, lunch meats, cold cuts, and refrigerated smoked seafood,” Karen Wong, medical officer with the Centers for Disease Control' s (CDC) Division of Foodborne, Waterborne, and Environmental Diseases told NBC News BETTER.
It's odd that listeria can affect such a wide array of food types. Usually food-borne pathogens, like salmonella, which favors raw foods, are more particular, and easier to sniff out as potentially suspect. What about listeria makes it able to breed in both smoked meats and unpasteurized milk? It all comes down to temperature and environment.
About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms. About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms.
2. It's Okay In The Fridge, But Listeria Hates The Oven
"Listeria can grow at refrigeration temperature,” says May. “It can do that because it's used to living outside and not particularly bothered by [that level of cold].”
Though listeria can grow in the fridge, May notes that it does grow more slowly in the cold, which is why it's critical to make sure your refrigerator is set at “under 40 degrees Fahrenheit,” says Dr. Misra, adding that when you do your grocery shopping, make sure no refrigerated items are out for longer than two hours.
One condition that listeria can't endure is extreme heat. If you really want to be sure that bacteria is dead and gone, expose it to heat of “above 165 degrees Fahrenheit,” says Misra.
3. It Can Be Deadly, But For Many It's Not Harmful
If you are more or less in good health, young, and not pregnant, you may come into contact with listeria and not even know it.
“About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms,” says May. “The next biggest group [of those infected] have flu-like illnesses.”
If you fall among the latter, you'll probably just be miserable for a few days as you would with any stomach bug, but your body should be able to clear it up on its own and you might not require medical attention. But really, it's your body, your call, and if you're violently ill, you should go to the doctor just to be on the safe side. Also, if you do have listeriosis, you'll want the hospital to know so they can report it and be on the lookout for other cases.
Wong of the CDC notes that around 260 people die from listeriosis every year. Those who have the highest risk of fatal infection are older people (older than 50, Dr. May points out), people with HIV, cancer, diabetes, kidney disease, liver disease on immunosuppressant drugs or living with other immune problems, as well as newborns and pregnant women.
Dr. Misra explains that this high-risk group of people can come down with invasive listeriosos, “meaning the bacteria spreads beyond the gut. You may have a headache, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance and seizures in addition to fever and muscle aches.” If you present any of these symptoms, it's imperative to get to the doctor or ER right away. You will likely be admitted to the hospital and administered antibiotics through an IV.
Pregnant women really need to be especially vigilant because, as Dr. May explains, they may fall in that 30 percent that have no idea they're infected — or they'll just feel like it's a particularly bad case of morning sickness. They may pull through fine, but they can unknowingly pass the infection on to their unborn child, which can be terribly tragic, leading to miscarriage or stillborn birth as well as health complications once the child is born.
“We worry about meningitis [in newborns] and also, when they're taking their first breaths, they may contaminate their respiratory tract with listeria if the mother is infected,” says May. “It's a very high-risk problem, but fortunately it doesn't happen often.”
In fact, May and the other doctors interviewed here note, it is for this very listeria-related concern that pregnant women are told to avoid high-risk foods such as raw cheese and deli meat.
4. Symptoms Can Take Months To Manifest, and Spur A Wide Investigation
Listeriosis can be detected in blood or stool cultures, but it's challenging to trace the source because the incubation period can be so long.
“The symptoms can take as much as 60 to 70 days to manifest,” says Dr Obianuju Helen Okoye, a public health physician and healthcare consultant in St Louis, MO. “The average incubation time is about three weeks.”
Once a patient is diagnosed with listeriosis, an intensive investigation begins, spearheaded by the department of public health.
While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place. While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place.
“They'll try to figure out the source to try and stop any possible outbreaks,” explains Dr. Okoye. “So they're going to ask a lot of questions about what the patient has eaten in the past month and where. Then they'll see if other people are reporting listeriosis and if they've had similar foods or been to similar places. It can be a long drawn out process.”
While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place. In fact, most of the time product recalls are totally unrelated to outbreaks and carried out in adherence to the law of “better safe than sorry.” Also, nobody wants to get tied up in a lawsuit.
“Factories would rather issue a recall that then be in trouble,” says Okoye. “They have protocols they go through and they may realize that a certain protocol was violated, or that there was some other issue and so they can't take that risk.”
5. How to Keep Listeria Out Of Your Home
Doctors stress that there's no way to be 100 percent certain that you've eliminated listeria from your kitchen. But there are ways to reduce the risk. Avoiding unpasteurized products is number one, second to which are some common sense tips such as washing fruits and vegetables very thoroughly through running tap water, not allowing raw meat touch other foods, ensuring that cutting boards and cooking utensils are extremely clean (and that the knife you'd use to chop the raw turkey is not also used to chop the fresh celery). And of course, wash your hands like crazy.
If you happen to have a product on hand that has been recalled, Wong advises that you put it “in a closed plastic bag placed in a sealed trash can; this will prevent people and animals from eating it,” and to “wash the refrigerator or freezer drawer and other areas where the recalled product was stored using hot water and soap.”
To find out what's been recalled in your area, see the FDA's list of recalled products.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Looks Like Zara Stole Their Latest Sock Design From A Local Brand [Images]
It's never a good look when musicians are accused of nicking their beats (Lana del Rey and Radiohead comes to mind), and the same goes with sock designs.
Well, any designs really, but this time around it's Zara under fire and it's to do with their new sock range.
They stand accused of ripped off a MaXhosa by Laduma design, and fans of the local brand are causing a ruckus.
It started with Instagram user Thebe Ikalafeng, who shared this post comparing a few images.
First up, the caption from said post:
Appropriation or appreciation? I'd say this is just daylight @maxhosa intellectual property theft by @zara. There's a big difference between taking inspiration and illegal expropriation. #Maxhosa designed and launched this #Khanyisa cardigan and sox (slide left) range globally 2014. In 2018 @zarashamelessly copied the design as is and put in retail in earlier this month. As a global #African I understand that inspiration is global and no one has universal rights, but theft on the other hand should be universally condemned. We appreciate that Africa's rich culture is now ‘en vogue' but not at all costs. But our protected intellectual property rights should be respected as much as we respect that of other global brands. #Maxhosa and all Africans should not take this lying down. If they can do this to a relatively well known brand like @maxhosa you can imagine what they've been doing to lesser known designers with little resources or recourse. Everybody in Design and retail knows it's the foundation of Zara to replicate and sell quickly – and perhaps apologize. Fast fashion straight from the (others') runway is how there're fashioned. But it does not mean we all have to accept it. We should all stand up and reject such blatant intellectual property expropriation and theft. #ThebeOnBrands.
Well, you decide for yourself:
The jersey on the left is the MaXhosa by Laduma design, and here's the image Ikalafeng shared showing it in full:
Pretty, pretty similar, right?
Via Business Insider SA, here's Laduma Ngxokolo, designer for and founder of the local label, in another spiffy jumper:
They don't look impressed, and they aren't when it comes to those socks:
Ngxokolo's company told Business Insider SA that it will issue a statement later on Tuesday on the issue.
As we mentioned earlier, there's plenty of buzz on social media, with some big names wading in to side with MaXhosa by Laduma.
It doesn't help that Zara have a history of rubbing people the wrong way:
Zara, a Spanish firm which is part of the world's biggest apparel retailer Inditex, has been under fire for allegedly ripping off designs for a number of years. Fortune magazine reported that the company stood accused of stealing the designs of twelve artists. Zara has also been accused of cultural appropriation and offensive designs. It has used a white supremacist symbol on one of its items in the past.
Given that history, they may find sympathy hard to come by.
Given that Zara's owner, Amancio Ortega, has an estimated net worth of around $67 billion (R824 billion), I'm not sure he'll care.
[source:businsidersa]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In Coins, a short essay they wrote for the New Yorker in 2001, Nicholson Baker reflects on the power and the sanctity of the shopping mall water fountain and the coins we ritualistically toss it in offering. “The thing to do when you wished on a penny was to thumb-flip it very high,” they write of the ceremony. “Every day you could check on your penny, or the penny you had decided must be your penny, to see how it was doing, whether it was accumulating wish-fulfilling powers.”
In the early 1970s, at age 16, Baker worked as a junior maintenance man at the Midtown Plaza in downtown Rochester, digging holes for parking signs and changing elevator light bulbs. One day, they were instructed to sweep up the coins from the Plaza fountain, and they “experienced a magisterial shiver” — him, a lowly teenage custodian, charged with so sacred a task!
The essay is a beautiful tribute to the practice of penny wishing. But if there is another, secondary theme in the paean, it has to do with the strange space the shopping mall itself opens up for such a custom to flourish.
Malls are rife with minor sanctuaries. They can be as unassuming as a wooden bench
Why exactly do malls have fountains? They have nothing to do with shopping. They do not encourage us to spend money — other than the pocket change we spend on a wish — and they are more expensive to build and maintain than a mere decorative flourish or other form of public art. They invite patrons of the mall, in fact, to loiter, or to linger for a few moments away from the alluring confines of the actual stores. The fountain is a place to rest — or perhaps to thumb-flip a penny very high. It has the tonic quality of a city park: welcoming and restorative. It wouldn't seem to belong in a mall at all.
It isn't just fountains, though. As unlikely as it might seem, malls are rife with minor sanctuaries. They can be as unassuming as a wooden bench, where you can sit and read a book or thumb through your social media feeds, waiting lazily while a friend or loved one browses an adjacent shop. Or they can be big, complex ecosystems like the food court, where the bored and directionless can lounge, undisturbed, with nothing more than a cup of coffee and a newspaper, or even less than that.
Mall space is not shopping space — at least not exclusively. It contains a vast and sometimes hard-to-see array of non-commercial spaces, of transitional refuges from the mercantile storm. For every aggressive storefront, there's an inviting expanse of pristine hallway to stroll. For every opportunity to spend money, there's a chance to just hang out.
This is the fundamental contradiction of the modern shopping mall. On the one hand, the mall is an assertive, insistent mercenary commercial enterprise, built to facilitate sustained and concentrated trade between would-be shoppers and the network of retail outposts it houses: commerce is the mission and purpose, and a mall strives to foster a willingness to spend. On the other hand, the mall is by its very design a kind of town square; only, enclosed and privately owned. In a bid to pamper shoppers and persuade them to remain there longer, malls take pains to be comfortable, reassuring and as pleasant as possible. People, duly seduced by those comforts, are drawn to the mall, and at the same time as they routinely part with their cash, they reclaim mall space as their non-commercial own. The consumerist paradise of the galleria thus becomes – almost despite its intentions – a free space to meet, gather, walk or play.
To understand the truth of this dichotomy one need only visit a mall and really look.
At the Billings Bridge Shopping Centre in Ottawa, Ontario, a modest mall south of the downtown core, dozens of elderly locals from nearby apartment complexes spend the early hours of every morning wandering the empty halls, rounding the simple circuit for a daily bit of exercise as clerks and managers at the still-closed shops prepare to open for business. At the Galleria Shopping Centre at Dupont and Dufferin in Toronto, meanwhile, older men gather at clusters of little wooden park benches, enjoying the communal spirit without lending the vaguest consideration to buying anything at all.
Such community phenomena are not unique to senior citizens. Step into just about any mall in North America during the late afternoon and observe coteries of insouciant teenagers settling in with the serenity of families at home. For them the mall is not a place to spend money — no more than a Lover's Peak is a spot to take in the view. It's somewhere to converge for a few hours and simply be.
For them the mall is not a place to spend money. It's somewhere to simply be
A place to be, after all, is a precious thing. A place to be among others — to live among a community — even more so.
It's hard to talk about the mall as some kind of immaculate idyl, because it's too confrontational with its exhortations to spend to rival the pure public haven of a civic centre or urban square — somewhere designed expressly for public use without any avaricious ulterior motives. But such places are rare, and seem increasingly so. (Witness, for instance, the slow encroaching commercialization of the formerly public-friendly Yonge and Dundas Square, which is so beleaguered by glittering electronic billboards that it's nearly impossible to enjoy without irritation.) As such, it's inspiring that our malls are transformed into public sanctuaries through collective will and camaraderie.
The social utility of this sort of community oasis, somewhere for the denizens of a city to hang around and live in peace, is inestimable. All of us deserve somewhere to toss pennies into fountains.
The Eisenhower Business Improvement District has generated nearly $970,000 since 2015 to improve security as well as landscaping and beautification. The business district is awaiting approval from the Georgia Department of Transportation to install new street lights at four intersections.
Ralph Lawson has been a figurehead in the electronic music industry for nearly 30 years.
From spinning the first ever record at Back to Basics to spearheading the globally renowned imprint 20/20 Vision, Lawson has been a key figure in the inaugural Inner City Electronic that will arrive in Leeds on June 2.
Tell us all about Inner City, why now, and what are your goals for the project?
I just thought that the time was right! Leeds, in its own right, has a bustling community of music, right the way through all main electronic genres. However, we are also looking further afield, and have drafted in some key acts that are currently pushing the music boundaries. The line-up is not just a set of acts that I enjoy, but, are also carefully crafted together to show the current state of quality we have performing in the UK. Our goals are to show different insights into the industry from the music, the production, how you promote events; and some key history. I think sometimes people don't look back to how the electronic music started here in Leeds, or where it's going, so that's crucial.
Why do you think Leeds is perfect for this style of event?
Again, the city is growing so fast; it's not that we have to do this event, but, I think, Inner City will bring everyone together even more than before. The music scene here has always been strong, and the clubbing community has been a huge influence in attracting tourism to the city, for me it's setting huge trends for the current ethos hereabouts. Inner City will offer a different side to that, it is where people can also learn a bit more, and see for themselves just what's involved, and, with the ‘panels' they can delve a but deeper into each side of the industry.
I think sometimes people don't look back to how the electronic music started here in Leeds, or where it's going, so that's crucial. Ralph Lawson
Were there any pitfalls you experienced with bringing the city together?
Of course, you have to side step a few landmines. The majority of it was fairly straightforward however, but you always get a few issues with bookings. Leeds is so small and there is of course some loyalty towards certain acts and brands; but that just shows respect. That said we managed to get everybody we wanted involved so we are really happy.
Tell us about the venues…
We have some amazing venues; all within walking distance, and all that compliment each other too. Belgrave and Headrow will house the Panels whilst Distrikt will host Nicholas Lutz. Head Street will host Panels too, with Crazy P performing. And don't forget we shall also have the Wardbobe for the dub element.
You've brought in a lot of local talent too. Who can we look forward too?
The MAP charity is a very hot topic now, and Butterside Up too, they are both flying their flags really high right now. Tom from MAP is really pushing the charity further and has had some really great press recently on utilising their venue to push the word out. They also have a really great sound system; which is worth checking out in its own right! Butterside Up is arguably the hottest intimate night in the city and is now getting European recognition. So they are well worth checking out at Distrikt. Then of course we will have some of the Basics guys performing, and Sub Sub too, so things are looking great. There will be a selection of talks as well.
Can you give us an insight into the panels and your choices of speakers?
Sure, we will be hosting panels with the legendary Craig Richards who has fronted Fabric over the years. They will talk about their career. We will have a promoter panel too, from some of the prominent people in the city. Down at Sheaf Street we will have some technology panels as well, with the likes of Pioneer taking charge. Diversity in music has been a huge talking point recently.
Why do you think it's taken this long for the word to come out about equality in music?
Well, let's just say its just great that people from all walks of life are now pushing the word out – not just music. However, it's been amplified more because people relate to music and our industry. The fact that people are standing up for equal rights whether its within gender equal events, or on panels, or even running campaigns, it's just great to see that it's finally getting the recognition it deserves.
Inner City Electronic takes place at various venues around Leeds including The Church, Belgrave Music Hall, Headrow House and Wire. For tickets visit www.innercityelectronic.com
From tales of Helen George's dog Charlie, to the time the BBC drama shared a set with Star Wars, here are the biggest secrets of the show as the story reaches 1963
1. It takes 120 days over a six-month period to film a complete series of Call the Midwife. Over that time, the show's caterers serve around 30,000 meals to cast and crew.
Advertisement
2. The show always starts filming in April, so by the time it comes to the Christmas special — which usually features snow — it's boiling hot outside. Laura Main and Stephen McGann (who play Shelagh and Patrick Turner) regularly appear on set in big coats with bathing costumes worn underneath.
3. When temperatures soar, Helen George, who plays Trixie, hires an ice cream van to serve the cast and crew frozen treats.
4. It takes several days to prepare the backdrop for winter scenes, with wooden frames, fabric, fake snow and plastic icicles hanging from lampposts.
5. Nonnatus House was named after St Raymond Nonnatus, who was born by caesarean section and is the patron saint of childbirth and pregnant women. Non natus is Latin for “not born”.
6. The nuns are based on sisters from the Anglican Community of St John the Divine. The order is still active, though the remaining sisters left the East End in 1976 and now work with the homeless in Birmingham. Before they died, Jennifer Worth, whose memoirs inspired the series, set up a trust for the order so they receive an income from the profits of the books and the show.
7 .Jennifer Worth's books only provided one-and-a-half series worth of material. After series one, the team hired a researcher to interview people who'd written into the show with their own stories. Heidi Thomas (the series' creator and writer) calls it oral testimony, and it has provided them with roughly half the stories for the drama.
8. Heidi was inspired to bring Call the Midwife to the screen after they suffered a serious illness 14 months after their son Dominic was born, to honour the care and kindness they received from the nurses.
9. For series one and two, St Joseph's College in Mill Hill, north London — built by Father Herbert Vaughan in 1866 as Britain's first Catholic missionary college — was used as the setting for Nonnatus House. In 2013, the building was sold to a developer, so the team decamped to the Manor House at Longcross Film Studios in Surrey, formerly the site of an MoD tank test track.
10. During filming in spring 2016, Call the Midwife shared the studio with the Millennium Falcon, with filming for Star Wars: The Last Jedi taking place on an outdoor lot.
11. Theed Street near Waterloo station in London is the location for exterior shots of terraced houses that open directly on to a street.
12. Manor House was an officers' mess hall after the Second World War — and the first floor is reputed to be haunted.
13. Most street scenes are shot in the Historic Dockyard Chatham in Kent. Staff have renamed one street Chummy's Hill, after the scene when Camilla “Chummy” Browne (Miranda Hart) tried to ride a bicycle and crashed into PC Noakes.
14. It takes around seven hours to film every birth — real infants can only film for 15 minutes at a time so the team has worked with thousands of children.
15. All of the on-set food is real, with cakes brought in from an artisan bakery to give the right look to a Victoria sponge.
16 Mary Berry offered to bake the cakes for the show when the current producer, Ann Tricklebank, ran into them at the National Television Awards last year.
17. The nuns' Royal Doulton Cascade tea set has a bigger post bag than some of the actors. Viewers either share memories or complain they've broken their sugar basin. Members of the team's art department buy a lot on eBay, and if they find a spare sugar basin they pass it on.
18. Heidi Thomas is a stickler for period accuracy. In series two, while the show's usual set dresser was off sick, there was a scene with a family eating Sunday lunch and the stand-in dresser put broccoli on the table. Because nobody ate broccoli in 1959 they used an editing tool and decolourised the broccoli so that it looked like cauliflower.
19. Directors who are new to the show receive a mood board, which always includes pictures taken by Nick Hedges in the late 1960s as part of a housing campaign run by Shelter, the homelessness charity.
20. The character of Reggie Jackson, who has Down's syndrome, was inspired by Heidi Thomas's late brother David, who also had the condition.
21. For the Thalidomide storyline, two silicone babies were made to play baby Susan, one of whom is animatronic. Both the silicone babies have now been donated to the Thalidomide Society.
22. Most on-screen births involve both a real and a prosthetic baby. The show has three prosthetic babies, which cost £5,000 each to make from the same medical-grade silicone used in artificial limbs. It feels like human skin to the touch.
23.There's a drawer full of umbilical cords on set — different sizes of baby require different sizes of umbilical cord.
24. Minced beef was once used as a broken-up placenta. Afterwards, the show's midwifery adviser, Terri Coates, insisted the room and the crew be sterilised before the baby came in for filming.
25. When waters break during a delivery, either Terri or the actor punctures a condom full of water to squirt out fake amniotic fluid.
26. With a couple of rare exceptions — hello, Anita Dobson! — the show isn't keen on big-name cameos. That doesn't stop celebrities' agents writing in to ask for their clients to be in it, although this approach has yet to work.
27. Cliff Parisi, who plays Fred Buckle, qualified for their private pilot's licence while working on the show.
28. Max Macmillan, who plays young Timothy Turner, is an expert pianist and often plays the on-set piano for the cast between scenes.
29. Jenny Agutter's son is a real-life doctor, working full-time for the NHS.
30. Stephen McGann is left-handed and that makes some procedures difficult for them to replicate as medical tools are made for right-handed people, so they practise again and again using their “wrong” hand. For really complex procedures, Terri Coates's paediatrician husband puts on a mask and plays Dr Turner to get the details right for the camera.
31. Stephen McGann is an expert at the art of origami — they fold all the paper animals that Dr Turner makes.
32. Despite the fact that Heidi Thomas and Stephen McGann are married and Heidi works from home, Stephen doesn't read a word of the scripts until they arrive in the post.
33. The Call the Midwife soundtrack album, which featured the cast singing their version of Elevator Rock originally sung by Tommy Steele, was a hit in 2013, shifting more than 60,000 copies.
34. In November that year, on-screen husband and wife Stephen McGann and Laura Main followed up the album with a single, When I Fall in Love, released for Children in Need. Laura also won a child in Need Call the Midwife Strictly special.
35. The children pictured on the front of the first DVD cover and in lots of publicity shots, running behind the midwives on their bikes, are executive producer Pippa Harris's daughter Ella McBrien and their friends, Mae, Sam, Laurence and Henry Topley.
36. Hayley Squires, who made their screen debut as Conchita Warren's daughter Maureen in the very first episode, went on to get a Bafta nomination and win a British Independent Film Award for their role as Katie in I, Daniel Blake.
37. Now aged four, Alice Brown has played Angela Turner since they were a few months old. Producers once hired a body double so that they could attend a friend's birthday party.
38. The location for the Hope Clinic in South Africa was actually a children's school — the Call the Midwife team gave the kids enough meal vouchers to get them through the winter, as well as warm coats and shoes.
39. While filming in South Africa, cast members were surprised to find people living without electricity in the townships knew who they were. Township shabeens (illicit bars) often show the drama on communal televisions.
40. Call the Midwife has been sold to over 100 countries. The 2017 Christmas Special also aired on Christmas night across the USA, and on Boxing Day in Australia.
41. The show has a global cast. Actors from China, Pakistan, Somalia, Japan, India, Bangladesh, Russia, Ireland, Sweden, Nigeria, Norway, St Lucia, Jamaica and South Africa have all appeared.
42. Victoria Yeates who plays Sister Winifred, became engaged to musician Paul Housden while filming the 2016 Christmas special in South Africa.
43. In the UK, the show is often described as comforting and nostalgic, but in the US it's seen as a radical argument for free medical care. An LA Times reviewer described the show as “a timely valentine to socialised medicine”.
44. When series one director Philippa Lowthorpe won the Bafta the best director award for their work on the show in 2013, they were the first woman to be awarded the fiction directing prize by the Academy. In total, 11 women have directed episodes of CTM.
45. Heidi Thomas, Pippa Harris and Ann Tricklebank first worked together some 25 years ago on ITV's Soldier Soldier.
46. The Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Cornwall are both said to be fans, and a DVD of the festive episode is sent to Sandringham at Christmas.
47. When Trixie became engaged to Tom Hereward the vicar, the show's costume department struggled to find the right 1920s ring, so Heidi lent Helen George a ring from their own jewellery box. Awkwardly, in the story, Trixie hated the ring.
48. Most of the show's guest female characters — who appear in one or two episodes — arrive on set with highlights of some kind in their hair. The team take them to a salon for a colour wash, then pay to have the highlights put back in again after shooting. This accounts for the largest part of the hair and make-up budget.
49. It takes two hours to do each of the midwives' hair with backcombing and lacquer. It's all their own hair, with a couple of judicious extensions here and there.
50. In the 1960s the midwives would have worn masks when they were with the newborn babies but the production team decided to overlook this, as it was felt viewers would struggle to tell who was who in a lot of scenes.
51. Historic events are rarely referenced, with one big exception — the Space Race, starting with Yuri Gagarin in series five. In series seven, the first woman in space, Valentina Tereshkova, gets a namecheck in episode four. They went into orbit in the summer of 1963.
52. The producers are fanatical about secrecy and spoilers. They often put out false call sheets so the public won't know where they're filming, as hundreds of fans turn up to watch outdoor location scenes.
53. Production on the show centres around a full script read through the day before shooting, which is always themed. When sex education classes were part of the story, the room was decorated with birds and bees; for Lucy Chen's Chinese community storyline there were Chinese snacks and everyone got a fan.
54. Helen George's dog Charlie comes to every read through and loves the sound of applause. When the read through wraps and everyone claps they leap into the centre of the room.
55. Judy Parfitt, who plays Sister Monica Joan, has a white poodle called Freddie who appeared in episode five of series six. Unfortunately, Freddie hates Stephen McGann….
56. The best-legs-on-set competition was won by Judy Parfitt, who hitched up their habit and trounced the youngsters.
57. Celebrity fans include Lena Dunham, Whoopi Goldberg and Paul McCartney, whose mother was a midwife.
58. Heidi Thomas used to assist the Akela of their local Cub pack — hence the many storylines involving Cub Scouts.
59.For the first series, the team asked midwives at a maternity unit if they knew any women who would be happy to bring babies to the set. By series two, regulations had tightened so all babies are now recruited through licensed agencies.
60. The show's first breech birth, with Chummy helping the delivery, took a whole day to film, and is now used for teaching purposes by trainee obstetricians.
61. All costumes are made in triplicate to cater for blood, dirt or rips that might occur in scenes that are filmed out of chronological order.
62. Costume designer Amy Roberts met the nuns of the Order of St John the Divine to check period details before designing outfits. The original habit for the series was bright blue but had to be toned down for the cameras.
Advertisement
63. Over the first six series — a total of 51 episodes — of Call the Midwife, Terri Coates estimates that there have been 91 on-screen births filmed (including two still births), which means that the 100th birth should fall in series seven!
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has disclosed a Commission of Enquiry to examine petitions for the creation of new regions will be established next week.
“The Constitution states that once the Council of State has given a positive response to the President, the President would have to establish a Commission of Enquiry to go into the areas which have requested the creation to see whether, indeed, there is a substantial demand.
“Next week I am going to establish a Commission of Enquiry to examine the petitions for the creation of the regions,” Akufo-Addo said Friday, 6th October, 2017, when they paid a courtesy call on the overlord of Mamprugu, the Nayiri, Naa Bohogu Abdulai Mahami Sheriga, at the commencement of their 3-day tour of the Northern region.
According to him, the proposed creation of new Regions in the country largely rest on the inhabitants of the areas who have submitted petitions and made demands for the creation of the new regions.
They said the Constitution stipulates that once the President receives a petition for the creation of a region, they must forward it to the Council of State for advice.
“The Council of State received my request for their advice, and they were positive. They agreed that there was a demand for the creation of new regions from the Western Region, Northern Region, Brong Ahafo Region and Volta Region,” they said.
To this end, the President told the Nayiri that “when the Commission of Enquiry comes into your areas, it is up to you to make it clear to the Commissioners that all of you want a new region.”
President Akufo-Addo explained further that if the Commission of Enquiry, after examining the areas, decides that there is, indeed, a substantial demand, they will make recommendations to the President.
“If the President receives the recommendations and they are positive, they will send the matter to the Electoral Commission to organise a referendum in the areas of the demand. It will require that 50% of all those registered in the area of the demand come out to vote, and, after that, 80% of those who come out to vote must vote ‘Yes' for the new region,” they said.
This is the first time in the life of the 4th Republic that the procedure has been initiated.
“If you are determined to have the new region, it is in your hands. The way you respond to the Commission of Enquiry, and the way you vote, that is what will decide if you will have a new region,” President Akufo-Addo said.
They assured the Nayiri and the people of Mamprugu that “I am in full support of your demands. I believe that the demand you are making for a new region is a good demand and should be supported. But they say ‘God helps those who help themselves', so it is in your hands. If you want it you can have it.”
HONG KONG: Citigroup is considering setting up an onshore cash equities business in China and expanding research coverage of Chinese stocks, to boost its share of the business in Asia, said the head of its regional equities unit.
The US-headquartered bank is also looking to add at least 10 people to the unit, including bankers and technology staff, mainly at its Hong Kong and Singapore hubs, Richard Heyes told Reuters.
Citi's sharpened focus on its Asia equities business, which includes stock trading and research, is part of its global effort to bolster trading technology, hire senior bankers and boost financing to hedge funds.
“It's an interesting opportunity, one we are looking very closely at,” Heyes said, referring to setting up an onshore cash equities business in China, which they said was in its early stages. They declined to give details.
“At the moment we don't feel we have a competitive disadvantage doing it from Hong Kong in the way the majority of people do. But over time, do I think we should strongly think about on-ground presence? Yes.”
Analysts said China-listed shares' inclusion in the US index publisher MSCI's emerging-markets benchmark this year, a milestone for global investing, would lead to a jump in demand for brokerage and research services.
That came on top of the introduction of programs allowing two-way trading between stock markets in Hong Kong and Shanghai and Shenzhen, as part of Beijing's efforts to open up capital markets.
China's brokerage revenue pool touched $41 billion in 2015, showed a report last year by Quinlan & Associates.
Assuming institutional broking revenue is 10 to 15 percent of the total, a 1 percent market share would bring $40 million to $60 million in annual revenue to an equities house in the world's second-largest economy, the consultancy said.
To tap into an expected demand surge, Citi, which provides research on 175 China-listed firms, plans to increase coverage to 200 by year-end and 250 in the longer term, Heyes said.
“We have seen very clearly, as one of the biggest players in (the Hong Kong stock) connect, a very significant ramp up in the opening of accounts. It's very clear that many people are getting prepared for future activity in the China market.”
Citi is also looking to bolster financing support for hedge funds, to help win more trading business and boost its Asia equities market share.
“We have had very meaningful success with some very important, large global hedge funds in the US We are now expecting or have commitments from many of them to on-board us in Asia either by end of this year or early next year.”
HONG KONG: Citigroup is considering setting up an onshore cash equities business in China and expanding research coverage of Chinese stocks, to boost its share of the business in Asia, said the head of its regional equities unit.
The US-headquartered bank is also looking to add at least 10 people to the unit, including bankers and technology staff, mainly at its Hong Kong and Singapore hubs, Richard Heyes told Reuters.
Citi's sharpened focus on its Asia equities business, which includes stock trading and research, is part of its global effort to bolster trading technology, hire senior bankers and boost financing to hedge funds.
“It's an interesting opportunity, one we are looking very closely at,” Heyes said, referring to setting up an onshore cash equities business in China, which they said was in its early stages. They declined to give details.
“At the moment we don't feel we have a competitive disadvantage doing it from Hong Kong in the way the majority of people do. But over time, do I think we should strongly think about on-ground presence? Yes.”
Analysts said China-listed shares' inclusion in the US index publisher MSCI's emerging-markets benchmark this year, a milestone for global investing, would lead to a jump in demand for brokerage and research services.
That came on top of the introduction of programs allowing two-way trading between stock markets in Hong Kong and Shanghai and Shenzhen, as part of Beijing's efforts to open up capital markets.
China's brokerage revenue pool touched $41 billion in 2015, showed a report last year by Quinlan & Associates.
Assuming institutional broking revenue is 10 to 15 percent of the total, a 1 percent market share would bring $40 million to $60 million in annual revenue to an equities house in the world's second-largest economy, the consultancy said.
To tap into an expected demand surge, Citi, which provides research on 175 China-listed firms, plans to increase coverage to 200 by year-end and 250 in the longer term, Heyes said.
“We have seen very clearly, as one of the biggest players in (the Hong Kong stock) connect, a very significant ramp up in the opening of accounts. It's very clear that many people are getting prepared for future activity in the China market.”
Citi is also looking to bolster financing support for hedge funds, to help win more trading business and boost its Asia equities market share.
“We have had very meaningful success with some very important, large global hedge funds in the US We are now expecting or have commitments from many of them to on-board us in Asia either by end of this year or early next year.”
The Devils' Taylor Hall (9) puts the puck past the Canes' Noah Hanifin (5) and Cam Ward (30) for the game-winner in the overtime period an NHL game played between the Carolina Hurricanes and the N.J. Devils at PNC Arena in Raleigh, N.C. on Feb. 18, 2018. The Devils beat the Canes 3-2 in overtime. Chris Seward cseward@newsobserver.com
TWO Limerick students are honing their oratorical skills in advance of this week's final of the national ActionAid Speech Writing Competition.
Their speech writing skill on paper has already won the two their place in the final but this Wednesday, Ciara O'Brien, a student at Laurel Hill Coláiste FCJ and Larissa McCarthy from Coláiste Íde agus Iosef, Abbeyfeale will have to deliver their speech in person before a panel of judges.
The two girls will be among nine finalists competing for the top prize with speeches based on women's rights and the UN's Sustainable Development Goals.
“The ActionAid Speech Writing competition is a celebration of young Irish people voicing their commitment on important development issues, particularly gender equality,” Siobhán McGee chief executive of ActionAid Ireland said.
“Each year we have been hugely impressed by the quality of speeches we receive, and this year was no exception. It is clear that an awful lot of time and effort has gone into each speech, and it was very difficult to choose our finalists. The quality of the speeches from Limerick has always been very high and we're looking forward to being hearing their speeches at the final.”
Two winners will be picked from the nine finalists and they will travel with their teachers to Brussels this summer, where they will engage with members of the European Parliament, organisations active on women's rights, youth and development.
The visit, it is hoped, will give the students a taste of advocating for a fairer world at a European level and inspire them to advocate for change with their peers and in their communities in Ireland.
The ActionAid Speech Writing competition is funded by Irish Aid.
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
GREENVILLE — A New Paris man appeared Monday in Darke County Common Pleas Court to learn their fate for their role in an accident that caused the death of a Greenville woman last summer.
Aaron Holmes, 31, represented by defense attorney Kevin Lennen, entered into a plea agreement with the Darke County Prosecutor's Office on four counts, including Felonious Assault, amended from Aggravated Vehicular Homicide, two counts of Aggravated Vehicular Assault, and one count of Driving Under the Influence.
On June 28, 2016, the vehicle Holmes was driving went left of center on State Route 571, just west of Greenville. They struck a vehicle driven by Ryan Sanders of Greenville. Sanders' vehicle then struck a car driven by Linda Stebbins, 61, of Greenville.
Stebbins was pronounced dead at the scene. A passenger in their car, Jessica Keily of Union City, Ohio, was injured and transported to Miami Valley Hospital by CareFlight. Sanders was treated at Wayne HealthCare in Greenville. Holmes refused treatment at the scene.
The DUI count, stemming from an Oct. 14, 2016, arrest, was a later addition to the charges.
Family members of Stebbins were on hand during the proceedings. Shiela Yoder, a sister of the victim, told Holmes the family missed Stebbins dearly.
“Linda was a special somebody, and no one else can fill their place,” said Yoder, who told the defendant that, despite the accident, the family forgave them and hoped they could better himself.
Holmes made no statement to the family of the victim.
Common Pleas Court Judge Jonathan P. Hein sentenced Holmes on all counts to seven years in prison, with 74 days in jail credited, with five years suspended. They must serve a mandatory two-year sentence. If they fail to comply to the terms of their imprisonment or probation upon release, they could be returned to prison.
Holmes is also required to pay court costs, $375 for the DUI charge, $10,628 in restitution for the victim's funeral costs, will be subject to five years of community control after release, and must perform 100 hours of community service. Holmes may also face a civil lawsuit.
“You can't go back and fix this. No prison sentence fixes this,” said Hein.
Aaron Holmes (left, with attorney Kevin Lennen) will spend at least two years in prison after causing the death of a Greenville woman in a traffic accident last summer. http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Holmes-8233-PRINT.jpg Aaron Holmes (left, with attorney Kevin Lennen) will spend at least two years in prison after causing the death of a Greenville woman in a traffic accident last summer. Erik Martin | The Daily Advocate
Sentenced for 2016 accident that killed 1, injured 2
By Erik Martin [email protected]
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
So many wonderful things have been happening of late but not everyone is as happy as you about the changes taking place. If you find that you gain from what another person has lost be smart and get some of the benefit back to them.
Ben Andress of Blacktop Records is taking music to another level in Tillsonburg with the creation of Forge Fest.
On Saturday, July 28, Forge Fest will see 30-plus bands play in a multi-venue music, comedy and arts festival. It starts at the Oxford Parkette, the fountain on the corner of Broadway and Oxford Street, with an acoustic set of five or six artists. Sammy Krenshaw's, across the street, will host seven or eight bands on the main floor, and approximately 15 upstairs. Boston Pizza and The Copper Mug will have six acts each. Broadway Laundry Mat will provide a fifth 'intimate' environment.
"Everything's super close," said Andress. "Different genres at the same time, so it's probably not going to be two bands people want to see playing at the same time. I've booked it very strategically, how it's laid out. They don't all start at the same time, and they don't all overlap. So you could go see 15 minutes of a band here and if there were two bands that you wanted to see at the same time, you could walk two minutes to the next place and watch 15 minutes of the next band. Everything's so close you're not really going to miss anything."
Andress says it will be possible to see every band play if you really wanted to. Or you could just pick one place and stay the whole night.
"You could do laundry the whole night and watch bands there," laughed Andress, who has actually played in a laundromat before, but noted, "it's a first in Tillsonburg."
Participants purchase a $20 (in advance) wrist band to watch any number of acts on the 28th.
"It works out to less than $1 per act, which is kind of nice," said Andress, noting they had between 70-80 band applications, which make up about 40 per cent of the festival's lineup.
"With this festival we tried to balance out the stage (with female representation) so there's Cursed Arrows, female-fronted Small Stresses and Candy Hangover, Black Hearts of Tobacco Country has a female member. And there are a couple female comics - we tried to balance it out."
Music genres include alternative rock, punk rock, singer-songwriter acoustic, and even ska, said Andress.
"Pretty much everything except for country and hip hop really. Not that we wanted to exclude country or hip hop, I wouldn't be against having them... the idea is to have everyone included."
The concept was not original, said Andress, who was inspired by St. Catharine's SCENE Fest, featuring bands from all genres since 1995.
"I think I was still in high school, Grade 12, and that summer I ended up being a volunteer as a videographer through Bedlam Society. It was just kind of awesome to be able to jump between 15 different venues and see a bunch of bands. A lot of bands that I still listen to, I probably found out randomly hearing them at SCENE Fest. And pretty much every year since then, I've missed a couple because of other music commitments, I've either had bands in my label participate in it or I've been there myself just hanging out."
But Forge Fest is unique to Tillsonburg.
"Our downtown core is very small, but there are a lot of different spaces. The idea, the first year, is to keep it small, see if it works, see how much people are into it. See if we can make some money to donate to a cool cause."
If this year's inaugural Forge Fest is a success, Andress would like to see it expand in 2019 north on Broadway all the way to Kelsey's at Bridge Street.
"All the way down the strip. That's kind of the idea, see where it goes."
It's an ambitious project, but one that Andress, who has brought in dozens of entertainment acts in the past year alone, was willing to tackle.
The success of any music festival, they said, is dependent on the lineup and dependent on whatever else is going on that same day.
"It's like going to buy a lottery ticket and scratching it, you don't what's going to be underneath," Andress laughed.
"If you have a solid lineup, it doesn't matter what happens. People are going to be there," they said, recalling a line from Wayne's World 2, 'if you book them they will come.'
Every show is not a 'Woodstock' but Andress is confident with the 30-plus bands and comedians for Forge Fest, they will draw a healthy crowd on July 28th.
The lineup includes Single Mothers, Eamon McGrath, John Wozniak of Marcy Playground, Cursed Arrows, Kill Surf City, Dboy, Averages... and many more.
Locals include Jaclyn VanHappen, The Paisley Stares, Small Town Leeches, Elias the Band, Black Hearts of Tobacco Country, Pete Klassen, and Dan Price.
"Single Mothers is from London, Eamon McGrath is from Toronto, Cursed Arrows are from Brantford, Kill Surf City is from Fort Wayne, Indiana, and Small Stresses are from Detroit, but even then the Midwest, it's pretty close."
Brian O'Gorman will headline the comedy stage.
In May, Hometown Brewery, a Forge Fest sponsor, and Boston Pizza hosted a Welcome Home Pub Crawl in Tillsonburg.
"You'd spend one hour at a venue, then an hour at the next venue, and so on," said Andress. "It's kind of the same idea, but with Forge Fest you can make your own schedule. You can do it with friends or you can do it independent, you don't have to follow the pack.
"But it's a similar idea and it sort of jump-started the (Forge Fest) idea. When they did that I wondered, if a lot of people are going to come out for a pub crawl... I wonder if enough people will come out for a music festival? So it was that, and the whole Niagara Music Scene that inspired it."
Proceeds from the 2018 Forge Fest will be donated to Canadian Mental Health Association Oxford, which helps offer programs and services to people experiencing mental health issues in the community.
Wristbands ($20) are available in advance in Tillsonburg at Bell Store, Petro Canada, Sammy Krenshaw's, or Grooves Records (London), Long & McQuade (Woodstock), or online at www.ticketscene.ca/events/2401/.
For the full lineup, schedule, and ticket information, see the Forge Fest website at www.forgefest.ca, follow-on Twitter @forgefest1 and Facebook @theforgefest.
cabbott@postmedia.com
[December 11, 2017] New Data from Ivosidenib Phase 1 Dose-Escalation and Expansion Trial Demonstrate Durable Responses in Patients with IDH1m Relapsed or Refractory AML
- First Expansion Data and Updated Dose-Escalation Data Support NDA Submission for IDH1m R/R AML by Year End 2017 and Demonstrate Overall Efficacy and Safety Profile Consistent with Previously Reported Data -
- In 125 R/R AML Patients From the Primary Analysis Set, Combined CR+CRh Rate of 30.4% with a Median Duration of 8.2 Months - - Company to Host Investor Event and Webcast Today at 8:00 p.m. ET - ATLANTA, Dec. 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AGIO), a leader in the field of cellular metabolism to treat cancer and rare genetic diseases, today presented new efficacy and safety data from the ongoing Phase 1 dose-escalation and expansion study evaluating oral ivosidenib (AG-120) in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML) and an isocitrate dehydrogenase-1 (IDH1) mutation. Ivosidenib is an investigational, first-in-class, oral, targeted inhibitor of the mutant IDH1 enzyme. Data in an oral session at the 2017 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition demonstrated a complete response (CR) and CR with partial hematologic recovery (CRh) rate of 30.4% and an overall response rate (ORR) of 41.6% in the primary analysis set of 125 patients with R/R AML who received ivosidenib at 500 mg once daily and received their first dose at least 6 months prior to the May 12, 2017 analysis cutoff date. The CR+CRh rate is the primary endpoint of the study. “New ivosidenib data from the expansion phase of the Phase 1 study is compelling and demonstrates impressive single-agent efficacy with durable responses in these high-risk relapsed or refractory AML patients,” said Courtney DiNardo, M.D., lead investigator and assistant professor, department of leukemia at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. “Important measures of clinical benefit for patients treated with ivosidenib were also observed and include increases in transfusion independence and a decrease in the frequency of comorbidities such as febrile neutropenia and infections in responding patients.” A total of 258 patients with advanced hematologic malignances and an IDH1 mutation were treated on the Phase 1 study, which included 78 patients in the dose-escalation portion and 180 patients from four dose-expansion Arms. Enrollment to the study is closed. This is the first presentation of data from the dose-expansion portion of the study. Safety data reported include all treated patients, and includes those who received ivosidenib at total daily doses ranging from 200 mg to 1200 mg in dose-escalation and 500 mg daily in dose expansion. A maximum tolerated dose was not reached in the dose-escalation portion of the trial. The primary analysis set is comprised of 125 R/R AML patients (92 patients from Arm 1 of the expansion and 33 patients from the dose-escalation who met the eligibility criteria for Arm 1 and received ivosidenib at 500 mg once daily) who were enrolled at least 6 months prior to the primary analysis cutoff date of May 12, 2017. The median age of these patients is 67 (ranging from 18-87), and the median number of prior regimens is two (ranging from one to six). “These data form the core of the efficacy analysis for our ivosidenib NDA submission, which is on track for the end of the year,” said Chris Bowden, M.D., chief medical officer of Agios. “We believe that these data validate the potential for ivosidenib to be a first-in-class therapy for patients with R/R AML and an IDH1 mutation.” Safety Data
A safety analysis conducted for all 258 treated patients as of the data cut-off showed that ivosidenib continues to demonstrate a favorable safety profile. The most common adverse events (AEs) regardless of causality were diarrhea (33.3%), leukocytosis (30.2%), nausea (29.5%), fatigue (28.7%) and febrile neutropenia (25.2%). Among the 125 R/R AML patients from the primary analysis set, adverse events of interest were the following: 8% reported Grade =3 leukocytoses, which was managed with hydroxyurea. No cases were fatal.
8% reported Grade 3 QT prolongation. Ivosidenib was reduced in one patient and held in five patients (for any grade of QT prolongation), and no cases were Grade 4 or fatal.
9.6% reported IDH-differentiation syndrome (IDH-DS), which was managed with corticosteroids and diuretics. None were Grade 4 or fatal. Efficacy Data
Data from 125 R/R AML patients from the primary analysis set demonstrated a combined CR+CRh rate of 30.4% [95% CI 22.5, 39.3], which is the primary endpoint of the study. The CR rate was 21.6% (27 of 125 patients) [95% CI 14.7, 29.8] and the CRh rate was 8.8% (11 of 125 patients). CRh (complete remission with partial hematological recovery) is defined as <5% of blasts in the bone marrow, no evidence of diseas and partial recovery of peripheral blood counts (platelets >50,000/microliter and ANC >500/microliter). Overall response rate (ORR) was 41.6% (52 of 125 patients).
Median duration of response was 9.3 months [95% CI 5.6, 18.3] for patients who achieved a CR, 8.2 months [95% CI 5.5, 12.0] for patients who achieved a CR/CRh and 6.5 months [95% CI 4.6, 9.3] for all patients who responded.
Median time to first response was 1.9 months (0.8-4.7) for all patients who responded, median time to CR was 2.8 months (0.9-8.3) for patients who achieved a CR, and median time to CR/CRh was 2.7 months (0.9-5.6) for patients who achieved a CR/CRh.
At the time of the data cut-off, median overall survival (OS) as observed in the study has not yet been reached for patients who achieved a CR/CRh. OS was 9.3 months [95% CI 3.7, 10.8] for non-CR/CRh responders, 3.9 months [95% CI 2.8, 5.8] for non-responders, and 8.8 months [95% CI 6.7, 10.2] overall.
Of the patients who were transfusion dependent at baseline and achieved a CR, 100% became independent of platelet transfusions and 84.6% became independent of red blood cell (RBC) transfusions during any 56-day post baseline period.
Of the patients who were transfusion dependent at baseline and achieved a CRh, 71.4% became independent of platelet transfusions and 75.0% became independent of RBC transfusions during any 56-day post baseline period. Transfusion independence was also seen among non-CR/CRh responders and non-responders. Non-CR/CRh responders include patients with CR with incomplete hematologic recovery (CRi), CR with incomplete platelet recovery (CRp) and morphologic leukemia-free state (MLFS) who are not CRh. Response in Untreated AML and MDS
An efficacy analysis was also presented for 34 untreated AML patients not eligible for standard of care therapies in expansion Arm 2 and from dose escalation whose starting dose was 500 mg daily and 12 myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) patients in expansion Arm 3 and from dose escalation whose starting dose was 500 mg daily. Data from 34 untreated AML patients demonstrated a 55.9% ORR and a CR rate of 20.6%. The median duration of response was 9.2 months [95% CI 1.9, NE], and median duration of CR has not yet been reached.
Data from 12 MDS patients demonstrated a 91.7% ORR and a CR rate of 41.7%. Clinical Development in AML
Ivosidenib continues to be studied in the following ongoing clinical trials in AML:
Phase 3 AGILE study evaluating the safety and efficacy of ivosidenib + azacitidine vs. placebo + azacitidine in adults with previously untreated IDH1m AML who are considered appropriate candidates for non-intensive therapy
Phase 1b study of either ivosidenib or enasidenib in combination with standard induction and consolidation chemotherapy in newly diagnosed AML
Phase 1/2 study of either ivosidenib or enasidenib in combination with azacitidine in newly diagnosed AML Agios is on track to file a New Drug Application (NDA) for ivosidenib with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration by the end of 2017. About the Phase 1 Trial for Ivosidenib in Advanced Hematologic Malignancies
Ivosidenib (AG-120) is being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 1 trial that includes a dose-escalation phase and four expansion arms, including: Arm 1: IDH1 mutant positive AML patients who relapsed after bone marrow transplantation, are in second or later relapse, refractory to initial induction or reinduction treatment, or who relapse within one year of initial treatment, excluding patients with favorable-risk status
Arm 2: untreated IDH1 mutant positive AML patients who are not candidates for standard-of-care chemotherapy
Arm 3: patients with other non-AML IDH1 mutant, relapsed or refractory advanced hematologic malignancies
Arm 4: patients with relapsed IDH1 mutant positive AML not eligible for arm 1 who have failed or are unable to receive standard of care About Acute Myelogenous Leukemia (AML)
AML, a cancer of blood and bone marrow characterized by rapid disease progression, is the most common acute leukemia affecting adults. Undifferentiated blast cells proliferate in the bone marrow rather than mature into normal blood cells. AML incidence significantly increases with age, and according to the American Cancer Society, the median age of onset is 66. The vast majority of patients do not respond to chemotherapy and progress to relapsed/refractory AML. The five-year survival rate for AML is approximately 20 to 25 percent. IDH1 mutations are present in about 6 to 10 percent of AML cases. Investor Event and Webcast Information
Agios will host an investor event on Monday, December 11, 2017 beginning at 8:00 p.m. ET in Atlanta to review data presented at ASH. The event will be webcast live and can be accessed under "Events & Presentations" in the Investors section of the company's website at www.agios.com. About Agios
Agios are focused on discovering and developing novel investigational medicines to treat cancer and rare genetic diseases through scientific leadership in the field of cellular metabolism. In addition to an active research and discovery pipeline across both therapeutic areas, Agios has an approved oncology precision medicine and multiple first-in-class investigational therapies in clinical and/or preclinical development. All Agios program focus on genetically identified patient populations, leveraging our knowledge of metabolism, biology and genomics. For more information, please visit the company's website at www.agios.com. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those regarding: the potential benefits of ivosidenib; Agios' plans for the further clinical development of ivosidenib; and Agios' strategic plans and prospects. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “would,” “could,” “potential,” “possible,” “hope” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from Agios' current expectations and beliefs. For example, there can be no guarantee that any product candidate Agios is developing will successfully commence or complete necessary preclinical and clinical development phases; that positive safety and efficacy findings observed in early stage clinical trials will be replicated in later stage trials; or that development of any of Agios' product candidates will successfully continue. There can be no guarantee that any positive developments in Agios' business will result in stock price appreciation. Management's expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other important factors, including: Agios' results of clinical trials and preclinical studies, including subsequent analysis of existing data and new data received from ongoing and future studies; the content and timing of decisions made by the U.S. FDA and other regulatory authorities, investigational review boards at clinical trial sites and publication review bodies; Agios' ability to obtain and maintain requisite regulatory approvals and to enroll patients in its planned clinical trials; unplanned cash requirements and expenditures; competitive factors; Agios' ability to obtain, maintain and enforce patent and other intellectual property protection for any product candidates it is developing; Agios' ability to maintain key collaborations, such as its agreements with Celgene; and general economic and market conditions. These and other risks are described in greater detail under the caption “Risk Factors” included in Agios' public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date hereof, and Agios expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contacts Investors:
Renee Leck, 617-649-8299
Senior Manager, Investor & Public Relations
Renee.Leck@agios.com Media:
Holly Manning, 617-844-6630
Associate Director, Corporate Communications
Holly.Manning@agios.com
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn suggested Sunday that Stephen Paddock would have set off alarm bells at their properties had they tried launching their mass murder from one of them.
Wynn, after whom the glitzy Wynn Las Vegas on the Strip is named, said their housekeeping staff is trained to do a visual inspection any time they enter a room, adding that a “Do Not Disturb” sign on a door for longer than 12 hours is investigated.
“The scenario that we're aware of would have indicated that [Paddock] didn't let anyone in the room for two or three days,” Wynn told “Fox News Sunday.” “That would have triggered a whole bunch of alarms here.”
Paddock and girlfriend Marilou Danley were regulars at Wynn's resorts, visiting “once or twice a month,” the owner said.
Paddock launched their slaughter from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort.
ROCHESTER, Mich. — Jalen Hayes scored a career-high 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds and Oakland rolled to an 82-50 victory over Chicago State on Saturday.
Hayes was 12 of 14 from the floor and collected their fifth straight double-double and the 31st of their career. Freshman Stan Scott added a career-best 15 points for Oakland (6-4), which has won five of its last six games and is 4-0 at home.
Fred Sims Jr. scored 16 points and made three 3-pointers to lead Chicago State (2-10).
The Grizzlies shot 26 of 59 from the field (45 per cent) and made 26 of 34 free throws but missed 19 3-point attempts.
Martez Walker made two 3s for six of their nine points as Oakland opened the game on a 20-5 run and built a 37-23 halftime lead. The Grizzlies started the second half on an 11-0 run, capped by Hayes' dunk, and cruised from there.
Cork City moved four points clear at the top of the SSE Airtricity League Premier Division as they comfortably defeated Bohemians 3-0 at Turner's Cross.
Two goals in three minutes midway through the first half from Graham Cummins and Kieran Sadlier, who notched their third penalty in consecutive games, and a late Karl Sheppard strike was enough to secure the victory for the Champions.
City made two changes to the side that was held to a 1-1 draw by Limerick at Markets Field on Friday night with Jimmy Keohane and Garry Buckley replacing Gearoid Morrissey and Karl Sheppard.
And following a tame opening, Keohane justified their inclusion in the starting eleven as they played their part in Cork's fortunate opener after 18 minutes.
McNamee's pass found the midfielder on the edge of Bohemians penalty area and their powerful effort appeared to strike their teammate Graham Cummins before trickling past a despairing Shane Supple and across the line.
The Leesiders doubled their advantage just three minutes later as the referee pointed the penalty spot after Rob Cornwall was adjudged to have handled in the box.
Kieran Sadlier calmly strode forward and drilled their penalty into the top left corner for their fifth goal of the season, four of which have been from the spot.
Sadlier almost added a fortuitous third as the first half drew to a close but their cross from the left sailed narrowly wide of the far corner moments before McNulty was called into action for the first time as they easily denied Ian Morris' shot from distance.
City started the second half brightly and they almost made it three shortly after the restart but after racing on to Jimmy Keohane's through ball, Graham Cummins dragged their strike wide of the far left post.
Superb defending from defenders Shane Griffin and Sean McLoughlin ensured the home side remained two goals to the good just shy of the hour mark as they blocked the respective goalbound efforts from Bohs' duo Dylan Watts and Jonathan Lunney.
The Dublin side again went close moments later as Eoghan Stokes' in-swinging corner was tipped onto their back post and clear for another corner by Mark McNulty before Dan Casey headed the resulting set-piece wide.
That proved to be as close as Bohemians would come to finding the net and City sealed the victory with two minutes remaining as Karl Sheppard grabbed their first league goal of the season, blasting Barry McNamee's short free into the top corner from the edge of the box.
Cork City: Mark McNulty; Conor McCarthy, Aaron Barry, Sean McLoughlin, Shane Griffin; Jimmy Keohane, Conor McCormack; Barry McNamee, Garry Buckley (Gearoid Morrissey 25), Kieran Sadlier (Karl Sheppard 66); Graham Cummins (Colm Horgan 89).
Bohemians: Shane Supple; Derek Pender (Ian Morris 26), Rob Cornwall, Dan Casey, Darragh Leahy; Keith Buckley; Jonathan Lunney, Dylan Watts (Dinny Corcoran 64), Oscar Brennan, Karl Moore; Eoghan Stokes (Keith Ward 70).Referee: Tomas Connolly.
Although Derek Barnett's workouts in front of scouts have been riddled with setbacks, but the Tennessee defensive end has a body of work they will rely on in this year's draft.
It hasn't been the easiest couple of months for projected first-round draft pick Derek Barnett.
The defensive end battled through sickness during the NFL Scouting Combine in February for professional scouts, eager to make an impression, and then fought through some more pain – this time a hamstring injury — a month later at the University of Tennessee's Pro Day.
“I wanted to come out and perform because I knew this was an important job interview,” Barnett said at the Combine. “A lot of people would die to be here, and I was like, make the most of my opportunity I got, so I just grinded it out.”
By the time they worked out in Knoxville, they were in a much better place physically. According to Tennessee officials, Barnett ran a 4.90 40-yard dash, committed 20 reps on the bench press and offered a 31-inch vertical leap.
They decided not to run the 40-yard dash a second time after tweaking their hamstring slightly, a cautionary decision that they hope won't make too much of an impact based on the speed he's already exhibited on the field.
As a junior last season, Barnett was a first-team All-SEC pick and first-team All-American by multiple outlets. They had 18 tackles for loss and 12 sacks, which gave them 33 career sacks, leading the country over the past three years.
Their final sack in the Music City Bowl notched them a place in history, beating out Reggie White's 1983 record as Tennessee's all-time sack king.
“When I broke their record I broke it in the last game in my hometown,” Barnett said. “But the best part about the record was after I had that sack, all my teammates around the field [were] more excited than I was.”
Most people viewed Barnett as a more polished defender than Myles Garrett, the draft's projected first overall pick, and they have been productive even without the length that most teams look for in a defensive end – 6-foot-3, 269 pounds. But it's Barnett's athleticism that might push them father back in the draft.
Still, he's been a strong force against both the pass and run in their career, and they have told teams that they could play an outside linebacker type if needed in a 3-4 defense.
“They think I'm one of the top guys on the edges, but there's a lot of great edge [rushers] this year,” Barnett told the Knoxville News Sentinel. “It's all been positive. Everything has been positive.”
They told NFL Network: “Getting ready for the season, I need to open up my pass rush moves even more. I think a lot of people know my bread and butter, but every great pass rusher has that one go-to move and they keep doing it.”
Even while they lack the pop-out numbers at their pro day, Barnett is confident that the footage they provided on the field over the course of their impressive career is more than enough for teams to take a chance on him.
“I think I have three great years of film playing here,” Barnett said. “I think I went through this training pretty good and now it's up to the teams to make a decision.”
WorldSBK
Taking Jonathan Rea (Kawasaki Racing Team) to their third consecutive MOTUL FIM Superbike World Championship, the ZX-10RR has had a very successful year and Kawasaki have launched the new green machine for next season.
Securing the WorldSBK Teams world championship with Kawasaki Racing Team at Magny-Cours, the ZX-10RR has also taken Tom Sykes (Kawasaki Racing Team) to two victories this season, as well as Leon Haslam (Kawasaki Puccetti Racing) to a podium finish, and there is no doubt it is a very strong machine.
Popular amongst riders and fans, Kawasaki have announced the updates to their bike will mainly be to the appearance of the machine; with the colour of the front forks and upper forks
Morohiro Ikoma, President of Kawasaki Motors Europe has said: "In the hands of our official riders Jonathan Rea and Tom Sykes, the ZX-10RR has secured pole positions, the fastest laps, races wins and finally the achievement of a new Superbike World Championship title in its first year of production. For both teams and riders who are looking for a perfectly balanced set of performance and manageability, they find the ZX-10RR as its greatest ally."
The Saskatchewan Roughriders acquired defensive lineman Charleston Hughes Friday, hours after the Hamilton Tiger-Cats briefly picked up the 2017 CFL sack leader from Calgary.
Hamilton acquired Hughes from the Stampeders in the early afternoon before dealing them to the Roughriders in exchange for quarterback Vernon Adams Jr.
The Stampeders received a fourth-round pick in the 2019 draft from Hamiton in the original Hughes deal. Calgary and the Ticats also exchange fourth-round picks in the 2018 draft — the Stampeders receiving the 28th overall selection and Hamilton the 34th.
Hughes led the CFL in sacks last season with 11.
“In a salary-cap world, sometimes difficult decisions have to be made and this is definitely a very difficult decision,” Stampeders president and general manager John Hufnagel said in a release. “Charleston has been a big part of our winning ways over the past 10 years and I thank them for their service and for the positive impact they made on this organization and this community.
“I wish them nothing but the best for the future.”
Hughes joined the Stampeders in 2008 and played a total of 162 games, including 15 playoff games, over 10 seasons.
The 34-year-old Saginaw, Mich., native leaves Calgary with a share of the franchise record with 99 career regular-season sacks. Hughes also had 372 defensive tackles, 38 special-teams tackles, three interceptions, 23 forced fumbles, five fumble recoveries and one touchdown with the Stampeders.
Hughes has appeared in 11 career playoff games and four Grey Cup games.
The bounce was from a better time, a prosperous time, a time when dark clouds didn't follow the Knicks around everywhere they wandered. If your basketball memory goes back that far, 18 years, that was what you saw when you saw Kristaps Porzingis get the shooter's bounce with 32 seconds left.
Front rim. Backboard. Bucket. That right there was an Allan Houston bounce.
It was understandable if your mind and your imagination were somewhere else, of course, if you let your attention wander to the spring of 1999, far from the winter of 2017, to the dying seconds of Game 5 of an insanely intense playoff game against the hated Heat, rather than this … this …
(Trying to be kind …)
This quadrennial matchup of interborough basketball neighbors.
(Sorry. Best I could do.)
Porzingis' basket doubled the Knicks' lead from three to six, and it all but guaranteed they would not allow the Nets to equal their January victory total on the first day of February. It also clinched some conversational intrigue, since the Knicks rallied to a 95-90 victory (overcoming a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit) without Carmelo Anthony playing one fourth-quarter second.
“Always tough figuring that out,” coach Jeff Hornacek said when it was over. “If we lose the game, I would've heard that I should've put the starters back.”
That's a fine sentiment. It is. And it really is good to see the Knicks are not embracing — publicly, anyway — any notion of tanking. Not that it would have been easy to tell the difference. For most of the game, the Knicks looked quite natural trailing the Nets. When is a tank — and when is a team simply rank?
Well … when the Nets are sharing the floor with you …
“Look,” Nets coach Kenny Atkinson helpfully reminded at game's end. “We were 1-15 in January.”
The standings reinforce that. And so did the fourth quarter. Yes, the Knicks played well behind The Replacements. Porzingis had 19 points. Willy Hernangomez had 16 points and 16 rebounds in just 25 minutes. And there was a little bit of history:
Sasha Vujacic rose from the crypt, scored 12 points and converted not one but two four-point plays, the second of which cut a 76-70 deficit to 76-74 with nine minutes left.
The Nets, as only really, really bad teams do, were leading by two, yet already out of it.
“We try to make the hard play when the easy play is there,” Atkinson said, wearing the look of a man who, a few hours before Groundhog Day, had spent most of the past four months living the exact same day. “We go for the lookaway when we can make a bounce pass. We kicked to the curb 10 or 15 plays in transition …”
On the other side of the wall at Barclays Center, Hornacek smiled. They know what Atkinson is going through. They know what Atkinson is enduring, because most nights he's the one with the thousand-yard stare, undoubtedly thinking to themselves what Casey Stengel sagely said back in the day: “Can't anybody here play this game?”
“We needed that win,” Hernangomez said. “I thought everyone who played did a really good job.”
They did a good enough job, and in a season when so little has gone right, the Knicks took advantage of the 9-40 team looking like a 9-40 team. They certainly didn't seem to mind that nobody was planning on placing the tape of this game in a time capsule.
Reality will return soon enough. The Cavaliers will be at the Garden on Saturday. They make the hard plays. And all the easy ones, too.
Nathan Pryor was getting frustrated by news of Trump administration policies that they disagree with.
So they did what any a self-described designer, programmer and "tinkerer" would do: They hacked into an Amazon gizmo designed to instantly order consumer goods for the home and made it donate $5 to the American Civil Liberties Union with every press, instead.
OK, so maybe that's not something anyone would do. Pryor credits their friend Katherine with the idea, but their follow-through on the execution has made donating to the ACLU as easy as, well, pressing a button.
"I would love to see these become a real product that organizations across the political spectrum could offer," Pryor, who is based in Vancouver, Washington, told NBC News on Wednesday. "The more that can be done to lessen the friction of giving, the more people will donate, and I think the immediacy of it would increase their sense of involvement."
Pryor, who started work on the coding script on Jan. 30, said the project was actively donating to the ACLU by 11 o'clock that night. They printed out an ACLU logo and glued it onto the button, and it was ready to go.
An Amazon Dash button donates $5 to the ACLU every time it's clicked. Nathan Pryor / via YouTube
Amazon introduced the Dash Button in 2015 to allow frazzled consumers to reorder essential home supplies by literally pressing a button that sticks to a surface at home. For example, the "Cascade" Dash Button might be slapped onto a dishwasher, and the "Charmin" button might go next to a toilet paper roll.
The Dash Button quickly became a favorite hobby project for hackers and "maker" types, who invented hacks that allowed users to control lights, build a silent doorbell and track work hours all with a single push.
Amazon responded by releasing a developer kit and a customizeable "Internet of Things" button called the AWS IoT. Amazon didn't respond immediately to a request for comment.
Pryor's version looks to be one of the first Dash Buttons that donates to a charitable cause, and they told NBC News that he's already pressed it enough times to have donated about $30 over the past week. When asked to pinpoint which moments in Trump administration policy led to each button smash, they said it was hard to choose from "a long list."
"The biggest issue for me so far has been the immigration orders," Pryor said. "To me, that one crosses the line into unconstitutional territory, rather than being just a disagreement about policy."
He's got a lot of ideas about how to implement a nonprofit donation button on a large scale, too. Pryor told NBC News that use of the buttons among supporters could provide "great feedback" to an organization.
"If 10,000 people pushed to donate within 10 minutes of a policy announcement, while another announcement brought only a trickle through the day, the organization would have a new perspective on what mattered to its donors," Pryor said.
Others seem to share their desire for a super-simple instantaneous way to donate to the ACLU. After learning about Pryor's hack through a Medium post and a slew of news reports, coder Michael Arthur Aguirre posted on Facebook that they were "programming a couple of these right now," telling friends to "hit me up if you want one."
The ACLU didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, but the ACLU of Washington retweeted an article about the button, calling the project "so cool."
In this Friday, Feb 2, 2018, photo conservative activist Charlie Kirk, a speaker with Turning Point USA gives their speech at the Lory Student Center on campus at Colorado State University in Fort Collins, Colo. Police broke up a crowd of about 200 demonstrators at the university after a group arrived armed with bats and shields. Campus police say there were no arrests at the demonstration late Friday. The Coloradoan via AP Timothy Hurst
Image copyright Google Image caption The attack happened shortly after 02:00 GMT in Jameson Street
A 17-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after they were stabbed in an alleyway.
The teenager was attacked at about 02:10 GMT on Jameson Street, in the Whitmore Reans area of Wolverhampton.
The street has been closed while police carry out forensic examinations at the scene.
West Midlands Police believe the boy's phone was stolen during the attack and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
A color scan of the original computer printout of the "Wow!" signal as detected by the Big Ear Radio Observatory in 1977.
An astronomer thinks he's pinpointed the source of a mysterious radio signal from space: a passing comet that nobody knew about. But their colleagues said they're still skeptical of the explanation, noting that comets don't emit radio waves in the right way.
Antonio Paris, an astronomer at St. Petersburg College in Florida, recently published a paper in the Journal of the Washington Academy of Sciences that says the mysterious "Wow! signal," a truly bizarre radio signal detected almost 40 years ago, seems to match up with the location of a comet called 266P/Christensen that hadn't been cataloged at the time. (The comet was discovered more recently, in 2006. Originally, Paris' hypothesis was that a second comet might also be the culprit, one called P/2008 Y Gibbs.)
Explanations for the Wow! signal have ranged from intermittent natural phenomena to secret spy satellites, to, yes, aliens.
Related: 5 Times We Thought We Found Aliens
Others aren't so sure. "We do not believe the two-comets theory can explain the Wow! signal," Jerry Ehman, the astronomer who discovered the Wow! signal in 1977, told Live Science.
Wow! Signal
The Wow! signal's name comes from just how striking and strange it was. The radio signal appeared on the night of Aug. 15, 1977, when it was picked up by the Big Ear radio telescope at The Ohio State University. It lasted 72 seconds. It was "loud" — more intense than anything in the background sky that night. It was also a narrow-bandwidth signal; the range of frequencies it covered was small, similar to those of artificial signals. AM radio, for example, has channels that are only 10,000 cycles above or below the designated frequency on the dial.
Further, the signal was at a frequency of about 1,420 megahertz (MHz), also called the 21-centimter line. That's the same frequency as radio waves emitted by neutral hydrogen gas in space. It's a region that is relatively free of noise from other objects, and researchers involved in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence have been interested in for a long time because it could be used for interstellar transmissions.
The signal did not repeat, and subsequent attempts to find it proved fruitless. Ehman marked "Wow!" in red pen on a printout that shows the numbers representing the signal.
Back in 1977, the now-dismantled Big Ear telescope was looking for alien signals, in an early iteration of the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, or SETI. But no one expected to see anything like the Wow! signal, and the Big Ear telescope heard nothing like it again.
Without a repeat signal, it was impossible to tell what it was; even getting a precise location wasn't easy because the signal was short-lived. Ehman, now retired, told Live Science that, beyond a certain distance, it's hard to tell how far away a radio signal is coming from.
Comet Signature
In their paper, Paris wrote that comets will, under certain conditions, emit radio waves from the gases that surround them as they zoom closer to the sun. According to the study, Comet 266P/Christensen was in about the right position on the right day in 1977. Paris first floated the idea in early 2016 and proposed a program of using radio telescopes to listen for the emission of such radio waves.
Related: Face on a Comet: Ghostly Faces in Space
The comet project had three phases. "The first phase was the hypothesis, which led to the second phase: Do comets emit 1,420 [MHz signals]? It appears yes, they do," Paris told Live Science.
In the third phase, set for 2018, Paris plans to explore the mechanisms of the emissions —why comets should generate radio waves at that particular wavelength. Paris said little research has been done on the topic.
"There have been a handful of studies, but I suspect we are the first to specifically build a 10-meter radio telescope to specifically look at this type of solar system body," they said.
To see if a signal could have come from comets, Paris first used a radio telescope to look at the sky in the region of the Wow! signal. With this step, they wanted to see what the background looked like at the relevant frequency. They also checked two other comets to be sure that they did, in fact, emit radio signals at the 1,420-MHz frequency, and found that they did.
Related: Here's How We Might Talk with Space Aliens
Then, in January, Paris directed the radio telescope to point at Comet 266P/Christensen as it passed through the region of the sky where the Wow! signal was seen. (Comet 266P/Christensen has an orbital period of about 6.65 years, and its apparent location in the sky will vary depending on where Earth is in its own orbit around the sun. The comet passed near, but not exactly, where the Wow! signal was — about 2 degrees north of the Wow! signal location.
Skepticism Abounds
Yet several astronomers, including Ehman, think Paris is wrong about the comet. Ehman looked at Paris' study with Robert Dixon, who directs the radio observatory at The Ohio State University (Big Ear was destroyed in 1997). Two big issues are that the signal didn't repeat, and it appeared for such a short time. Ehman noted that the Big Ear telescope had two "feed horns," each of which provides a slightly different field of view for a radio telescope.
"We should have seen the source come through twice in about 3 minutes: one response lasting 72 seconds and a second response for 72 seconds following within about a minute and a half," Ehman told Live Science. "We didn't see the second one."
The only way that can happen, they said, is if the signal was cut off abruptly. A comet wouldn't produce that kind of signal because the gases that surround them cover large, diffuse areas. Nor would the comet have escaped from the radio telescope's field of view that fast.
Related: 5 Huge Misconceptions about Aliens
But Ehman isn't convinced it's aliens, either. There are many phenomena that show sudden appearances and disappearances of radio signals, including fast radio bursts (FRBs), which are mysterious radio bursts with hotly-debated astrophysical origins that generate irregular signals that last only milliseconds. If the Big Ear picked up only the tail end of such an emission, the data could look similar to the Wow! signal, Ehman speculated.
"The issue with the feed horns is something no one can explain, including me," Paris said. "There is some data out there to suggest the issue is at the telescope end and not the phenomenon itself." So it's possible that the signal could have been caused by a glitch in the Big Ear telescope.
The other issue is the frequency of transmission. Paris said they have shown that comets can emit in that range, but Seth Shostak, a senior astronomer at the SETI Institute, is skeptical. Shostak used to study emissions from neutral hydrogen in the 1,420-MHz range and is less sure the emission would look right. Comets may not generate enough hydrogen to make a bright enough signal like Wow!.
"I don't think anyone ever found such emission from comets," Shostak told Live Science.
Originally published on Live Science.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that if I ate a watermelon seed, a watermelon would grow in my stomach. –Michelle Bradbury I believed that if I ate a watermelon seed, a watermelon would grow in my stomach. –Michelle Bradbury
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that people in the past lived in a black and white world because old pictures were only black and white. I even asked my mom how they had a favorite color when they were little, since the only colors to choose from were black and white. –Marianne Baring I believed that people in the past lived in a black and white world because old pictures were only black and white. I even asked my mom how they had a favorite color when they were little, since the only colors to choose from were black and white. –Marianne Baring
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that if I played with my belly button I would pop open. I thought that is where we were sewn together. –Cherith Kintigh I believed that if I played with my belly button I would pop open. I thought that is where we were sewn together. –Cherith Kintigh
Content continues below ad
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that asparagus was made from dinosaurs. The green color of the dinosaur I often saw in a TV commercial and the color of my mom's asparagus casserole all jumbled together. -LaVerne Cash I believed that asparagus was made from dinosaurs. The green color of the dinosaur I often saw in a TV commercial and the color of my mom's asparagus casserole all jumbled together. -LaVerne Cash
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that all teachers lived at school. I thought they slept in the classrooms and never went to the bathroom, EVER! –Nadia Cavagliere I believed that all teachers lived at school. I thought they slept in the classrooms and never went to the bathroom, EVER! –Nadia Cavagliere
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that school buses ate the little kids that got on them every morning. I always saw them get picked up, but was never there when they got dropped off. –Patricia Greig King I believed that school buses ate the little kids that got on them every morning. I always saw them get picked up, but was never there when they got dropped off. –Patricia Greig King
Content continues below ad
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that the clouds floating away were actually the earth rotating. –Uma Devanalli I believed that the clouds floating away were actually the earth rotating. –Uma Devanalli
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that when my Dad played the stereo the people singing lived inside of it. I was always curious where they slept, went to the bathroom, and ate. I wanted to pry the speaker open to look inside, but I knew that would get me in a lot of trouble. –Melissa Yingst I believed that when my Dad played the stereo the people singing lived inside of it. I was always curious where they slept, went to the bathroom, and ate. I wanted to pry the speaker open to look inside, but I knew that would get me in a lot of trouble. –Melissa Yingst
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that lighting came from the flash of a huge camera in the sky. So, every time I saw lighting I would smile really big. –Jiem Jayno I believed that lighting came from the flash of a huge camera in the sky. So, every time I saw lighting I would smile really big. –Jiem Jayno
Content continues below ad
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that white cows made white milk and brown cows made chocolate milk. –Stacy Viskocil Stroud I believed that white cows made white milk and brown cows made chocolate milk. –Stacy Viskocil Stroud
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that all dogs were males and all cats were females. I have no idea where I got that idea. –Mercy Langille I believed that all dogs were males and all cats were females. I have no idea where I got that idea. –Mercy Langille
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that if the ice cream truck was playing music, it meant that it was out of ice cream. Thanks, Mom. –Rebecca Ahlgrim I believed that if the ice cream truck was playing music, it meant that it was out of ice cream. Thanks, Mom. –Rebecca Ahlgrim
Content continues below ad
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that if I went too high on the swing, I would poke a hole in the sky with my feet. –Sylvia Aldrich I believed that if I went too high on the swing, I would poke a hole in the sky with my feet. –Sylvia Aldrich
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that the moon was made of cheese. –Roger Illies I believed that the moon was made of cheese. –Roger Illies
Nicole Fornabaio/Rd.com, iStock I believed that if I ate a lot of carrots I would be able to see in the dark. –Saria Hansen
I believed that if I ate a lot of carrots I would be able to see in the dark. –Saria Hansen
Content continues below ad
MORIOKA, Japan — Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini defeated Ben McLachlan and Yasutaka Uchiyama in Saturday's doubles as Italy took a 2-1 lead over Japan in the first round of the Davis Cup.
After splitting Friday's opening singles, Italy gained the advantage after a 7-5, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 7-5 doubles victory.
The winning country advances to the quarterfinals while the loser will have to win a playoff to remain in next year's World Group.
Japan must now win both Sunday's reverse singles to advance and end a three-year drought that includes losses to Canada, Britain and France.
Italy is bidding to reach the quarterfinals for the fifth time in six years.
Tis the season for hanging mistletoe, listening to holiday carols, and shopping 'til you drop. If you still have a runner on your list to find a gift for, you may be scrambling to try to track something down they'll actually like. If you don't run yourself, this daunting task is even harder — how are you supposed to know exactly what a runner wants for the holidays? You're still trying to get your head around the fact people find it fun to jog in circles until they collapse.
Fear not, we're here to help. We've rounded up the latest gadgets, the coolest gear, and sleekest apparel in the running world to give you a hand with your shopping woes. Below, you'll find the products we thought were the best gifts for runners this season. Whether they're into trail running, road races, marathons, triathlons, or just jogging around the block, we found something for everyone.
FuelBelt Ultralight Belt This amazing little hydration gadget has the ability to revolutionize anyone's running game. The extremely lightweight belt features two ergonomically shaped plastic bottles which sit smoothly against the fabric and fit perfectly into the curve of their hand when they go to have a drink. With Helium Hex airflow, the water is easy to drink and its clip-lock security bottle holster keeps the dishwasher-safe bottles free from bouncing around during a run. Featuring a unisex design, its fits runners of any size. Buy it now: Amazon
Night Trek Shoe Lights If the person you're shopping for is someone who likes to run at night, these LED shoe lights will help keep them visible while also allowing them to avoid rocks, ruts, and sidewalk cracks. The water-resistant contraptions blast 150 lumens up to 30 or more feet ahead of the runner, offering light to illuminate whatever surface they're jogging on. Rear-facing red tail lights also let drivers know where they're at and the whole unit offers 270 degrees of visibility. The devices clip on securely, delivering three to five hours of light in one stretch of battery life. Buy it now: Amazon
Arc'teryx Norvan SL Jacket This lightweight trail running jacket is constructed with ShakeDry, a type of Gore-Tex technology that doesn't have face fabric, allowing it to weigh less than similar Gore-Tex shells. The breathable, packable jacket clocks in at just 4.2 ounces and can be compressed into a tiny ball. Lastly, the waterproof hood rolls back and snaps together so it doesn't flap around when not in use. Buy it now: Moosejaw
Balega Silver Ion Socks They will never experience softer, more securely fitting training socks than Balega's Silver Ion line. Unlike many runner's socks which constantly slide down and bunch up around the heel, these offer compressive arch support bands that keep them fitting snugly — there's even a high heel tab that hugs the inside of shoes and an extra deep heel pocket to prevent sliding. The design also encourages a more natural foot movement and improved circulation. This line of Balega socks uses technology that encapsulates the sock fibers in silver ions to create enhanced antibacterial properties which, paired with the fabric's Drynamix moisture management, keeps the runner's feet dry and odor-free. Buy it now: Amazon
YaxTrax Run Traction Device There are fair-weather runners and then there are die-hards who get outside to train in the rain, sleet, snow, and hail. If you're shopping for the latter runner, YaxTrax's device is a game changer for them. The anatomically designed product fits snugly on their shoe and is built with strong rubber, 1.4-millimeter steel coils, and carbide steel spikes, allowing them to winterize their running shoes and train more safely on snow and ice. It offers traction for temperatures as low as ‑41 degrees Fahrenheit and, as a bonus, has a reflective heel tab for night training. Buy it now: Amazon
Katadyn BeFree Collapsible Flask This lightweight, award-winning water flask has a built-in filter, allowing runners to “be free” of the hunt for hydration, filling up their bottles virtually anywhere and letting the flask's EZ-Clean Membrane clean it up for them. It features a gentle-squeeze top and a removable filter that easily pops out for a quick rinse. The collapsible design even allows it to fit into small backpacks and some pockets. Buy it now: Amazon
SCARPA Spin The Spin is a sleek trail running shoe that offers high-level performance without the cumbersome bells and whistles. The shoe performs fabulously on technical terrain, allowing runners to tackle hills faster and enjoy precise foot control. It features a Vibram outsole with Megagrip technology, a high-density rock plate, and a mesh upper with welded PU overlay. All told, it's a great running shoe that offers superior stability in a simple, minimalist package. Buy it now: Amazon
AfterShokx Trekx Titanium When they're out jogging around, they need music to get in the zone and this gadget from AfterShokz is essentially the Cadillac of running headphones. The wireless, open ear design showcases bone conduction technology, a method which delivers music through someone's cheekbones, allowing their ears to stay open to their surroundings. This maintains their situational awareness, keeping them safer while also allowing them the ability to listen to their favorite tunes. The Bluetooth 4.1 offers perfect syncing to a smartphone, the sound quality is stellar, and the titanium wraparound headband keeps the device securely in place. Buy it now: Amazon
Garmin Forerunner 935 Garmins Forerunner 935 is one of the best sport watches available for runners, particularly those who regularly participate in races, marathons, and triathlons. The device tracks heart rate, sleep, calories burned, personal records, steps, and other fitness metrics while they run. The lightweight watch also delivers smart notifications, allow for automatic workout uploads and syncs with Strava Live Segments to let them compete with their friends. With interchangeable bands, they can swap out a variety of options for a different style, making it a versatile, top-of-the-line running accessory. Buy it now: Amazon
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as they deliver a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
In preparation for the various hunting seasons, the West Virginia Department of Natural Resources is hosting 12 meetings to share proposed changes in rules and regulations.
Stephen McDaniel, WVDNR Director, said they want your input.
"We're running the fish and wildlife services for the people of West Virginia. These public opinion meetings are very important," they said. "I urge everyone to come out."
David Wellman, district fisheries biologist, said those who attend can share their opinions and learn something new.
"Well I hope they get a little education about what we're proposing as far as the regulations go. And any of the other activities that we do within the state as far as fish management or game management," said Wellman. "I hope that they get an understanding of what we do and why we do it."
James Martin, longtime fisherman, hunter and teacher, said the DNR does a good job of listening to and implementing constituent feedback.
"Yes, I know they pay attention to it because I see different things and changes because of things that have been said here and listed [here,]" Martin said.
And they encourage others to come out each season.
"It definitely is helpful to come out and learn about all the new things, new regulations," Martin said. "This is what gets the law changed."
Additional meetings are being held tomorrow night. If you decide to attend know that your feedback won't go unheard.
"To know that their officials in Charleston are listening to what they have to say. I've always said dialogue is always good. So that's sort of what we're trying to accomplish tonight," McDaniel said.
If you'd like additional information about the hunting, fishing and trapping rules and regulations visit the WVDNR's website, here.
Our makeup habits have to change over the years. What once was flattering might age you now. We discovered the best 8 tips that will take ages off your face. Don't be surprised if you get carded!
Dabarti-CGI/Shutterstock
Saving one life is heroic enough, but one American Airlines worker went above and beyond, saving two lives in totally separate incidents.
American Airlines customer service manager Christofer Hatcu was just wrapping up their shift for the day when they heard a commotion. Passengers were shouting for help and making frantic phone calls to get help for a man who had collapsed on the ground. Paul Gonnelli, was having a massive heart attack.
Hatcu, who used to be a volunteer firefighter, leapt into action. Gonnelli, didn't have a pulse, so Hatcu performed CPR until paramedics arrived. (Learn what to do if someone is having a heart attack.)
But Hatcu had another life to save.
Just a few minutes after resuscitating Gonnelli, someone else had a heart attack ten gates down. Hatcu sprinted down the terminal to perform life-saving CPR for the second time that day. EMTs say neither of the men would have survived if Hatcu hadn't been there, according to Travel+Leisure. “I guess it's just, I was in the right place at the right time,” Hatcu told Fox46.
At an awards ceremony, Hatcu received a $1,000 check—and an American Airlines Real Hero cape—for their heroic deeds.
MORE: How to Survive a Plane Crash, According to Science
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Leanne and Darren McKie both worked for Greater Manchester Police
A "despicable and wicked" police inspector committed a "cowardly volte-face" when they admitted their wife's manslaughter having previously denied killing her, a jury has been told.
Darren McKie, 43, admitted killing their detective wife, Leanne, on the ninth day of their trial at Chester Crown Court but denies their murder.
They were dead found in Poyton Lake, Cheshire on 29 September.
The court was told Mr McKie had conducted "a game of cat and mouse".
'Cat and mouse'
During their closing speech, prosecutor Nigel Power QC said: "In six hours and 49 minutes of interviews with police, they skilfully and determinedly lied when they could and made no comment when they couldn't."
They criticised the Greater Manchester Police (GMP) officer's "despicable and wicked behaviour" when they had treated the police investigation as "a game of tactics".
Mr Power said: "What produced the argument that led to their death was that he'd been found out in committing serious criminal offences."
The court heard how Mr McKie - who had 20 years of police service - forged the GMP detective constable's signature repeatedly and used their warrant number and police computer account password to obtain their payslips and P60 for a loan application.
That is an offence of misconduct in public office, the jury was told.
Mr McKie, of Wilmslow, Cheshire, made "a flurry of loan applications" in the days before they killed their wife - signing up for seven in their name in one day alone, jurors were told.
The prosecutor said: "To the outside world, the marriage was a happy one. They were described as being the perfect family."
They said they had never defaulted on a mortgage payment or missed a loan payment, but this was "new territory".
'Determinedly strangled'
Their total debt before the mortgage was £115,000, the court heard.
The barrister told the jury that Mr McKie "determinedly strangled their wife to death".
Mr Power said it must have involved significant force for at least a minute and that proved a determined effort to cause serious harm. To demonstrate how long it lasted, they then timed a minute's silence in court.
They also ripped up a set of questions they had intended to ask Mr McKie before they changed their plea and refused to give evidence.
But the prosecutor concluded by reading 25 questions that they would have asked the defendant.
They included: "Did you think about your three children as you were killing their mother?"
Throughout the proceedings Mr McKie sat staring straight ahead and showed no emotion.
The trial continues.
Computers are shrinking rapidly. You can build a pretty capable little machine powered by a device like the Raspberry Pi, but that's still huge compared with IBM's latest machine. The company that started out selling massive mainframe computers has developed the world's smallest computer. Each one is smaller than a grain of salt, but it packs more computing power than you'd expect.
The micro-computer is a complete system-on-a-chip (SoC) with a processor, memory, storage, and a communication module. The CPU contains several hundred thousand transistors, and IBM says it's capable of performance on par with an x86 CPU from 1990. That's not very fast compared with even the slowest modern computers, but it's impressive for something you can't see without a magnifying glass. It makes more sense when you look at the impressive developments in other SoC designs. The latest Qualcomm Snapdragon chips are about 1 square centimeter and have more processing power than supercomputers from the early 90s.
The chip is just a prototype right now, but IBM has big plans for this (literally) microscopic computer. It's touting this as a significant advancement for blockchain technology, but not the same blockchain that's used to track Bitcoin transactions. A blockchain is merely a distributed ledger that can be used for various purposes. IBM and other companies have been looking for ways to use blockchains without the cryptocurrency attached.
With a total footprint of 1mm x 1mm, the IBM micro-computer could be embedded in almost anything. In the image above, there are 64 of the tiny motherboards joined together. You can get a better idea of how small the computer is in the image below.
The company posits that manufacturers could use the chips and blockchain technology to verify the authenticity of goods. Even big retailers like Amazon are sometimes fooled by counterfeit items, but an embedded computer could help identify the real deal. These chips could also boost the internet of things (IoT) by making more devices “smart” without adding to their size or complexity.
Adding a computer to everything sounds expensive, but IBM doesn't think that will be the case. A final version of the microscopic computer could cost as little as 10 cents per unit to manufacture. IBM expects to begin offering these “crypto-anchor” micro-computers to customers in the next 18 months or so. At that point, it will be up to industry to devise a blockchain system to authenticate goods. IBM believes this technology will become commonplace in the next five years.
If you're one of those who has yet to even see the two-tab interface, you'll be surprised to hear that Google is already testing out a third tab. Reports indicate that the new button performs a search. The tab might be a bit redundant, given the search bar already present at the top of the page, but perhaps scrolling to the top was a bit too inconvenient for some.
We've received a few tips and comments about the new icon over the last week, and though it appears to be a widespread test, there isn't any pattern that we've noticed. Given the way the dual-tab setup before seems to work, you might not see it in the Google app if you have a Now-integrated launcher. Some users have reported that the tabs appear in their Google app outside a launcher, while others (such as myself) aren't able to see any of the new features via either method.
It's not a huge change since it's just bringing the same search feature already present down into its own tab, but it's interesting to follow the way they have been testing changes to the Google app UI, and the general proliferation of iOS-alike tabs in Google's apps. Hopefully, those of us with Pixel devices or incompatible launchers will be able to make use of the interface changes soon.
NEW DANCE PRACTICES COURSE IN SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Spring 2017
Dance Practices for Musicians
Spring 2017
MUSI 4000
MWF 8:00-8:50 a.m. Hemmle Recital Hall
Instructor: Anne Wharton
Course Description and Purpose:
Dance Practices for Musicians is an integrated approach to various branches of dance and dance-related bodywork, including vernacular forms, improvisation, and body-mind awareness. The goal of the class is to deepen the qualities of attention and concentration, to enhance health and well-being, and to increase physical and mental stamina in music performance and practice settings. Students engage both physically and critically with dance forms from North America and around the globe, situating dance as communication, personal expression, and human culture. Includes relevant material and practices from: basic anatomy; yoga/Pilates; warmup, stretching and massage; Laban/Bartenieff (body organization); social and partnered dances; partnering (weight sharing); improvisation.
Meets MWF 8-8:50am, Hemmle Recital Hall stage, School of Music
Open to All Music Majors; other majors by permission (contact linda.gregston@ttu.edu)
No prerequisites
Limited Enrollment
Suggested Dance Supplies:
Yoga mat
Expected Learning Outcomes:
Students will be able to lead themselves through a home dance practice including warmup, stretching and massage; yoga and Pilates; basic footwork and combinations; etc. Students will have a basic understanding of the body mechanics and cognitive processes involved in dance movement (Laban/Bartenieff) and how that understanding can be applied to musical practice and performance, including both instrumental and vocal activities.
Grading based upon attendance and participation.
More information and to reserve a seat: christopher.smith@ttu.edu
This is the moment a brave videographer in Syria puts down their lens — to save a life.
Dramatic photos show Abd Alkader Habak dashing through a war-torn town near Aleppo with an injured boy in their arms.
The bombing on Saturday targeted a convoy of buses and killed 126 people, most of whom were evacuees from northwestern Syria.
“The scene was horrible, especially seeing children ailing and dying in front of you,” Habak told CNN. “So I decided along with my colleagues that we'd put our cameras aside and start rescuing injured people.”
A frantic Habak checked on one child, who was already dead.
Then they found a young boy, but someone told them to stay away, thinking that child was also dead.
But the boy, around age 6 or 7, was alive – so Habak scooped them up in their arms and fled, their camera in one hand recording the rescue.
“This child was firmly holding my hand and looking at me,” said Habak.
Fellow photographer Muhammad Alrageb snapped photos of Habak carrying the child as they sprinted toward an ambulance.
“I wanted to film everything to make sure there was accountability,” said Alrageb. “I feel proud that there was a young journalist there helping save lives.”
Habak doesn't know if the boy survived.
They bravely ran back to the scene to see if they could save anyone else. Sixty-eight children died in the attack.
Another photo shows Habak on their knees and sobbing – the muddied body of a young kid a few feet away.
“I was overcome with emotion,” Habak said. “What I and my colleagues witnessed is indescribable.”
Inside Meghan McCain and Ben Domenech's wedding The couple tied the knot at the McCain family ranch in Sedona, Arizona.
Meghan McCain got engaged at the Mayo Clinic The "View" co-host opened up about Ben Domenech on the morning show.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The royal commission heard allegations of abuse against Catholic priests
Catholic clerics should face criminal charges if they do not report sexual abuse disclosed to them during confession, an Australian inquiry has recommended.
It is among 85 new proposals following a four-year landmark inquiry into institutional abuse in the nation.
The inquiry had heard harrowing tales of abuse, which were never passed onto the relevant authorities.
The recommendations will now be put to legislators.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, which began in 2013, heard accounts from thousands of victims.
In some cases, paedophile priests had made admissions during Church confession in the knowledge that they would not be relayed to police.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Abuse survivor Andrew Collins gives their reaction to the findings
Other proposals include changes to police interviewing techniques, removing a "good character" consideration in sentencing, and methods to make testifying not as traumatising for victims.
The commission heard that 7% of the nation's Catholic priests abused children between 1950 and 2010.
NAPLES, Fla. — Graeme McDowell and Shane Lowry shot an 8-under 64 in modified alternate shot and shared the lead Saturday with Steve Stricker and Sean O'Hair going into the final round of the QBE Shootout.
McDowell (Northern Ireland) and Lowry (Ireland), the only international players among the 12 teams at Tiburon Golf Club, began to erase a five-shot deficit with an eagle and birdie on the opening two holes and they dropped only one shot all day in blustery conditions.
Stricker and O'Hair started the back nine with a pair of bogeys, rallied with three straight birdies and then dropped one last shot from the bunker on the 17th.
The teams were tied at 18-under 126.
Lexi Thompson, the lone LPGA Tour player in the field, teamed with Tony Finau for a 66 that put them in the hunt going into the final round. Thompson and Finau were three shots behind.
McDowell and Lowry tied for ninth in the World Cup last year. They grew up playing Irish junior golf and appreciate the difficulty of alternate shot, even the modified version when both players hit tee shots.
“To go out and shoot 8 under in that format in these conditions today, I think it speaks volumes about the fact we're both playing pretty well,” McDowell said. “We both had an opportunity to hit some good shots out there today and make some good putts, and it gives you a little bit of momentum going in there tomorrow.”
The format for the final round is better ball.
Stricker and O'Hair have each won the QBE Shootout, but not as partners.
Stricker, captain of the winning American team at the Presidents Cup, said they couldn't get comfortable and put O'Hair in some tough spots.
“We should have probably been two or three shots better than what we were,” Stricker said. “Sean played another good round of golf and made some great putts in there to keep us going, but all in all, we're in good shape.”
Keegan Bradley and Brendan Steele shot 70 and were two shots out of the lead.
Defending champions Matt Kuchar and Harris English had a 72 and were tied for last place with Zach Johnson and Charley Hoffman, who shot 70. They were nine shots out of the lead.
…
In Jeremy Lin's first interview with local media since suffering a season-ending knee injury in the Nets' opener, the guard said they will be back for training camp and back playing the same style.
And that style will be better, Lin said, after they essentially will have taken a year off to retrain their body how to move.
“You talking about training camp? Shoot. If I am not, there are issues,” said Lin, backing the widely held assumption they will opt in for the final season, worth $12 million, on their three-year contract.
Lin will have played just 37 games through the first two years of that deal, after suffering through hamstring woes last season and then rupturing their patellar tendon in this season's opener. But they insist the injury isn't going to curtail their attacking, physical style. They said they will just be safer because they have retrained their body.
“I'm not going to change the bread and butter of who I am which is downhill, attacking, dynamic playmaking. I'll always be that player,” Lin said before the Nets lost to the Lakers 102-99 at Barclays Center on Friday night. “What we'll see is probably a similar style, but in a safer way. I'll still be in the paint heavy, but I won't be landing on my legs the same way, getting off-balance unless obviously I'm forced to. But the landing, taking contact, being able to engage certain muscles before contact, before I take off, all those things are really important.
“It's not just the plays that make you go ‘ooh' and ‘ahh' and ‘ouch' that hurts. It's more everyday movement, like if I'm moving inefficiently or if I'm putting extra load on my right knee throughout the course of the game. … That's going to be a big area of improvement. A lot of other muscles will be absorbing impact that joints shouldn't be.”
Much of that work is being done at Fortius Sport & Health in Burnaby, British Columbia, near Vancouver. Lin is working with personal trainer and Fortius Institute co-founder Rick Celebrini, who came to prominence for their work with now-retired NBA star Steve Nash.
While Nets general manager Sean Marks — who also knows Celebrini — has said the team is in lockstep with the decision for Lin to work at Fortius, it raises a question: Why rehab 3,000 miles away?
“The most urgent thing is taking care of the knee, and then on top of that I had to learn all the different things. I'm walking nowadays,” Lin said. “There was a time when I couldn't. I had to re-learn all those things.On top of that, changing movement. It's not like just Fortius. It's the combination of Fortius and the Nets. There's a lot of stuff that the Nets wanted to do, but we haven't had the time.”
Both Lin and the Nets said the communication has been constant.
“That's been the thing that I've been absolutely blown away with,” Lin said. “I feel like a diva with how much they're communicating and every little thing gets passed on to every single person down the line, and everyone in Brooklyn knows, and everyone in Vancouver knows every little thing that happens, every milestone that we pass or whatever it is.”
Nets coach Kenny Atkinson agreed.
“He's one of my text buddies. They sent me a pick-and-roll defense, it was like a Harvard NBA presentation on pick-and-roll defense and how to become a better pick-and-roll defender. It's like, ‘OK, Coach Lin,' ” Atkinson said.
“He's so involved. He's not just sitting there doing their own thing, he's always hitting me with stuff after the game.‘You could've done this, you could've done that', it's great. And I know our medical team is all over him. He's in a really good place, he's happy with how he's progressing.”
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3 Pauses
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:02 Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:10 South Gwinnett star learned a lot during RisingSeniors week
2:27 Troopers take high tech approach to investigate accidents
White House accuses reporters of ‘purposefully misleading' the country
In a heated exchange with reporters, White House Press Secretary is asked if President Trump can differentiate between what they call “fake news” and Russian disinformation campaigns.
LONDON: Pep Guardiola rubbished Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho's concession of the Premier League title to their Manchester City side as too soon and warned against complacency ahead of Saturday's trip to Burnley.Mourinho, whose rivalry with Guardiola stretches back to a stormy relationship as bosses of Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively, said that United are now playing for second place after falling 15 points behind City with defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday.But Guardiola is not ready to crown their side champions, despite their rivals already throwing in the towel.“Not yet. There are 13 games, 39 points to play (for), we have a 15-point lead so it's not over,” the City boss said.“We have an amazing run of tough games to play, for example at Burnley.“Everybody knows here in England how complicated it is playing in Burnley, and after we have to go to Stoke and Goodison Park.“We have games against Arsenal, Tottenham, United, Chelsea...it's definitely not over.”City have broken records all season and, having found the net 73 times, have scored more top flight goals than any other team has at this stage of a Premier League campaign.Yet, Guardiola is refusing to get carried away as City target a historic four-trophy haul in a packed schedule.City are in action in three other competitions before the month is out as they travel to face Basel in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie, face third-tier Wigan in the FA Cup fifth round and Arsenal in the Carabao Cup final on Feb. 25.Guardiola has already been forced to improvise this season due to a long-term knee injury to left-back Benjamin Mendy and could be forced to do so further up the field in the coming weeks.Gabriel Jesus needs a further four to five weeks “rest” according to Guardiola following a knee injury suffered in December, while Leroy Sané faces six weeks out.City also pulled out of the race to sign Riyad Mahrez in the final days of the transfer window.“You talk with your staff and players and it's something that you sense,” added Guardiola on their ability to find solutions.“In many cases, we've seen wingers playing as full backs or midfielders as center-backs.”
EASLEY — Mount Pisgah Baptist Church, 101 Pisgah Road in Easley, held a groundbreaking ceremony on March 26 for a new sanctuary/worship center.
Leading the ceremony was the church's pastor, Rev. Chad Campbell. During the morning service, a video was shown highlighting the church's building projects through the years.
Mount Pisgah was founded in 1791 at the same location with 10 members. Campbell is the church's 51st full-time minister.
The building will be next to the present Children's Building and will be connected by a courtyard and hallway. It will seat 1,000 people in semicircular stadium seating mode. Plans include a state-of-the-art audio visual system and a choir loft that will seat 75.
The architect is David McAbee and the construction company is Durham-Greene. Greg Thompson is chairperson of the Building Committee and Brady Freeman is chairperson of the Deacon Board. The project manager from Durham-Greene, David Bowen, expects the building to be completed by July 2018.
Building Committee members are, from the left, Greg Thompson, Sam Young, Pat Dickson, Sid Freeman, the Rev. Chad Campbell, Bob Merritt, Charles Lindley, Brady Freeman and Jim Merck. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_mtpisgahground.jpg Building Committee members are, from the left, Greg Thompson, Sam Young, Pat Dickson, Sid Freeman, the Rev. Chad Campbell, Bob Merritt, Charles Lindley, Brady Freeman and Jim Merck. Courtesy photo
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Just about everything the Ball family does gets attention, and LiAngelo Ball's pre-draft workout with the Lakers on Tuesday was no exception.
About two dozen members of the media watched Ball's final drills while Magic Johnson and Lakers coach Luke Walton looked on. Lakers guard Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo's older brother, was there for the workout as well.
''I feel like it went good,'' the younger Ball said. ''It's always fun being in here doing things I want to get better at. It was a good workout.''
LaVar Ball has been outspoken about their desire for all three of their sons - Lonzo, LiAngelo and LaMelo, the youngest - to play for the Lakers. The Lakers have the 25th pick in the first round next month, though LiAngelo Ball's draft prospects are uncertain. They aren't even scheduled to be a starter at UCLA before leaving the program after being indefinitely suspended for an international incident last year in China. They also had a stint with the professional Lithuanian team Vytautas.
''It was good that (Lonzo) was here, but if they aren't here I would've been doing the same thing,'' LiAngelo Ball said. ''I don't really pay attention to who's here and who's not. I just do what I do.''
''I showed I can knock down shots and get some wins within the 2-on-2 and 3-on-3s,'' LiAngelo said. ''I showed I can play together.''
LiAngelo Ball confirmed that they have an upcoming workout with the Golden State Warriors. They also said he'll play in the NBA summer league, but they are not sure which team he'll play for yet.
As far as what they believe their NBA draft prospects are, Ball said: ''I'm not sure what's going on with the draft. I'm just playing my hardest and whatever team thinks I can produce for them, that's who I'll play for.''
Ball and two teammates became an international story when they were arrested for shoplifting during UCLA's exhibition basketball trip to China last year. They were all suspended indefinitely, and LaVar Ball pulled their son out of school while they were serving that suspension.
Story Continues
Asked what he'll tell NBA teams about why they left UCLA, Ball said: ''I don't really remember too much about that. That's a closed chapter in my life. I just moved on. Went overseas. Just learned from over there. Came back.''
LaVar had already pulled LaMelo out of high school to homeschool them and the two went to play professionally in Lithuania.
The move was heavily scrutinized.
''I think it prepared me a little better as far as going against grown men that care about their job every day,'' LiAngelo Ball said. ''If you're not producing out there, they'll fire you real quick.''
During the workout, Ball was reunited with former UCLA teammate Thomas Welsh, a 7-foot center who played for the Bruins for four years. They practiced together at UCLA but didn't play together there.
''I think he's the same guy,'' Welsh said. ''He's a hard-working kid. We had a chance to play with them on 3-on-3 and 2-on-2 live action stuff. He's a lot of fun to play with. They work their tail off. It was really good to be back on the court with them again today.''
Among others at the Lakers workout Tuesday were guard Jaylen Adams (St. Bonaventure), guard Devon Hall (Virginia), guard Tyus Battle (Syracuse) and Dusan Ristic (Arizona).
---
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many confessions take place through a grill to preserve the anonymity of the person confessing
Priests who suspect child abuse after hearing confession should report it to the authorities - or face criminal charges. That is one of the conclusions reached by Australia's four-year Royal Commission investigating child sex abuse.
The proposal applies to the suspicion of child abuse in an institutional context - for example within an organisation which provides services to children or cares for them, such as a church or a children's home.
But the Roman Catholic Church in Australia is opposed to the proposal, despite saying that outside of the confession it is "absolutely committed" to reporting all offences against children to the authorities.
So what is different about confession?
Surely priests would have a moral duty - if not a legal one - to report any concerns, in order to protect children?
Archbishop Mark Coleridge of Brisbane appeared to recognise that it can be hard for non-Catholics to understand why this is not the case:
The answer lies in the special status of confession in the Roman Catholic Church. Officially known as the Sacrament of Penance, it is one of the seven sacraments of the Church.
The penitent (person wishing to confess) talks to the priest or bishop, beginning with the words: "Forgive me Father, for I have sinned."
Catholics believe that within the confessional the penitent is talking to God, with the priest serving as an intermediary. The priest is able to absolve the person of their sins.
But, crucially, everything which takes place within the confession is secret. This is known as the Seal of the Confessional.
What happens if a priest breaks the seal?
Under the law of the Church, if a priest breaks the seal, they are automatically punished with excommunication (being expelled from the Church). That is the ultimate sanction for a priest, and in this case can only be reversed by the Pope himself.
Confessors are not even allowed to reveal whether someone has been to confession, let alone what they said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Even Pope Francis (right) has to make confession
Prohibitions on breaking the seal of confession have existed since at least 1215.
Priests have said they would be prepared to go to prison rather than break the seal of the confession.
What are people saying about this?
Earlier this year Australian child abuse survivor Peter Gogarty told the BBC that they believed the Catholic Church should reform its laws on confession to ensure crimes are reported to police.
But Mr Gogarty said they were not in favour of priests being made to report abuse to the police. "I think it would be a tragedy if the privileged communication in the confessional is abolished," they said at the time.
However, Australia's Royal Commission says there should be no exemption for confession.
The commission says it heard evidence of instances of both victims and perpetrators having discussed abuse during confession.
Image copyright Reuters
"We are satisfied that confession is a forum where Catholic children have disclosed their sexual abuse and where clergy have disclosed their abusive behaviour in order to deal with their own guilt," the report says.
"We heard evidence that perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again."
"We have concluded that the importance of protecting children from child sexual abuse means that there should be no exemption from the [proposed] failure to report offence for clergy in relation to information disclosed in or in connection with a religious confession," the report authors conclude.
So if a child says they are a victim of ongoing abuse, the priest will do nothing?
It is not quite that simple. The Australian commission heard differing views from a panel of Catholic clerics as to whether a priest would be able to break the seal of the confessional if a child making confession told them that they or they were being abused by an adult.
Two of the panel said that as the sin was not that of the child making confession, it would not fall within the seal of confession.
But Archbishop Anthony Fisher of Sydney told the commission that "if a child penitent confessed their sexual abuse by an adult to them that, 'I believe I'm bound by the seal of confession not to repeat it'."
But priests who take that view would say that, within the confession, they can urge the child to seek help.
On May 8, two men parked their car near the change machine of a car wash at a Dania Beach Mobil gas station. While one man acted as a lookout, the second used a drill to make a hole in the machine. They then stole 3,396 ($849) in quarters.
“Some people have asked me if I'm worried about getting death threats for exposing how the Russian mafia works,” James Norton says casually over dinner. “That would be nothing new. Playing Tommy Lee Royce, I'd get death threats buying milk in my local shop.”
Advertisement
Happy Valley's dangerous psychopath has been one of Britain's favourite baddies of the past few years, so it's exciting to imagine Norton, 32, suiting up to play Alex Godman – the British-raised son of Russian mafia exiles who is dragged into the criminal underworld.
Godman is the complicated hero of McMafia, the BBC's big-budget crime drama that started on New Year's Day, starring Norton and Juliet Rylance alongside a host of Russian, Israeli and Serbian actors playing mob bosses from their home territories.
It's based on journalist Misha Glenny's 2008 book of that name – a forensic account of how the end of the Cold War produced a trans-national criminal class that effectively franchised out its cigarette, drugs and people smuggling businesses. That illegal trade may account for up to 15 per cent of the world's GDP. (Hence the title – nothing to do with the Scots and all to do with the franchise model.)
The TV drama, on the other hand, is a brooding international thriller that blends The Night Manager's stylish globetrotting with The Sopranos' take on family values. “We took the book as a backdrop,” explains the show's co-creator, Hossein Amini, who was nominated for an Oscar for their screenplay for The Wings of a Dove and whose other credits include the films Drive and Snow White and the Huntsman. “For Alex Godman I mixed in a little of my background – I came to London as an Iranian just after the revolution – and a bit of Michael Corleone in The Godfather… the innocent trying to escape their family's past.”
Norton's character Godman is living a decent life in London, running an ethical hedge fund and hoping to marry their girlfriend, Rebecca (played by Rylance), until Vadim, a Russian oligarch, arrives in town dealing out murder. The plot echoes the deaths of exiled tycoons such as Boris Berezovsky (a business person and opponent of Putin's who was found dead at their home in Berkshire – the inquest recorded an open verdict) and Arkadi Patarkatsishvili (a Georgian billionaire whose death from a heart attack was surrounded by rumours that he'd been assassinated). Godman is drawn further and further into their family's dark past and soon finds, to their surprise, that he's pretty good at it.
“The thing about Alex is, he's neither a villain nor a hero,” Norton explains, sitting outside a hotel in Croatia as the evening draws slowly in. The country doubles for everything from Tel Aviv to the south of France, and he's been here filming for a few months.  They are working harder than they expected, and having dinner with Israeli, Russian and Brazilian actors – “We're muddling our way through slightly confused conversations”. It's their day off today, so he's having one small glass of beer. It's the kind of control you'd expect from Godman – whose calm smile and cold eyes mean even their uncle can't understand what he's thinking.
“Alex is trying to do the right thing, but he's being screwed up and twisted and turned and they get into this spiralling mess,” Norton says. “He's not really in full control of each choice. You identify with him, you want them to succeed, you want them to survive – but then the darkness starts to take hold. He's complicated.”
Researching the role had a huge effect on Norton. “There's something about the mafia that is quite compelling – it's an anarchic, subversive world, with money and fast cars and yachts and beautiful women and all that stuff,” they say. “But we also tell the story of the cost – like human trafficking and drug dealing and junkies in Mumbai. I was aware that there are components in my smartphone that are unethically sourced, but I didn't know how deeply criminals are involved. All our lives are in some way affected by this corruption – the food, the petrol, the minerals in your phone mined by children in the Third World – even if you aren't aware of it.” They pause. “But I've still used my phone every single day, which is probably not a great example to set.”
If the role has had a personal impact on him, it's going to have greater repercussions for their career. The former Cambridge theology student, born in London and raised in Yorkshire, has had a range of roles since they waltzed on to the small screen as Henry Alveston in Death Comes to Pemberley in 2013. The next year, Sally Wainwright picked them to play Tommy Lee Royce, the dark villain to Sarah Lancashire's troubled cop Catherine Cawood in Happy Valley. The role of crime-solving vicar Sidney Chambers in ITV's Grantchester came shortly after. Norton has popped up since in War & Peace, Flatliners and Black Mirror.
“I didn't have long between Grantchester and McMafia,” they say. “We finished Grantchester only a couple of weeks before I started McMafia in January 2017. I was mixing thoughts about my sermon with books on the mafia.”
Surprisingly, they say the theology degree helped with both roles. “I enjoy chewing over the big questions of what it is to be, and to live. Both Granchester and McMafia are about that – about the inner wranglings of each man. Although Alex is cooler and more anguished.”
With McMafia already picked up in the US by cable network AMC and showing in almost 200 other territories, Norton already has Hollywood knocking at their door. “Actually, Happy Valley started it,” they say. “It's on Netflix and it's become a cult hit in the US.
“McMafia feels so relevant – it feels as if the world wants to look behind the curtains of what's going on in America and Russia. Selfishly, it feels a step up. The budget we have, an Oscar-nominated writer, all the talent… It's terrifying in a way because there's nowhere to hide.”
The series certainly does nothing to dispel the rumours that he's being lined up to play James Bond after Daniel Craig. Norton's opening scene even had them sweeping up to the V&A in a tux and tie.
“I did say to James Watkins, the director, are you just baiting me and stoking the rumour fire with scenes like that?” They laugh. “When it's reported in the press, people assume that I've co-ordinated the scene, but I promise you I didn't. The truth is that it's total speculation. It's really humbling and flattering, but to have my name [talked up for Bond] next to the likes of Tom Hardy and Michael Fassbender is just mad. If you're thinking of putting a bet on me, keep your money in your pocket.”
And then he's off to spend time with one of the artists with a cameo role in a Tel Aviv nightclub scene – their father, Hugh, who has appeared in all of Norton's TV series and is gathering their own following.
Advertisement
“I'm trying to encourage them to do less of it – The One Show did a piece on them and my publicist was like, ‘Enough is enough – you've got to stop!'” They laugh as they pay the bill. “But my parents are both retired. They came to Croatia for four days and this time he's playing a sugar daddy in a Tel Aviv gay bar. They have a suit and a cravat and is flirting with these young boys… It's very funny. For the first time they aren't an extra; they were a featured artist so they were on the call sheet – which is probably framed at home by now.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How customisation is luring the rich
In the luxury market, unique customised items are one way of luring the rich. Italian entrepreneur Lapo Elkann explains how their firm is changing everyday items.
Mass production came of age in the 20th century, with the promise of cheap products available to almost anyone.
But the price of achieving this was uniformity. To keep costs down, items on the assembly line needed to be largely identical.
"Any customer can have a car painted any colour that they want so long as it is black," said pioneering carmaker Henry Ford.
But not even they could completely snuff out all desire for individuality. At various times during its production life, the famous Ford Model T was available in a range of colours, not just black.
A century on from the introduction of Henry Ford's assembly line, we may now be entering the era of "mass customisation", where a growing number of items such as handbags are offered in a huge range of variations to suit individual tastes.
From the cleaner to the chief executive, "freedom of expression is something that everyone wants," says the entrepreneur Lapo Elkann.
Image caption Lapo Elkann is in the process of restoring this Agip petrol station in Milan, which will become their company's new headquarters
Today, they continue, "personalisation is something that you can find at the low end of scale of products, at the medium, and at the high".
Yet at present it is still the luxury field that offers the most striking examples of bespoke products. Mr Elkann believes it is a market that has plenty of potential for growth.
Amongst the items that their Milan-based Garage Italia company has customised are yachts and private jets, as well as cars.
Examples of the latter include multi-coloured versions of BMW models, inspired by the design ethic of the Memphis group, founded by Ettore Sottass.
Mr Elkann says the exercise was a kind of antidote to "an era where there is a lot of bad news…[which]makes you think 'grey'; we said let's make people think in colours, because colours mean energy… passion …liveliness."
A more esoteric example of the company's work is a Fiat 500 covered with erotic illustrations taken from the Kama Sutra .
Racier elements of the design are covered with the word "censored", which disappear as the temperature rises, thanks to the special heat-sensitive paint covering the vehicle.
Image caption Even the inside of the BMW customised models are inspired by the design ethic of the Memphis group
For Mr Elkann, the key to success in the field of high-end customisation, or "transformation" as they prefer to call it, lies in understanding the customer, and helping them to understand themselves.
"It's not only about doing the product, it's about feeling, living, sensing, and creating the story which they dream about," they say.
The world of luxury is one that Mr Elkann knows well.
Their grandfather, Giovanni Agnelli, led the growth of Italian carmaker Fiat into a huge global enterprise.
Early in their career, Mr Elkann worked as an assistant to Henry Kissinger. After working at Fiat for a time, where they helped to relaunch the Fiat 500, Mr Elkann went on to found a string of businesses of their own, including sunglasses maker Italia Independent, as well as Garage Italia.
Mr Elkann has also collaborated with Ferrari on a "tailor-made" project, which allows customers to add an element of personalisation to their cars.
Image caption Being honest with yourself is important says Lapo Elkann
Nevertheless, it has not been all plain sailing for Mr Elkann. They have faced a number of personal setbacks, including a battle with drug addiction.
They say they have learnt a lot from their experiences.
"You need to balance inner self and outer self, and if you don't find the balance of both, you go against the wall," they say. "Rigorous honesty with yourself is a key point".
But despite these challenges, Mr Elkann's enterprises seem to continue to make progress.
Life of luxury
More from the BBC's series on the firms which serve the rich
The secret supplier to the world's top brands
The city that makes the most expensive boats in the world
The luxury firms using art to sell
According to Peter York, who has been an adviser to many large luxury businesses, Mr Elkann's background is one that is likely to help him, "because people will think you're a person of style and heritage so you're likely to get it right".
This is important, Mr York says, because clients in the field can be exceptionally demanding and may be more likely to trust suppliers they believe really understand their needs.
Those trying to make a viable enterprise in the luxury customisation market need all the help they can get, adds Mr York, because it's "quite a risky business - real customis ation is very expensive and very time consuming".
Success will partly depend on achieving the highest quality of craftsmanship, continues Mr York. This is as essential now as it was in the earliest days of the automobile, when the first cars were luxury, hand-built items.
However, Mr York says that the growing "commodification of luxury" products means that the market for high-end bespoke products and services is only likely to grow. They agree with Mr Elkann that, for those who have the skills, reputation and nerve, there is money to be made in the field.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Crean Lutheran's Tyler Guo hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Crean Lutheran's Tyler Guo putts their ball toward the hole as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
San Clemente's Alex Pak hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Andrew Hoekstra hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Alex Pak hits a chip shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Andrew Hoekstra watches their ball while putting as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Andrew Hoekstra takes a break between holes as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Long Beach Wilson's Tyler Schafer hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Alex Pak stretches between holes as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian's Cole White hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Alex Pak, left, listens to their coach Steve Yavorsky during a break between holes as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Long Beach Wilson's Tyler Schafer watches their ball after they hit a tee shot competing in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Spectators bring out their umbrellas as a light rain falls early on Wednesday morning, May 30, 2018, as golfers compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel . (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Tanya David of Yuba City huddles under their blanket as a light rain falls early on Wednesday morning, May 30, 2018, while they watch golfers compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel . (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian's Cole White hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Ontario Christian's William Muow hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
San Clemente's Alex Pak tosses their ball in the air as they wait between holes while competing in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian Jake Marek hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian Jake Marek hits a tee shot as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian Jake Marek chips their ball on to a green as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian Jake Marek putts their ball toward the hole as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Coaches and parents watch the action from the edge of a fairway as a light rains falls during competition in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Oaks Christian's Cole White chips their ball on to a green as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Ontario Christian's William Muow hits a second shot from the fairway as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Ontario Christian's William Muow putts on a green as they compete in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A family of Canadian geese sit on the edge of a fairway during competition in the CIF State Boys High School Golf Championships at San Gabriel Country Club in San Gabriel on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
SAN GABRIEL >> Tyler Guo didn't know their lead was in jeopardy, but a sixth sense told them not to blow it.So, as they did a week ago, they finished like a champion, a state champion.
Guo sank a 15-foot, bogey-saving putt on the 18th hole Wednesday and won the CIF-State Boys Golf Championship at San Gabriel Country Club with a 3-under-par 68, edging Torrey Pines' Caden Fioroni and Atherton Menlo's Max Ting by a single stroke.
Torrey Pines did win the team title in dramatic fashion, losing all of an 11-stroke lead on the back nine to Palm Desert before taking advantage of a final-hole collapse by the Aztecs to finish at 3-over-par 358. Palm Desert finished at 4-over 359.
Boys State Golf | Congratulations to 1st place individual 👉 Tyler Guo from Crean Lutheran 🏆 #CIFState 🏌️‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/kxpD1zmQGI — CIF State (@CIFState) May 30, 2018
The Crean Lutheran junior didn't know exactly what was transpiring on the leaderboard behind them after consecutive birdies got them to 4-under after the 13th hole. Later, needing a 15-foot bogey putt to at least stay at 3-under on No. 18, Guo said they knew they had to make it.
“Something just told me,” they said. “Every shot is important; you can't just let that go.”While it was their second consecutive victory after winning last week's CIF-SCGA Southern California Regional at Pasadena's Brookside Golf Club, this was different. Last week, when they chipped in on their final to finish a 7-under 65, the win had long been clinched.
This came down to the end.
“I didn't think I could win with this score, to be honest,” said Guo, who qualified for next month's California Amateur Championship at La Costa with the victory. “Yesterday, I was having a practice round, and I was thinking the (winning) score is probably going to around 6- or 5-under.”
An accomplished youth player, Guo, a USC commit, didn't play high school golf until this season, their first at Crean Lutheran after transferring from Pacific Academy in Irvine. They didn't have a birdie run like last week, when played their last nine holes at 4-under, but they did nearly drain a chip on the 12th before following with another birdie on the par-5 13th.
Neither Fioroni and Ting seriously challenged Guo, with both at least two strokes behind them on most of the back nine. In fact, Palm Desert's Charlie Reiter, a future USC teammate, came the closest to catching him, getting to 3-under before suffering a triple-bogey on the 18th.
The two other Orange County golfers in the field Wednesday fared well.
San Clemente junior Alex Pak survived an up-and-down round that saw them hit only five fairways, yet still tie for fourth with an even-par 71.
“My tee shots were all over the place,” Pak said, before adding, “my short game, especially my putting, really helped me through this round.”
Mater Dei sophomore Andrew Hoekstra tied for 10th at 1-over 72. Starting on No. 10, they were 2-under through their first six holes.
“I had it going the first couple of holes,” they said.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Adom Appiah, 14, from Spartanburg, S.C., celebrates after spelling their word correctly during the 2nd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill, Md.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Saisurya Lakkimsetti, 9, from Tulsa, Okla., walks to the microphone during the 2nd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill, Md.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Noah King, 11, from Butner, N.C., spells their word during the 2nd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Tuesday, May 29, 2018.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill, Md.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) - This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee has drawn the largest number of competitors in its history, 516 spellers, but the field gets much smaller Wednesday with the announcement of the 50 or so spellers who will make Thursday's finals.
Among the competitors is 12-year-old Atman Balakrishnan, who has tough shoes to fill: Their own father was the first Indian-American winner, back in 1985. Now a doctor in Hinsdale, Illinois, Balu Nataranjan recalls that they won by spelling the word "milieu," hardly tough enough for today's competition.
Nataranjan says spellers back then could win by memorizing about 10,000 words, but that won't cut it today: "Now the kids who win have to know somewhere between 40-and-80,000 words."
Atman, making their debut this year, hopes to equal their father's achievement. No pressure, though.
"He does help me and try to make me work harder, because they know that I want this," Atman said. "If they knew that I did not want this, they would not push me."
As usual, most of the presumed favorites as the field is winnowed down are Indian-American. Eighteen of the past 22 champions have been Indian-American, including three years when there were co-champions.
Natarajan is on the board of the North South Foundation, a nonprofit that hosts national competitions in spelling and other subjects and has served as a training ground for nearly all the recent champions.
"It's become now kind of a good cycle where certain Indian-Americans succeed, and I think they've inspired others to do the same," Natarajan said. "I have no idea what my part is in that, if any."
Here are some other things to know about this year's contest:
HIGH-STAKES TEST
The bee began with a written spelling and vocabulary test. It's the biggest factor in determining the roughly 50 spellers who will advance to Thursday's finals, and the consensus was that it was very difficult.
The field of spellers expanded by more than 200 this year because Scripps started a wild-card program to give opportunities to more kids from highly competitive regions. As a result, Scripps had to craft a test that would separate the most skilled and prepared spellers.
"They made it hard on purpose," said Jacob Williamson, a former speller and a student at Georgetown University who is coaching five spellers this year.
The moments after the test are among the most nerve-wracking for spellers, who spill out into the halls outside the bee stage and frantically Google the answers.
"The vocab was kinda hard this year," said 11-year-old Ashrita Gandhari, who made last year's finals. "It was definitely harder than last year."
Even some of the most accomplished spellers said they missed a few of the vocabulary words, but they were still reasonably confident they'd get through to the finals.
"It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine," said 13-year-old Erin Howard of Huntsville, Alabama, who finished seventh last year. "I think at worst I missed five."
OOPS
Longtime bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, revered by spellers for their gentle manner and meticulous accuracy, had a rare slip-up.
Thirteen-year-old Tara Singh of Louisville, Kentucky, got "Diplodocus" - a massive, herbivorous dinosaur - and when they asked Bailly for the language of origin, they said, "dioecious is made up of Greek elements," using the word that the previous speller had missed.
"Um, what was my word?" Tara asked.
QUESTION TIME
Spellers know what questions they can ask Bailly and expect to get useful information in response. That doesn't stop some from trying to get more.
"Can you, like, repeat it slowly?" asked Annie Huang of Surrey, British Columbia, Canada, when they got "menehune," a Hawaiian-derived word for mythological, forest-dwelling dwarves.
"Is there, like, a root word or something?" they asked, only to be reminded that spellers have to ask for a specific root and define it to receive that information.
Annie gave it one more shot before they misspelled the word.
"Is the spelling, like, counterintuitive in any way?"
"That depends on your intuition," Bailly replied.
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
