Mark Daniell, Postmedia Network Aug 14, 2017
Look, we know what it's like. When we interviewed George Wendt last week, we had to tell ourselves: “Whatever you do, don't call him, ‘Norm Peterson.'”
So we understand how hard it must have been for Kurt Russell to call Chris Pratt “Star-Lord” on the set of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.
Especially seeing as how Russell came so close to landing a lead role in Star Wars, but walked away when George Lucas couldn't decide whether to cast them as Han Solo or Luke Skywalker.
In an extra on the Guardians 2 Blu-ray, Russell refers to Star-Lord, the nickname for Pratt's Peter Quill, as “Star Wars.”
"Well, even where I reside out past the edge of what's known, we've heard tales about the man they call Star Wars," Russell says during one take featured on the film's Blu-ray. "We could be in trouble," they jokingly add.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, Russell makes the error again.
"We've heard of the man they call Star Wars. Ugh. Yes, Star Wars. He's all of Star Wars... We've heard of the movie Star Wars."
Director James Gunn joked about the mistake on Twitter, writing, “Haha they really did. That was the weirdest thing.”
Haha they really did. That was the weirdest thing. https://t.co/XIEfvL4nl1 — James Gunn (@JamesGunn) August 13, 2017
During a press day for the sequel in April, Russell told journalists they needed to get themselves up to speed with the Marvel Cinematic Universe when they signed up to play Ego, the Living Planet.
“I hadn't seen the first movie,” they joked. “I'm not much of a moviegoer, but I knew that everybody loved it... So I just wanted to make the team. I wanted to be helpful, wanted to be good, and I was very, very fortunate I ran into a team that had a terrific manager. (James Gunn) really knows their world. They also know how to execute. They have cast these people perfectly. Perfectly. And it was gonna be hard for me to measure up to that, I knew that.
“I asked them a lot of questions and drove them a little bit nuts.”
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is available on Blu-ray Aug. 22.
Twitter: @markhdaniell
Mdaniell@postmedia.com
Democratic lawmakers are calling for a subpoena to force the U.S. Census Bureau and Commerce Department to release internal documents about the decision to add a controversial citizenship question to forms for the upcoming national headcount.
The request comes two weeks before a congressional oversight hearing on the 2020 census.
"We believe these documents are critical for our Committee," write all 18 Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in a letter to its chairperson, Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, "to understand the concerns raised internally by career experts at the Census Bureau itself about the dangers of adding this untested new citizenship question to the census — as well as why the Trump Administration disregarded these concerns."
The U.S. Census Bureau is part of the Commerce Department.
A Commerce Department spokesperson has previously told NPR the documents will not be released until after the May 8 hearing. The agency is preparing to release them publicly after its attorneys file them later next month at the federal courts that are hearing the lawsuits against the citizenship question.
Sen. Kamala Harris of California and other Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau, have previously made requests for these documents. NPR has filed Freedom of Information Act requests for them as well.
Gowdy's communications director, Amanda Gonzalez told NPR Tuesday morning that they are "not aware" of the Democrats' letter. "I don't believe the committee has received it yet," they said, referring to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Previously, Gonzalez has declined to comment on whether a subpoena would be issued for the documents to be released in time for the hearing.
The Democrats' letter notes that regardless of the legal fight over the citizenship question, members of Congress have "an independent responsibility under the Constitution to conduct oversight of the census."
Democratic lawmakers — including the House oversight committee's top Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland — have been raising concerns about the citizenship question since it was first announced by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in late March.
Ross approved a last-minute request to add a citizenship question from the Justice Department. The DOJ says the question is needed to get a better count of voting-age citizens in order to enforce the Voting Rights Act's provisions against voting discrimination of racial and language minority groups. Since the civil rights law was enacted in 1965, the DOJ has relied on estimates of U.S. citizens rather than official counts by the census. Those who have criticized the addition of the citizenship question say those estimates are adequate.
The data are used for reapportioning seats in Congress, drawing legislative districts and distributing an estimated $800 billion a year in federal funding.
Cummings and other Democrats have cited research by the Census Bureau suggesting that asking about citizenship could discourage immigrants and communities of color from participating in the census — a national headcount of every person living in the U.S. required by the Constitution every 10 years.
VAN VLECK, Texas (AP) — Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after at least six tornadoes left a swath of damaged buildings.
Among the homes destroyed was one where a woman inside held tightly to their two young children.
Anthony Ovesny told KPRC-TV in Houston that their wife, Ashlie Ovesny, was home Tuesday with their children, ages 1 and 3, when a tornado touched down in Van Vleck.
The tornado flipped their mobile home and turned it to rubble. Neighbors pulled Ashlie Ovesny and the children from the debris. She's recovering after having surgery for fractures. The children had minor injuries.
The tornado was rated an EF1, with winds of 86 to 110 mph.
An EF2 tornado with winds of 111 to 135 mph damaged subdivisions closer to Houston.
Click here if you are having trouble viewing the slideshow on a mobile device.
STANFORD — Dorian Pickens scored 25 points, making five 3-pointers, and Stanford handed Oregon its worst loss of the Dana Altman era, beating the Ducks 96-61 on Saturday at Maples Pavilion.
KZ Okpala added 20 points for the Cardinal (13-11, 7-4 Pac-12), which won its second straight and seventh in 10 games. Reid Travis added 17 points.
“We all wanted to come out and be aggressive right from the jump,” Pickens said. “One of our themes for this game was to attack at both ends right from the tip-off. We did that, and it paid off.”
Troy Brown scored 15 points for Oregon (15-8, 5-5), which had a three-game winning streak snapped. Victor Bailey Jr. added 13 points, and Elijah Brown and Paul White scored 10 each.
Daejon Davis hit a first-half 3-pointer to make the score 22-16. That shot sparked a 13-0 run, and Stanford was in control the rest of way. Davis flirted with a triple-double, scoring nine points, grabbing seven rebounds and dishing out eight assists.
“It was an awesome step forward,” Stanford coach Jarod Haase said.
Pickens was 9-of-11 shooting, including 5 of 6 from 3-point range.
Oregon hadn't lost by more than 12 all year. The Ducks also gave up a season-high in points. Stanford scored 107 points in an overtime victory over UCLA on Jan. 4.
Pickens' first basket made them the 46th Stanford men's basketball player to reach 1,000 career points.
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
By Michael Hale
Leigh Centurions 10-24 Hull FC
HULL FC boosted their top four hopes with a four-try victory at Leigh Centurions.
The game took a while to kick into action but in the second quarter, Hull FC took what was to be a decisive lead.
Liam Watts went over for the opening score before Carlos Tuimavave and Albert Kelly added further tries with Marc Sneyd's boot helping the visitors to an 18-0 half time lead.
Tuimavave went over for their second try as the game approached the final quarter but the Centurions rallied to finish strong.
Liam Hood's converted try brought them onto the board before Ryan Hampshire got Leigh into double figures late on.
A full roundup of today's Super League and Championship action will be available in Monday's League Express.
CENTURIONS: McNally, Hampshire, Crooks, Dawson, Thompson, Reynolds, Drinkwater, Green, Hood, Hopkins, Vea, Stewart, Hansen. Subs: Higham, Weston, Tickle, Burr.
HULL: Shaul, Fonua, Connor, Tuimavave, Michaels, Kelly, Sneyd, Taylor, Washbrook, Watts, Manu, Minichello, Thompson. Subs: Ellis, Fash, Litten Turgut.
Mahmoud Abbas is illegitimate in the first place. They helped coverup the Israeli/US assassination of Arafat in 2004 so they could take power after leading the Palestinian people into the terrible “Oslo Peace Process” — it was they in fact who signed the terrible agreement on the White House lawn in 1993. They cooperated with Israel and the US to undermine the last 2006 election which was lost to Hamas; and then they have refused to allow any further elections quite illegally refusing to give up their Israel/US protected office ever since.
Because of Abbas — regardless of what were their motives and whatever payoffs and threats they and their cronies have received — worse than Apartheid has taken hold throughout occupied Palestine, the settlements have greatly expanded, the Palestinian people have been severely fragmented and imprisoned behind walls and prison-like fortifications, and Jerusalem has been far more Zionized and cut-off from nearly all of the occupied Palestinian people for the first time in history.
Despite all, now Donald Trump, the Zionists, and the Evangelicals have given Abbas a historic opportunity to redeem himself! But to do so they must confess their mistakes and pay the price. The “Political Fantasy” speech I outlined for them a few days ago could in fact redeem them and force another major turn in history now long overdue and desperately needed.
POLITICAL FANTASY – 8 Dec 2017 – After Trump and Netanyahu spoke this week, imagine the following from Mahmoud Abbas to their people and to the world. “Today I have ordered the end of the Palestinian Authority in occupied Palestine. We have been badly deceived and terribly used. We set up the PA, encouraged and helped by the U.S. and EU countries and Israel, we thought to achieve independence and dignity. Instead the Israelis and their American sponsors have brought us worse and worse occupation and shame, imposed divisions and fragmentations throughout our land and in the cherished historical city of Jerusalem, built massive walls of imprisonment, imposed restrictions of apartheid, created bondage worse than slavery. “Some now former PA officials are leaving for Cairo, others for Qatar and UAE and Iran and Saudi Arabia and Lebanon and beyond. The Palestinian cause is recognized worldwide as legitimate and unique. From the Palestinian Diaspora worldwide we will rebuild the struggle to regain all of our rights. I will remain here in Ramallah but not as head of the PA, rather as symbolic head of the PLO. If the Israelis object and arrest me so be it I will join the brave and courageous Palestinians imprisoned and killed for so many years by the brutal and deceitful Zionist occupiers. “The nations of the world at the United Nations have been complicitous in allowing the Jews to usurp Palestine. to disenfranchise and steal from and enslave behind barriers the Palestinian people. And so the nations of the world must now act together to atone for what they have allowed to happen and bring justice to our people who must now rebel against the Zionist occupation more than ever before until we regain our lands and our rights and until we achieve our true independence and Statehood.”
Advertisements
An 11th-grade student on Long Island has died after suffering a serious head injury during an off-season football practice. Greg Cergol reports.
One Long Island town will say their final goodbyes to high school football star who died last week in a freak accident during practice.
The funeral for Joshua Mileto, 16, is set for Tuesday. The teenager from Sachem East High School in Farmingville died after they were hit by a heavy log during practice used for drills.
Mileto had been participating in a strength and condition camp as part of an off-season practice with other players when the log fell and hit them in the head.
On Monday, heavy hearts filled the community as they prepared to say goodbye. Mileto's teammates wore their football jerseys to remember him.
Ny Teen Dies After Injury During Football Practice
Armie Hammer posts mug shot on Instagram Armie Hammer: actor, father, lawbreaker? On Tuesday, the “Call Me by Your Name” lead posted a throwback mug shot on their Instagram. Hammer was arrested at the border patrol checkpoint...
Armie Hammer's wife sues alleged impersonator A Beverly Hills woman allegedly impersonated the actor to get a ticket to Vanity Fair's exclusive Oscar after-party.
Armie Hammer blasts BuzzFeed writer who once dissed them The Armie Hammer-Anne Helen Petersen feud began in November when the BuzzFeed writer wrote an in-depth analysis of the actor's career.
Armie Hammer apologizes for comments about Casey Affleck, sexual assault “I conflated sexual harassment cases with a criminal case involving sexual assault charges," Hammer said.
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed their death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though they aren't an original member of the group, they sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
They stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
The majority of South Africans have experienced a difficult 2016 financially. Thankfully, with a new year comes new planning and fresh goals.
For those who are looking towards 2017, Alexander Forbes financial planning consultant Rita Cool, provides some tips on how to make your money work harder for you.
Make sure you have a budget – Without knowing what you spend money on you won't know where you could find lost cash. Once you have identified where the money is going monthly you can decide how and where you can save
– Without knowing what you spend money on you won't know where you could find lost cash. Once you have identified where the money is going monthly you can decide how and where you can save Check your bank fees – Are you in the best structure for your needs? Are you paying for services that you never use? It is not impossible to move banks to get a better deal.
– Are you in the best structure for your needs? Are you paying for services that you never use? It is not impossible to move banks to get a better deal. Don't draw cash from banks other than your own so that you do not need to pay service charges – Make sure you know what the transaction fees would be if you draw from till points or transfer money to family. Did you know that you started paying interest immediately if you draw cash from a credit card and that you do not get three or six months' interest free?
– Make sure you know what the transaction fees would be if you draw from till points or transfer money to family. Did you know that you started paying interest immediately if you draw cash from a credit card and that you do not get three or six months' interest free? Buy second hand and sell items – Anything from school clothes and TVs are bought and sold. Advertise properly to get the maximum amount so you can free up cash.
– Anything from school clothes and TVs are bought and sold. Advertise properly to get the maximum amount so you can free up cash. Buy cash where possible – Interest rates on hire purchase items are very high and you pay around 20% more for those items than the sticker price.
– Interest rates on hire purchase items are very high and you pay around 20% more for those items than the sticker price. Don't try to keep up with your neighbours – Looks are deceiving. They might drive a fancy car but you don't see that they have no furniture or no savings for the future.
– Looks are deceiving. They might drive a fancy car but you don't see that they have no furniture or no savings for the future. Shop around but don't drive all over to get a “bargain” – The petrol spent to get the discount might not make it worthwhile. Buy long shelf life items when they are on sale. For example toilet paper and washing power can be kept for quite long but you need to know your prices to be able to make use of the value
– The petrol spent to get the discount might not make it worthwhile. Buy long shelf life items when they are on sale. For example toilet paper and washing power can be kept for quite long but you need to know your prices to be able to make use of the value Use discount vouchers – The main food retailers have loyalty programme structures that can be tailored to your specific spending patterns. Make sure you claim point or vouchers but look out for monthly costs to belong to a rewards program. Ask yourself if your monthly savings validate the cost. Optimally a reward scheme shouldn't cost you money.
– The main food retailers have loyalty programme structures that can be tailored to your specific spending patterns. Make sure you claim point or vouchers but look out for monthly costs to belong to a rewards program. Ask yourself if your monthly savings validate the cost. Optimally a reward scheme shouldn't cost you money. Drive at the speed limit – It saves petrol, fines your car and perhaps your life.
– It saves petrol, fines your car and perhaps your life. Check your current insurances – Do an insurance rebroke. Make sure you are covered for what you need and take things off the list that you do not have any more and add what you have bought since the last update. Make sure you are not under or over insured and that your premium is market related. The cheapest premium isn't always the best so be aware of exclusions and excesses and make sure you can afford the excess if you need to claim.
– Do an insurance rebroke. Make sure you are covered for what you need and take things off the list that you do not have any more and add what you have bought since the last update. Make sure you are not under or over insured and that your premium is market related. The cheapest premium isn't always the best so be aware of exclusions and excesses and make sure you can afford the excess if you need to claim. Check if you actually need a pay out on your insurance sometime in the future – In most cases you can reduce your monthly premiums by not having a pay out in the future. If you want a pay out in the future save the extra premium in an investment product, not a risk product.
– In most cases you can reduce your monthly premiums by not having a pay out in the future. If you want a pay out in the future save the extra premium in an investment product, not a risk product. Be wary of consolidating debt – You might pay a lower interest rate but it might well be over a longer period so the total interest paid will be higher. If you have debt issues, set up a debt plan with dates and goals to reduce the debt little by little. Do not give up.
Read: This is how much more money you spend over Christmas
The lawyer for Aaron Hernandez is suing the National Football League after an autopsy found that the 27-year-old player, who died by suicide after being convicted of murder, had a brain disease called chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). A new study suggests that kids who play tackle football before age 12 are at risk of developing CTE, which can cause mood swings, aggression and dementia-like symptoms. And yet, another recent study found evidence of CTE in the brains of 99 percent of NFL players examined posthumously.
Is football inherently unsafe?
Despite this spate of bad news, there is no consensus on the answer to that question. Some researchers think football is best-avoided. Others think the sport can be made safer with equipment and training modifications, or at least that there's not enough evidence to throw out the entire game. [See Images of Brains with CTE]
"There are other things we would need to know in order to answer that," said Erik Swartz, a kinesiologist at the University of New Hampshire. But, Swartz said, researchers can't kick the can down the road for much longer.
Chris Harris (25) of the Denver Broncos tackles Aaron Hernandez (81) of the New England Patriots on Dec. 18, 2011. After their death, Hernandez was found to have a degenerative brain disease that has been linked to head impacts. Credit: Marc Piscotty/Getty Images
"We don't want to continually say we need to learn more or we want to know more," they told Live Science. "We know a lot more today than we did 20 years ago. The science is better. The evidence is stronger."
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy was once known as "punch-drunk syndrome" because it was thought to be a problem mostly exclusive to boxers. It's not. In 2002, an autopsy of former Pittsburgh Steelers football player Mike Webster, who died at 50, revealed the distinctive mark of CTE: a buildup of a protein called tau. Abnormalities in tau are also present in patients with Alzheimer's disease, and the symptoms of people with CTE are dementia-like. They include impulsivity, loss of memory, confusion, tremor and movement problems as well as depression and anxiety.
The top images here show a normal brain. The bottom images show the brain of former University of Texas football player Greg Ploetz, who died at age 66. Credit: Dr. Ann McKee, Copyright: BU Photography
CTE can currently only be diagnosed by autopsy, though that may change. A study published in the journal PLOS ONE in September found that an inflammatory protein called CCL11 circulates at high levels in the cerebrospinal fluid of people with CTE compared with levels in people with Alzheimer's or without long-term brain damage. Researchers don't yet know if the protein increases early or late in the disease or whether the levels of the protein correspond to disease severity, but CCL11 could be a potential biomarker for diagnosing the disease during life, they wrote.
The inability of researchers to diagnose the disease until after a person dies is one of the problems facing scientists who are trying to figure out just how dangerous football really is. In July, Boston University-led research found evidence of CTE in the brains of 110 of 111 former NFL players that they examined. The limitation to this study is that because CTE can't be diagnosed until after death, families who noticed dementia-like symptoms in their loved ones were disproportionately likely to donate their brains to research. A diagnosis of CTE while the patient is alive would pave the way for more accurate statistics.
Another problem is that many questions about how CTE develops and who is most vulnerable are still unanswered.
"Everyone has a different genetic background," said Jonathan Cherry, a postdoctoral fellow at Boston University and the lead author of the CCL11 research. "They have different environmental factors that can come into play."
What researchers do know, Cherry said, is that CTE doesn't require people to experience actual concussions, which are traumatic brain impacts that cause noticeable symptoms like confusion, nausea and ringing ears. Subconcussive impacts, if repeated enough times, can also lead to CTE. In the CCL11 study, Cherry and their colleagues found that the inflammatory protein, like CTE itself, correlated not with the number of concussions someone received in life, but with years of football played.
"Something we're trying to answer is how many hits is too many hits," Cherry told Live Science.
The Vicis Zero1 football helmet aims to reduce head impacts with a flexible shell and deformable, column-like inner layer. Credit: VICIS
In the absence of sure information, there are attempts to make football safer. A major push, funded by the NFL, is to design better helmets. The newest to show up on professional fields is the Vicis Zero1, a helmet with a larger surface area and a flexible outer shell that gives during a collision "like a car bumper," Vicis CEO Dave Marver told Live Science in an email. Instead of traditional padding, the helmet's interior is made up of a series of flexible "columns," which can twist and buckle to absorb rotational forces. The helmet scored above all others in the NFL's 2017 laboratory testing. It's already being used in games by Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith, according to Business Insider, and the University of Mississippi announced in March that it would be trying out the helmets for its players as well. Vicis plans to continue refining its technology, Marver said, and the company's engineers are using sophisticated computer modeling and new types of testing to continue to improve the helmets.
Still, Vicis is careful not to market its product as concussion proof.
"As long as there are impact forces resulting from collisions, risk of concussion remains," Marver said. Different people have different thresholds for concussion, Marver said, and no helmet is foolproof enough to protect against all potential hits.
Helmet companies have overstepped on concussion-reduction claims before. Helmet company Riddell marketed its helmet as reducing the risk of concussion by 31 percent, even after a biomechanics lab warned the company in 2000 that no helmet could promise to reduce concussion risk. In 2013, Riddell was docked $11.5 million for making those claims as a result of a lawsuit filed by a Colorado family whose son suffered a severe concussion during a game.
Some researchers argue that helmets are part of the problem — or at least not a clear-cut solution. The larger the helmet (and the VICIS Zero1 is larger than many), the more surface area there is for impact, the University of New Hampshire's Swartz said. (More impacts mean more brain trauma over time.) Helmets also offer a false sense of security to players, Swartz said. When your head is cocooned in inches of plastic and padding, you're more likely to ram it into other people than if you're helmetless. [5 Ways Science Could Make Football Safer]
Helmets undeniably provide head protection, Swartz said, and they're a necessary part of the game. But they and their colleagues are testing a method of helmet-free training for college and high-school players. The idea, Swartz said, is to teach players how to tackle and block without head protection so that their instinctive desire to protect their head becomes muscle memory.
"I played rugby for eight years, and it never occurred to me to lead with my head going into contact," Swartz said. Rugby players get concussions and head injuries, they said, but they don't endure as many head impacts as football players do.
In a study in which University of New Hampshire football players were randomly assigned to receive the helmetless training or not, Swartz and their team found that those who'd trained without helmets experienced 30 percent fewer head impacts over the course of a season than those who trained with helmets. The researchers have done a larger randomized trial in high-school students, but those results have yet to be published.
Whether 30 percent is enough to prevent long-term damage, no one knows.
"We won't be satisfied with a certain threshold," Swartz said. "We just want to get it as low as we can."
Head impacts could be even more damaging for athletes who are still recovering from a prior concussion. That's why concussion diagnosis is so important. Even so, diagnosis among athletes hasn't been as throrough as it needs to be, experts said. [5 Facts About Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE)]
When an athlete gets hit on the head in the field, National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) standards call for a battery of cognitive and neurological tests that assess things like symptoms and balance on the spot. That's not enough, said Semyon Slobounov, a professor of kinesiology and neurosurgery at Penn State University and author of "Concussions in Athletics: From Brain to Behavior" (Springer-Verlag New York, 2014). To really assess concussion damage, Slobounov told Live Science, athletes need a direct assessment. At Penn State's Center for Sport Concussion Research and Service, that assessment can include functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), diffusion tensor imaging, electroencephalograms and other methods of directly measuring brain function.
"Concussive injury is definitely linked to pathophysiological alteration of the brain," which means changes to the structure and function of brain tissue, Slobounov said.
That alteration can persist, even once-obvious symptoms like confusion or dizziness clear up, they said. In other words, letting athletes back on the field when symptoms abate doesn't guarantee that their brains have really recovered. Most players are cleared to play after a week, Slobounov said, while studies on blood flow show that alterations in brain function persist past 30 days. The damage may be compounded in players who take more hits before the brain heals.
At the same time, Slobounov said, athletes' brains recover from concussions faster than the brains of nonathletes, and they and their colleagues have found that light, low-impact exercise started as early as two days post-injury can speed recovery. The benefit of exercise for the brain is one reason Slobounov is among the experts who are reluctant to throw the football out with the bathwater.
"We should be concerned about disability and mobility and obesity issues and kids not getting exercise," Slobounov said, while still characterizing the questions surrounding concussions as "a serious problem."
The benefits of a physically active lifestyle make Swartz hesitate to condemn football, as well. There may eventually be enough evidence to suggest that the full-tackle game be delayed to older ages, they said. In September, Boston University researchers published data in the journal Translational Psychiatry that showed that individuals who began playing before age 12 were more likely to show depression, problems with cognitive functioning and trouble with behavioral regulation in middle age than those who had started later, as assessed over the phone and in online psychological testing. More research is needed to make any policy changes or guidelines, those researchers wrote.
"If a parent were to decide, 'My child is going to play football, but they're going to start off for two or three years in flag football, then progressively move over to a tackle football,' that is almost objectively a safer approach," Swartz said, simply because the child will receive fewer total head impacts. The age at which children have the capacity to weigh the risks and rewards of the game is also worth thinking about, they said.
For Cherry, who disentangles the postmortem consequences of CTE, it's hard to see how to reduce the risk enough.
"When people ask what is the best way to not get CTE, I tell them that you don't get hit in the head," they said. "That is the surefire way to not get CTE. It gets very difficult to say, How can you make the sport safer? when the way is to not get hit in the head — and that's football. So I have a lot of trouble when people ask that question."
Original article on Live Science.
It took middleweight fighter Timothy Woods just 83 seconds to end their fight with Tim Caron at CES MMA 48 via stoppage – but unfortunately for Woods, they knocked themselves out.
Leaning against the cage, Woods tried to sweep Caron's leg and slam them to the mat, but they took the brunt of the impact with their face and was immediately out. Caron got off a few shots to the head for good measure, but the referee quickly stepped in once they realized Woods was knocked out.
Tim Caron vs. Timothy Woods #CES48 Yup Self KO pic.twitter.com/CP2Nr5fHxd — Zombie Prophet (@ZPGIFs) February 3, 2018
Woods remained on the mat for several minutes and left on a stretcher, but said “all is well” on Instagram after the fight, and thanked CES MMA for the opportunity.
Timothy Woods goes out on the stretcher after several minutes but was responsive and moving their arms. #CES48 — Sherdog.com (@sherdogdotcom) February 3, 2018
Thank you @CESMMA for the opportunity to compete in CES MMA 48. Thank you to @AXSTVFights, too. — Timothy D. Woods (@goodsoldiermma) February 3, 2018
To all fans and supporters, thank you for your unwavering positivity and support. It means the world to me! — Timothy D. Woods (@goodsoldiermma) February 3, 2018
(Thanks to Bleacher Report for sharing this video.)
HOUSTON - A man's body was found Wednesday at the scene of a shooting in Houston's Midtown neighborhood.
The shooting was reported about 5 a.m. near the intersection of Webster and Fannin streets.
Houston police said investigators believe the shooting may have been a drive-by.
The identity of the victim was not immediately released.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Landon Donovan is no longer the only former United States national team member who is vocally questioning the direction of the US men's national team following a string of poor...
Korea's SK Telecom to Build Blockchain for Identity and Asset Exchange
SK Telecom has announced plans to launch a blockchain-based platform aimed to simplify payment and subscription processes.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CASINO
Australian MP Andrew Wilkie has found what they described as “potentially very hard and indisputable evidence” to pin casino operator Crown Resorts Ltd. to pokies tampering.
Wilkie announced on Tuesday that they are in possession of Crown-branded ‘picks' that were allegedly used by a former high-roller to jam poker machine buttons in order for gamblers to have uninterrupted games, according to The Guardian report.
Copies of the supposed Crown picks, as well as punter loyalty cards, have been submitted to the Victorian Commission for Gambling and Liquor Regulation (VCGLR) to help the state regulator with its ongoing investigation, according to Wilkie.
Wilkie also informed Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Graham Aston about the tampering claims through a letter.
“It certainly raised a couple of eyebrows this morning at the VCGLR when I showed them the picks, when I showed them the multiple loyalty cards. This is potentially very hard and indisputable evidence,” Wilkie said, according to the news outlet.
According to Wilkie, the pieces of evidence were given to them by a female high-roller who wished to remain anonymous.
The woman revealed that they lose up to AUD30,000 (US$22,824) every time they go to Crown Casino. Instead of stopping her, the woman alleged that they were given multiple loyalty cards so that they could play several pokies at once.
For Wilkie, the testimony of the unnamed former gambler corroborated the stories of three Crown staffers who previously came forward to accuse the casino operator of allowing the tampering of video poker machines.
The whistleblowers claimed that casino managers ordered Crown Melbourne staff to tamper with the machines, including disabling lower bet provisions and modifying buttons to allow prohibited autoplay—acts that could increase gambling losses.
They made other allegations against Crown, such as tolerating the misuse of identity documents that helped certain high-value customers avoid the scrutiny of financial watchdogs Austrac and allowing certain customers to smoke marijuana on the premises.
“Obviously if they're true, Crown Casino will have some very serious matters to answer, some very serious charges to answer because it is a crime in Victoria to illegally modify poker machines,” Wilkie said, according to the ABC Online News report. “It is a crime in Victoria to provide a patron with some sort of device to allow the machine to continuously play.”
Comments
SANTIAGO, Chile — A Chilean judge has sentenced eight retired military officers to 18 years in prison for the kidnapping and murder of folk singer Victor Jara and a government official at the start of the country's military dictatorship.
The office of the court system says a ninth veteran was sentenced to five years for coverup.
The Marxist folk singer was seized in the hours after Gen. Augusto Pinochet overthrew socialist President Salvador Allende on Sept. 11, 1973. They were taken the country's main soccer stadium where they were tortured and killed.
Allende's prisons chief Littre Quiroga also was killed.
The ruling announced Tuesday can be appealed.
More than 3,000 people were slain during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, and most of those crimes remain unsolved.
League Express editor Martyn Sadler suggests that the shortened form of the game would be a good alternative to a Reserve Grade competition.
Last year I had a meeting with the then RFL director Roger Draper about a number of issues that needed to be discussed.
Roger was looking for ideas about creating new Rugby League properties that would have commercial and spectator potential.
One idea I put forward was to create a Nines competition for Super League, to be played by all the clubs in midweek during the summer months.
For me the prospect of a Nines competition has advantages over a more conventional Reserves competition and I'm confident it could gain some traction.
For example, given that most Nines matches last only 20 minutes, it would be perfectly possible for one venue to stage three matches on any particular evening.
The games could be played primarily by players who are not selected for their club's first team on the preceding weekend.
It would ensure that all the members of Super League squads were having regular match practice, and of course, clubs will need fewer players to fill a Nines squad than they would to run a Reserves team.
The games could be played on midweek evenings with six clubs attending each event, with perhaps one event west of the Pennines and one east of the Pennines, while not forgetting occasional events in Perpignan.
The venues would rotate between the Super League clubs and, with six clubs involved at each venue, I think there would be scope for the tournament, if well promoted, to draw significant support.
Given that we are supposed to be having a Nines World Cup in 2019 or thereabouts, it would also be a great way for our players to develop their skills in that version of the game.
At the time Roger seemed very enthusiastic about the idea, but I didn't hear any more about it and now he's departed from the RFL.
It would be a shame if the idea departed with him.
Martyn Sadler writes their ‘Talking Rugby League' column every Monday in League Express. This article is an expanded version of part of their column published on Monday 29 January.
Image copyright Twitter: @andreasgwood Image caption The photo of the handwritten list has received nearly 20,000 likes since it was posted on Twitter
The wall of an under-stair cupboard containing a register of World War Two air raids gives an interesting insight into the experience, experts have said.
The "time capsule" of times and dates of air raid warnings during September 1940 over Epsom, Surrey, was recently rediscovered at a house in the town.
Andreas Wood said it was "an heirloom" inherited when their family bought the property 35 years ago.
The Imperial War Museum said it was keen to try to preserve the wall.
Senior curator Ian Kikuchi said it showed what life would have been like under the constant threat of aerial bombardments during The Blitz, and the "physical discomfort and disruption they caused".
"It is easy to imagine the writer taking shelter in this cramped space as the air raid sirens sounded, not knowing whether bombs might soon be falling on their home, or on those of their neighbours," they said.
It is not known who wrote it.
Skip Twitter post by @andreasgwood This always blows my mind. Under the stairs at my Mama's house is a handwritten list of all the times that the air raid sirens went off in Epsom. Living, palpable history. pic.twitter.com/oVyABKkqzB — Woody (@andreasgwood) March 11, 2018 Report
Mr Wood told BBC Surrey: "When were growing up as kids we used to go down there and pretend we were hiding out from an air raid because we had this thing on the wall... it was so evocative."
Since then the list had been buried behind "a load of junk" and was only recently rediscovered when it all got cleared, they said.
A photo of the wall has received nearly 20,000 likes, and has been shared more than 5,000 times, since Mr Wood posted it on Twitter just over a week ago.
"It's real history, not in a museum, in someone's house.
"People can really relate to it. People are really interested in local history... it's so specific in date and time.
"It's a beautiful time capsule," Mr Wood said.
Mr Kikuchi said the Imperial War Museum was "interested to explore the ways in which this tangible piece of history might be preserved".
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Love was in the air at a shelter in Macon on Tuesday. Daybreak shelter invited a special guest to spread the Valentine's Day spirit through music.
They say students from Mercer's music program play at the center once a month, but today they came in the name of love. Today a cellist graced the ears of participants at the center.
“We developed a relationship with mercer about a year ago, where their students come and perform for our people,” said Daybreak Center Director Sister Katie Norris.
The bond between Mercer University's music program and the Daybreak center isn't a romantic kind of love, but it's a commitment nonetheless.
“We don't think of valentine's day in that way all the time but, the fact of the matter is love can be expressed in lots of different ways, and music can be one and coming to meet people where they are is another one,” said Sister Norris.
Daybreak participant Prency Proke says music is a passion of hers, and the opportunity to hear one of their favorite groups play was an engagement they didn't want to miss.
“I listen to music when I'm driving my car, when I'm cleaning up. I just love music because it just does something to my soul,” they said.
Proke believes students playing music for a group often forgotten shows their devotion to the surrounding community.
“She could've said no but they just wanted to do something for a worthy cause. To lift these people up down here, to lift their spirits up because some people don't have anybody to tell them that they love them or care for them,” they added.
Mercer student musicians volunteering to perform for residents is their way of expressing love for people in the Macon-Bibb community.
“It's been great and I think part of it is the energy and enthusiasm of the students and I think that our people just appreciate the obvious expertise that these young people have.”
Sister Norris says Mercer students sharing their gifts and talents, is one of many ways people in the community can show love to the less fortunate.
What exactly is Ambien?
Ambien is a drug that's used to treat insomnia. The generic name is zolpidem and it's made by drug manufacturer Sanofi-Aventis. Ambien has been reported to make people do all sorts of things — sleepwalk, make food, have sex, talk on the phone, drive — without remembering ever doing them. One person even cut their own hair.
Ambien is known as a sedative-hypnotic and comes in a quick-acting form and an extended-release form. It's the most widely prescribed sedative-hypnotic medication on the market in the US, with millions of prescriptions sold around the world.
The Food and Drug Administration, which first approved the drug in 1992, updated the labeling in 2013 to warn that the drug could cause mental impairment the next day and that people shouldn't engage in driving or any activity that requires mental alertness.
Ivan "Pudge" Rodriguez's Hall of Fame career resulted in 14 All-Star nominations, the 1999 American League MVP award and a 2003 World Series championship with the then-Florida Marlins.
The family legacy in Major League Baseball is continuing.
Rodriguez's son, 25-year-old pitcher Dereck Rodriguez, made their Major League debut for the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday against the Colorado Rockies when they came to the mound in relief of injured starter Jeff Samardzija.
It was a rocky debut. Over the course of 3 1/3 innings, Rodriguez gave up four runs (one earned) on five hits while striking out four. They were pulled from the game in the fifth inning after a line drive came back and hit them in the shin. They also recorded an RBI double to deep right field in the top of the fifth to give San Francisco its first run of the game. The Giants lost 11-4.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"I wanted to stay in,'' Rodriguez said after the game, according to ESPN. "But after I threw a few warmup pitches, it felt like it wanted to cramp up to where I couldn't push off my back leg.''
Rodriguez, a former sixth-round pick in the 2011 draft by the Minnesota Twins, made the transition from outfielder to pitcher prior to the 2014 season. They were 4-1 with a 3.40 ERA with 53 strikeouts over 50 1/3 innings for Triple A Sacramento before the Giants purchased their contract.
They have a long way to go to live up to their dad's legacy. "Pudge" Rodriguez played 21 years in the majors for the Texas Rangers (1991-2002; 2009), Florida Marlins (2003), Detroit Tigers (2004-2008), New York Yankees (2008), Houston Astros (2009) and Washington Nationals (2010-2011). They compiled a .296 career batting average with 2,844 hits, 311 home runs and 1,332 RBI. They won 13 Gold Glove Awards and seven Silver Slugger Awards.
Ten-year-old Asmar Johnson is a prodigy on the bass. He's already played three times at Asbury Park, NJ's famous Stone Pony nightclub. And even though Asmar is just in the...
A winter storm watch is in effect from Tuesday afternoon until Wednesday evening. A pair of back to back noreaster`s Tuesday and Wednesday mornings will merge into a single intense storm off the mid Atlantic coast by Wednesday afternoon, according to the National Weather Service. Central New Jersey could receive 8 to 12 inches of snow.
Widespread power outages are possible, and travel could be difficult at times. On Wednesday afternoon and evening, snow could fall at a rate of 1 to 3 inches per hour. Up to a tenth of an inch of ice is also possible.
Heavy, wet snow could bring down trees and power lines. Wind gusts of 30 to 40 miles per hour are possible on Tuesday night and Wednesday. A period of heavy snow is also possible with the onset of precipitation on Tuesday. Visibility will be low at times.
A winter storm watch means there is potential for significant snow, sleet or ice accumulations that may affect travel.
As of early this week, the Humboldt County (California) Sheriff's Office thought 22-year-old Rebekah Martinez has been missing for more than two months.
The only problem? Martinez had been spotted by millions of people on a weekly basis.
It turns out Martinez is actually "Bekah," one of the women competing for the heart of Arie Luyendyk Jr. on this season of "The Bachelor."
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez had been reported missing by their mother on Nov. 18 after they hadn't heard from their daughter for six days. Martinez's mother was able to contact their daughter the same day they filed the missing person's report.
This is peak #TheBachelor. Not even I could make this up. Yes, that's Bekah M.
TL,DR: a 22 year-old woman was reported missing by their mom from a marijuana farm in Humboldt County. They found them on The Bachelor. https://t.co/2QqmcNWL33 pic.twitter.com/gzqy9CWwds — Heidi (@HeidiRochelle) February 2, 2018
According to the New York Times, officials with the sheriff's office didn't learn that Martinez's mother had spoken to their daughter until Dec. 12 when they followed up with an email.
However, procedure requires that sheriff's deputies make "direct contact" with missing persons before they can be removed from the missing person's list. So, for more than two months and five episodes of a hit network show, Rebekah Martinez continued to be listed as a missing person.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
That all changed when the North Coast Journal received a comment on its Facebook page, informing reporters that Martinez was still listed as "missing" by the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office. Once deputies were alerted by the Journal, Martinez was removed from the missing person's list.
Martinez is one of 10 other women still in contention on The Bachelor.
JAMESTOWN — Take two of the area's top players, and watch them improve of the summer months. Then put a talented supporting cast of teammates around them and watch the numbers soar.
Greeneview's Faith Strickle and Frankie Fife appear to be better than ever, and the entire team looked to be improved in a convincing 95-36 rout Dec. 9 of visiting Ohio Heritage Conference foe Springfield Catholic Central.
Rams coach Tim Hoelle enjoys having the luxury of two field generals on the court almost at all times. And when Strickle & Fife get into a scoring zone, the intensity appears to be contagious with the rest of the Rams.
“It's a good feeling having two players like that,” Hoelle said. “And it's not just the scoring part of it. It's just the general basketball abilities they have, being out on the court and being able to direct plays. They can make shots, which is a plus. But they've done a really good job this year of sharing that ball and keeping everybody else involved.”
In Saturday's dominating win, Strickle led the way with 31 points, Fife scored 27 and six other players combined for 37.
Fife and Strickle combined to score the first 12 points of Saturday's Ohio Heritage Conference game to get the Rams out to a 12-0 lead midway through the opening quarter. Catholic Central responded with a 4-0 mini run, then Greeneview sophomore Sylvie Sonneman scored the next five points, and the rout was on.
“I was just really proud of the way we moved the ball and shared the ball today,” Hoelle said. “… We do get energy when (Strickle and Fife) are playing well, and that's what you want when your two best players get hot. You should get energy from that.
“I think the most important thing is that, this season, they've really learned to trust their teammates a lot more. The girls that we have coming into the game, they're giving energy right back to them. It definitely goes both ways, which is great.”
For much of their career, Strickle seemed to take on the role of inside scorer and rebounder. And they did a nice job of it. But this season, the senior guard appears to have stepped up their outside game too.
In Saturday's win, Strickle drained four 3-pointers as part of their 31-point effort. They admitted to having spent a lot of time in the offseason on their outside game.
“I worked on that hard in the summer, my outside game and my inside game,” they said. “… The whole team is doing a really good job. Frankie had 27 points tonight, and Sylvie's been playing really good defense. The other girls, or course, are doing a really good job of finding the open player and getting them the ball.”
Strickle said a good dose of summer ball with their teammates has helped the team's chemistry. With the talented Sonneman as the only sophomore on the varsity roster early on, the other six juniors and four seniors have become pretty familiar with each other's tendencies.
In four games thus far, Greeneview has outscored its opponents by an average of 82.8 to 26.3. Catholic Central was the first opponent to score more than 30 points against the Rams this year.
“I think we're moving the ball really well this year, and we're playing good defense,” Strickle said. “I mean, last year we played really good defense too, but we're playing really good offensively, now too.”
Greeneview has a trio of road contests ahead. They head to North Lewisburg to take on Triad on Thursday Dec. 14, then they're in Enon to play Greenon on Dec. 14 before closing out the road swing with what could be a key OHC battle at Cedarville on Dec. 21.
“We're not concerned with who's next on our schedule. We're just trying to get better each and every day,” Hoelle said.
Greeneview's not concerned, but maybe the rest of the OHC should be.
Video
What's it like being a teenager with HIV?
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Mike Francesa's replacements are better at one thing than the WFAN legend.
On a day of turmoil on the sports station, Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott took the high road in complimenting Francesa even as he's poised to take back some of their airtime from them.
“All I could tell you is this: We are not going anywhere, we are going to be a big part of this radio station for a long time and this is a business,” Carlin said as the show opened at 2 p.m. “You are talking about someone in Mike who was wildly successful for 30 years, so it only makes business sense to welcome someone like that back into the fold. Is it awkward? Of course it is.
“There's room for all of us here and we're all going to be here. We're going to continue to grow and I guarantee you one thing: We are going to have a ton of fun doing it. If Mike's back in the afternoon, and it certainly looks like that's going to be the case, it only makes the radio station stronger.”
Tuesday morning started with Francesa telling Newsday it was “time to return to WFAN.” Morning host and longtime Francesa rival Boomer Esiason spoke of a station-wide embargo on discussing Francesa's move.
“It's such a Mike thing to announce something before anybody else announces something. It's so pompous,” Esiason said.
But if the afternoon hosts shared that opinion, they kept it off the air. The new schedule will likely mean the trio will only be on the air for two to two and a half hours a day, with Francesa taking over at 3 or 3:30 pm.
“All of our voices can be heard. … We are going to continue to be different, that's why they hired us in the first place,” Gray said. “Fresh perspective, a little something different. You've gotten a taste for what Carlin is like, what Bart is like, what I'm like. And we are going to continue on that path and grow as a show. … We are going to continue rolling, we know it's all about you guys and not about us.”
The show was only given a brief window to grow, and it appears WFAN panicked after it lost its first three-month ratings book to ESPN Radio's “The Michael Kay Show.” Scott was the most vocal in responding to Francesa and former “Mike and the Mad Dog” co-host Chris Russo when the pair recently mocked them for their ratings on Russo's MLB Network show. But the former Ravens and Jets linebacker spoke cautiously Monday.
“I am just trying to get out of the house,” Scott said to laughter. “I am the only one who has retired before and retirement isn't fun. I am happy to get to share this piece of real estate with you guys, let the New York fan base get a glimpse of what I am like, our unique perspectives. I am going to enjoy the ride. Criticism, arrows don't bother me at all. When it's not fun, I won't do it.”
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
The White House(WASHINGTON) — When the Department of Justice notified President Donald Trump and White House staff in January about concerns over National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's contact with the Russian ambassador, Vice President Mike Pence was kept out of the loop, only learning about the matter last week through media reports, according to Pence's press secretary.
Pence was made aware that they received “incomplete” information from Flynn only after reading a report about the circumstances in the Washington Post last Thursday and asking about the situation.
Two weeks had passed since the Justice Department first contacted the White House on Jan. 26 and Trump who was “immediately” informed, according to White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
“What I would tell you is that the vice president became aware of incomplete information that they had received on February 9th last Thursday night based on media accounts,” said Pence's press secretary Marc Lotter. “He did an inquiry based on those media accounts.”
Using information provided to them by Flynn, the vice president publicly denied that the former general discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador in an interview with CBS's “Face the Nation” on Jan. 15.
Flynn wrote in their resignation letter that they “inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
Earlier in the day Tuesday, Spicer classified the “evolving and eroding” relationship between National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Trump as what prompted the president to ask for Flynn's resignation.
“There's nothing that the general did that was a violation of any sort,” Spicer said. “What this came down to be a matter of trust.”
“When the president heard the information as presented by White House counsel, they instinctively thought Gen. Flynn did not do anything wrong, and the White House counsel's review corroborated that,” Spicer said.
Spicer repeatedly said that nothing Flynn said in their calls with the ambassador was illegal, adding that “the president had no problem with the fact that they [Flynn] acted in accord to what their job was to be doing.”
But Flynn's relationship with Trump “had eroded to the point where they felt they had to make a change,” said Spicer, pointing to an unspecified “series of questionable instances.”
Flynn offered their resignation Monday night. Tuesday's news conference was the first since then.
Flynn previously confirmed that they had spoken to the ambassador but denied that they discussed the sanctions that the United States imposed on Russia for its suspected interference in the 2016 presidential election.
It was later publicly disclosed that such a conversation did take place. According to a senior White House official, Flynn called Pence last Friday to apologize for misleading them about the conversation.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A bill to reform the country's immigration detention system was introduced this week in the House of Representatives.
The measure, the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act, was introduced by Reps. Pramila Jayapal (D-Washington) and Adam Smith (D-Washington), and is co-sponsored by more than three dozen other members of Congress.
“This bill is incredibly important for [Asian Pacific Islander] immigrants,” Jayapal told NBC News. “Detention and deportation is sometimes classified as a Latino problem and it's just a misconception because increasingly we see APIs being detained across the country from just about every community.”
Rep. Pramila Jayapal, D-Wash., speaks at a Congressional Tri-Caucus news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2017, on injustice and inequality in America. Andrew Harnik / AP
The Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act would attempt to address standards and accountability for detention centers across the country, phase out private detention centers over a three-year period, have detention facilities be managed by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and reduce the number of people in detention centers, Jayapal said.
More than three dozen civil society organizations have thrown their support behind the bill, including the Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC) and Colectiva Legal del Pueblo. Staff from both organizations said they serve clients who have experienced “inhumane” treatment at immigration detention facilities, such as a lack of a means to express grievances and poor health care.
“We think that this legislation is a good step in trying to address a number of these conditions within detention centers … and also in making sure that the U.S. government isn't detaining people primarily because of past crimes that they already served their time for,” Katrina Dizon Mariategue, immigration policy manager at SEARAC, told NBC News. “We basically don't think detention resources should be used on detaining people that are not a threat to their community, even if they do have a former criminal conviction.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Deported: A Grassroots Movement (Part 1 of 5) 7:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
More than 16,000 Southeast Asian Americans have been issued final orders of removal since 1998, but because of the relationship the United States has with Cambodia, Vietnam, and Laos, many are detained for long periods of time. Cambodia accepts a limited number of individuals per year; Vietnam only accepts deportees who came to the United States after 1995; Laos doesn't have a formal policy for accepting deportees.
RELATED: NBC Asian America Presents: Deported
Victoria Mena, policy director at Colectiva Legal del Pueblo, a Washington state-based organization dedicated to migrant justice, said the group supports the measure because it would increase transparency, oversight, and accountability in the immigration detention system, which would benefit Latinos, who make up the majority of detainees.
In fiscal year 2016, of the top 10 countries of origin for individuals who were removed from the United States, eight were in Latin America.
Clients served by Colectiva Legal del Pueblo who have been detained are typically unable to pay bonds, Mena said, and some have been detained for years.
The organization has also seen permanent legal residents detainees who decades ago committed minor infractions — such as driving under the influence — and asylum seekers.
A vehicle drives into the Otay Mesa detention center in San Diego, California on June 9, 2017. Elliot Spagat / AP file
“It's terribly, terribly troubling to hear all of the different accounts from folks in detention, everything from the high phone bills they have to pay just to be able to connect with their families, to the inadequate health care and inadequate food and nutrition that happens there. And this once again ties to the fact that these are all for-profit facilities trying to make money off of people's lives,” Mena told NBC News.
Jayapal said they were prompted to introduce the bill after having worked on the issue of detention for more than 15 years starting with an organization they founded after 9/11 called OneAmerica, which advances democracy and justice by empowering immigrant communities. Through their work, they have seen a dramatic growth in the country's detention system and the amount it costs taxpayers, they said.
In 2008, Immigration and Customs Enforcement received funding for 27,500 detention beds. For fiscal year 2018, the House Appropriations Committee is proposing a total of 44,000 detention beds — a 4,676 bed increase from fiscal year 2017 — as part of a $4.4 billion budget allocation that would also fund fugitive operations teams and criminal alien program operations.
Jennifer Elzea, ICE acting press secretary, told NBC News in an email that the agency houses detainees in a variety of facilities across the United States, including ones that are ICE-owned-and-operated; local, county or state facilities; and those that are contractor-owned-and-operated, to achieve “the highest possible cost savings for the taxpayer.”
ICE declined to comment on the pending legislation, but Elzea told NBC News that the agency is committed to providing a safe and secure environment for those it in its custody.
"ICE's civil detention system reduces transfers, maximizes access to counsel and visitation, promotes recreation, improves conditions of confinement and ensures quality medical, mental health and dental care,” they said.
In an email to NBC News, Rep. Adam Smith said a detention center in their district that is operated by a private company called The GEO Group, brought to their attention the abuse and neglect immigrants and refugees experience in private immigration detention facilities across the United States every day.
Today we joined in support of the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act to reform our broken immigration detention system #DignityandJustice pic.twitter.com/S4s7vFPIgd — Rep. Adam Smith (@RepAdamSmith) October 3, 2017
“The Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act recognizes that the status quo is unacceptable,” they said. “We need to do more to ensure transparency and accountability, and this legislation would bring about a fundamental change in restoring dignity to our failing immigration detention system.”
The GEO Group refuted the claims about its facilities in an emailed statement.
“GEO has a long history of providing culturally responsive services in safe and humane environments that meet the needs of individuals in the care and custody of federal immigration authorities as confirmed in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Advisory Council report in 2016 on privately operated ICE facilities,” Pablo Paez, vice president of corporate relations at The GEO Group, wrote.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Valley City Public Schools held a long-term planning meeting on Monday, June 25.
School board members and superintendent Josh Johnson presented the plan beginning at 5:30 p.m. in the Central Administration Building.
North Dakota public school districts are required by the North Dakota Century Code to hold a public three- to five-year planning meeting on even numbered years.
Johnson stated that the district adopted a five-year strategic plan earlier this year that “is overall our big vision in terms of what are goals are specific to the school district.”
The purpose the planning process addressed Monday is to look at demographics as they relate to academic and extracurricular programs, instructional and administrative staffing, facility needs and utilization and district tax levies.
More on this story can be found in the June 28 edition of the Times-Record.
Barack Obama is spending their last weeks as president on their annual, multi-million dollar vacation to Hawaii, funded by hardworking American taxpayers. While many Americans are just struggling to get by, Obama is living it up for 17 days and not sparing any expense.
The Daily Caller reported that on Wednesday night, the Obama family dined at Nobu—one of the most expensive restaurants in Honolulu. Meals at the famous Japanese restaurant net out to about $180 per person, so we can only imagine how much the Obamas decided to throw away there.
The Secret Service also reportedly searched everyone who entered the restaurant, while snipers kept a close eye on the Obamas from a nearby rooftop.
This was also an interesting choice for a meal given that Obama had spent the day visiting Pearl Harbor, the military base where over 2,400 Americans lost their lives in a Japanese attack in 1941. Obama visited the famous site with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to pardon Japan for the attack.
What do you think? Are you ready for our hard-earned dollars to be out of the Obamas' hands?
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
By KEN RITTER and MICHELLE L. PRICE
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Las Vegas police released video Wednesday from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order. Previous material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism by officers and witnesses.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd,
Courts ordered the release in response to a lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned department employees from talking about the material. Officer Jacinto Rivera, a department spokesperson, said there would be no comment Wednesday.
FBI spokesperson Sandra Breault also declined to comment.
Police and the FBI have said they don't know a motive for the attack, and the investigation is ongoing.
The agencies say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone, shooting from a 32nd-floor suite at the Mandalay Bay resort into the crowd of 22,000 country music fans. They say the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Authorities say Paddock, 64, a real estate investor and high-stakes gambler, had amassed an arsenal of nearly two dozen assault-style rifles and numerous high-capacity ammunition magazines in the hotel suite where they broke the windows and opened fire for about 10 minutes.
Lombardo has warned that releasing the records would "further traumatize a wounded community."
On May 2, the department made public several hours of video including footage from two officers' body cameras showing police blasting through the door of the room where authorities say Paddock killed themselves before officers arrived. Paddock is seen dead on the floor.
Two weeks later, the department released 1,200 pages of police reports containing witness statements and officer accounts, including reports from at least two people who said a person they believed to be Paddock ranted in the days prior to the attack about the federal government and gun control.
The claims by those people and others could not be verified because the names of witnesses were blacked out.
The release last week of about 2,100 pages of police reports, witness statements and dispatch logs provided more details of the chaos and confusion at the Route 91 Harvest Festival concert. The records also chronicled how officers and hotel security responded.
Some reports described officers racing from casino to casino while debunking reports of multiple shooters and bomb threats. Other officers put themselves in harm's way to protect wounded and fleeing concert-goers.
____
Associated Press journalist Brian Skoloff in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The director for the Springfield-Greene County Health Department will soon retire after 13 years at the position.
Kevin Gipson announced Friday he'll step down on Nov. 9. He's been with the department for a total of 24 years and their public health career spans more than 35.
“It has truly been a joy to serve the citizens of Springfield and Greene County for the past 24 years and to lead such a great organization the last 13 of those years,” Gipson said in a statement. “I am leaving a department with a wealth of talent and opportunity. As I continue my career, I look to contribute as much as possible to the health and prosperity of this region.”
They started at the Springfield-Greene County Health Department in 1993 as epidemiology services coordinator. Through the years, Gipson also served as community health planner, administrator of health planning and epidemiology, and assistant director of Public Health and Welfare.
Gipson credits the entire department and partners for the start and continued growth of Jordan Valley Community Health Center. The Federally Qualified Health Center serves patients who otherwise might not be able to afford medical care. According to a news release, Gipson served as part of the committee that applied for the grant to start the health center, and is currently an active member of the board.
City Manager Greg Burris said, “After 24 years at the City of Springfield, Kevin has earned a reputation as a straight shooter and the voice of reason. Their roles both within the Springfield-Greene County Health Department, state-wide, and nationally speak to their level of expertise in their field and the high regard in which their peers hold him. Kevin's legacy will be the team he's created within their department – a team loaded with talent, creativity and possibilities.”
In a news release, the department says an announcement about their successor will come in the weeks following Gipson's departure.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (WISH) — Purdue University students have been working to create a utility vehicle for African farmers.
The project started back in 2008 when students recognized a need.
Over the years, it changed from a student project to a small startup business known as Mobile Agriculture Power Solutions, or MAPS for short. This has allowed students to take the knowledge they gained from the classroom and apply it to a real world situation.
Students created an ag-rover, which is a multi-purpose vehicle to help farmers in Africa.
“This vehicle is actually pretty dynamic. What we've done with it is we have a product that's able to move product, move farm product to where it needs to go,” said Bunmi Babajide, the business development manager of MAPS .
Throughout this process students have been able to put classroom knowledge to work.
“It's been surreal for me,” Babajide said. “It's really putting a lot of the things I've learned in the past… It's putting things I've learned in the classroom to good use.”
The last few years have been a process of trial and error for the students.
“The students really get a great experience,” explained John Lumkes, an associate professor at the School of Agriculture and Biological Engineering. “They're working on a real project with real partners with real needs on the ground, and saying, ‘Can you do this? Can we work together and get this done?' We go there and we build it and test it so we spend about three weeks each year in the countries.”
Within the next week, students will deliver the first vehicle to a customer in Nigeria. They hope to scale up their business in that market in the near future. An online campaign has been created to help the students with funding.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Visitation with the Reed family will be held Tuesday from 1-8 p.m. and Wednesday after 10 a.m. until the service time at 1 p.m. at the Gordonsville Chapel of Bass Funeral Homes.
Mrs. Mildred Bennett Reed, age 82, of Lebanon and a native of Smith County, passed away Sunday, May 27, 2018.
Mrs. Reed was born May 31, 1935 in Buffalo Valley, a daughter of the late Roy Wesley Bennett and Mary Eva Bush. Mildred married James Willard Reed on March 13, 1951, and they preceded them in death Jan. 27, 2014.
They were also preceded in death by their son, Michael Lynn Reed on June 16, 1985; brother, Lee Roy Bennett; and sister, Ruby Smith Coon.
Mrs. Mildred loved working in their flower garden and in their yard.
Mrs. Reed is survived by their four children, Larry (Sharon) Reed, of Greenbrier, Gary (Pam) Reed, of Smyrna, Debra (Bob) Williams, of Murfreesboro, Teresa (Roger) Gains, of Lebanon; 10 grandchildren; 16 great-grandchildren; one great-great-grandchild; and sister-in-law, Hilda Nabors Bennett, of Gordonsville.
The Gordonsville Chapel of Bass Funeral Home is in charge of arrangements.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to the H1-B visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where they plan to sign an order dubbed “Buy American, Hire American,” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on, would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During their campaign, Trump said at some points they supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, they called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California, San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, said, “It's better than nothing.” But they added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state they barely won in November. The visit also would take them to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote their agenda less than their recent predecessors. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making them the first Republican to win the state since 1984. They campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
Image Point Fr/Shutterstock
A diagnosis of type 1 diabetes means a lifetime of constant diligence. Unlike type 2 diabetes, type 1 is the kind patients are born with. They have to check blood sugar several times a day and take insulin as needed; the process is difficult, expensive, and potentially dangerous. That helps explain the excitement about a potential cure for type 1 diabetes using an already approved treatment.
Doctors diagnose more than 18,000 children and teens with type 1 diabetes every year, according to the CDC. These kids lack the ability to make enough insulin, the hormone that processes blood sugar. Using insulin injections to control blood sugar with insulin is tricky because diet, exercise, and stress can quickly alter levels. Without enough insulin, kidney, heart, and nerve damage can be the result. Get too much, and blood sugar levels will plummet dangerously low. (This is the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes.)
Researchers in Israel have tried treating type 1 diabetics with an immune system protein called alpha-1 antitrypsin (alpha-1)—it helps target germs. Normally, insulin gets lower and lower over time in diabetics, but extra alpha-1 seems to help the body produce more. Researchers gave 12 recently diagnosed type 1 diabetics an alpha-1 drip once a week for eight weeks in a study in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism. For a year and counting following treatment, two of the participants have been making more of their own insulin. Another three saw only minor decreases—which is a good sign. “Compared to the natural course of the disease, which is downhill, even a flat line is considered success,” says study co-author Eli C. Lewis, PhD, biochemical and pharmacology professor at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev.
Another small study in the journal Pediatric Diabetes found that 18 alpha-1 treatments could decrease participants' hemoglobin A1c, a measure of blood sugar over time and a target for insulin treatment. On average, their levels dropped from 8.43 percent to 7.09 percent. The target for hemoglobin A 1 c set by American Diabetes Association encourages is 7 percent or less.
The good news, says Dr. Lewis, is that alpha-1 infusions are already FDA-approved for treating a rare lung disease. Because the protein already occurs naturally in the body, it should be fine to use it for different conditions, they point out. “This is the safest approach today in any clinical trial.” In fact, research suggests it may be easier on the body than insulin injections. Some study volunteers had mild headaches, stomachaches, or coughs, but the side effects didn't last long.
Diabetics often go through a “honeymoon” phase soon after diagnosis, when their symptoms get better but then go downhill again. But Dr. Lewis says their research isn't just piggybacking off that natural improvement. “The oldest we've been following is almost ten years ago now,” they say. “This kid got eight infusions—eight weeks of infusions—and he's still, ten years later, in the honeymoon.” The key is to start the treatment within 100 days of diagnosis, when the disease is still in its early phase, they say.
A few of Lewis's study participants had been able to go off insulin altogether. One child had a blood sugar spike, but Dr. Lewis was actually happy. Turns out, the kid had eaten a slice of chocolate cake at a party. “This is what I wanted—kids to be active and eating cakes, not forced into a disease which is a box,” Dr. Lewis says. “He's out of the woods. It's two and a half years later, and he's eating normally.”
ABCNews.com(SALISBURY, England) — Salisbury is a quiet, historic English provincial city. In fact, the Salisbury Cathedral is about 800 years old and boasts the tallest spire in England. Additionally, the wonderous prehistoric ring of massive stones at nearby Stonehenge make Salisbury a big tourist destination.
However, two weeks ago the ex-spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent in the center of town and now lie critically ill in the hospital. Now, Salisbury has become the focus of the world's attention.
“The world's media descended on Salisbury and it took awhile to get used to that,” local radio presenter Martin Starke told ABC News.
”People rely on us for trusted news,” Martin, the host of a breakfast show on local radio station SpireFM, said. ”We report the things that the people of Salisbury need to know, we've not been sensationalist at all, our job is not to scare people.”
So are the people of Salisbury scared? Martin said that contrary to some national newspaper reports, Salisbury is not a city living in fear. People are being very British about things, they added and trying to carry on normally.
“Salisbury is very much open for business,” they said.
But there have been inconveniences, as the area around the city center is cordoned off and what was a 30-second walk in the area has now become a five-minute walk via numerous detours.
Businesses behind the cordons have suffered, too. Recently, it was Mother's Day, a busy time for the card shop and flower sellers. Both businesses in the city center were on the wrong side of the cordon, according to Martin, and the card shop was forced to close with the flower seller forced to move their stall where no one could find him.
After the attack, groups of people in hazmat suits suddenly became a common sight in Salisbury, according to Martin. To which, Martin said, people's reaction to this occurrence hasn't been completely one of fear, but more one of curiosity. While the rest of the world sees people in hazmat suits, the locals recognize their friends and neighbours zipped into the protective shells.
Everything becomes very personal for the people of Salisbury, including Nick Bailey, a first responder police officer who's recovering in the hospital after coming into contact with the nerve agent.
Sooner or later Salisbury will return to being the “quintessentially English city” as Martin described it. They said they believe there will be no negative effect on the tourism which the city needs to survive. If anything, it will put Salisbury on the map a bit more they suggested before adding, once again the city will be “the best place to get a cream tea.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
People from all across Canada have been sharing the post and writing in the comments where they are. People from Victoria to Ottawa to Nova Scotia have checked in on the hunt for the monkey's home.
"His sweet face seems to have sparked the interest of so many people," they told BuzzFeed Canada, in a statement, "and the post has been shared by so many more folks than I ever expected."
Laguna Beach PD(ORANGE COUNTY, Calif.) — A Tesla driver in California was driving in Autopilot mode when the car slammed into a parked police car, adding to a fast-growing list of recent autopilot-involved accidents.
The Laguna Beach Police Department in Orange County, California, tweeted images from the scene on Tuesday, showing one of its SUVs smashed and missing a rear wheel after a Tesla sedan rammed it off the roadway.
Police have not released many details on the crash, but did say the Tesla driver sustained minor injuries and that the patrol car was parked and unoccupied at the time.
Investigators said Autopilot was engaged at time but are still working to determine the exact cause of the accident.
A Tesla spokesperson issued a statement afterward, reiterating previous warnings about the limitations of the company's semi-autonomous features.
“When using Autopilot, drivers are continuously reminded of their responsibility to keep their hands on the wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times,” the spokesperson said Tuesday.
“Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents,” the spokesperson added, “and before a driver can use Autopilot, they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings.'”
The Laguna Beach crash is the latest in a string of similar accidents.
A 28-year-old Utah woman was driving in Autopilot earlier this month when they slammed their Tesla Model S into the back of a stopped fire truck while cruising at about 60 mph, police said. The drivers escaped with minor injuries, but the Tesla was barely recognizable.
That crash came just two months after a Bay Area man died when their Tesla Model X slammed into a concrete barrier, according to ABC California station KABC. The victim, a father of two and an engineer at Apple, was driving in Autopilot at the time, authorities said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Dreamstime
“Billboard's” list of the 10 “Most Memed” songs of the 1980s features…
Billboard.com has a list of ‘The 10 Most-Memed Songs of the 1980s'. By “memed”, they just mean songs that have been brought back and are a part of culture again, for one reason or another.
1. “Africa”, Toto.
2. “Never Gonna Give You Up”, Rick Astley.
3. “Careless Whisper”, George Michael.
4. “In the Air Tonight”, Phil Collins.
5. “Total Eclipse of the Heart”, Bonnie Tyler.
6. “Don't Stop Believin'”, Journey.
7. “Just a Friend”, Biz Markie.
8. “99 Luftballons”, Nena.
9. “The Final Countdown”, Europe.
10. “The Safety Dance”, Men Without Hats.
Click Here to see more.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: When I was a child, almost every gift I got was didactic. Despite the fact that I preferred flying kites to doll play, books to cosmetics or hiking boots to slippers, I was the unhappy recipient of dolls, kiddie makeup, and scratchy dressy clothes that were entirely inappropriate for the activities that I enjoyed most.
The message I got was,
“This is what young ladies should like, or should be like,” or “This will help you get better grades, make better friends or find better opportunities.”
Most of the time, the subtext was also obvious: “This will give ME (the giver) something to boast about.”
Mom made me write thank-you notes, and I felt like a liar for expressing gratitude I did not feel. It was even more difficult when it was pretty obvious that the giver's spirit extended only to the degree that the cost or fashionability of the gift reflected well on them or them
Related Articles Miss Manners: What is the purpose of writing thank-you notes?
Miss Manners: Should I point out my spouse's lapse in etiquette?
Miss Manners: How can I not alienate these fans who hit on me?
Miss Manners: My sumptuous table is not set for guests
Miss Manners: How can I offer parenting tips to strangers so they'll be receptive? I came to hate gift-receiving events such as Christmas or birthdays. I still have a great deal of difficulty receiving gifts, especially surprises.
My husband, bless their heart, always asks if I want something when they are considering a gift.
When giving gifts to others, I generally prefer to give money, which I know will go to something the receiver really wants, whether it is frivolous or necessities, or gets put into a savings account for a big purchase. Verbal thanks or email are fine with me.
I'm not asking for permission. I do this in full knowledge that the better half of society frowns on such gift-giving, but I do want to point out that the old-fashioned way does not always work. Money can be empowering, not just mercenary.
A gift can so easily become a weapon with which to bludgeon a child's sense of self. In an ideal world, of course, all gifts would be given with the recipient's happiness as the main goal, but long, bitter experience has shown me that that is far from the case.
GENTLE READER: You make a powerful argument for abolishing the ancient custom of exchanging presents. If we are replacing it with the exchange of shopping lists, or the duty to pay others to get through the milestones of life, there doesn't seem to be any point.
The point should be thoughtfulness, and Miss Manners acknowledges that it is in short supply. They doubt that the givers of those clumsy presents intended to propagandize you or to glorify themselves. They merely reached for the standard choice of little girl items, without giving any thought to your particular tastes.
Your mother was right that even the minimal thought of sending you anything needed to be acknowledged. But otherwise, Miss Manners can hardly blame you for opting out of a system that doesn't work. There is no reason to continue such thoughtless payments.
Still, Miss Manners dearly hopes that those who are willing to put in the effort necessary to please others will continue with the ancient and charming custom of exchanging presents.
Miss Manners is the pseudonym of Judith Martin. Contact them at dearmissmanners@gmail.com.
The data comes as Australia's leading dental academics attempt to improve the oral health of the population by 2025 through the Australia's Health Tracker series, seeking to find links between oral health and general overall health.
“In 2015-16, there were 67,266 potentially preventable hospitalisations for oral health problems and almost one-third of these were children under the age of nine years. Worryingly, there's a growing number of children in this age group who are being admitted to hospital for dental health reasons," said professor Rosemary Calder, the director of the AHPC.
Doctor Hugo Sachs, the federal president of the ADA, said the evidence showed one-third of Australia's five to six-year-olds have had decay in their baby teeth.
"This is an unacceptably high rate and puts these children at risk of poor oral health in their development and adult years," they said.
Healthcare professionals are working towards a target of a 10% reduction in the proportion of children needing hospital care because of their dental health. So... uh.... brush ya teeth. And brush ya kid's teeth, too.
Is the HR+ much of a looker? Nah, not really. It's a big lump of coloured plastic, covered on the top side by an almost tyre-like rubber texture.
Does that sound like your cup of tea? Then all power to you, but for most it's fairly bland. That shoe-sole-esque coating picks up dirt like no one's business too, so you'll have to give it a good scrub every week or so.
It's also a bit on the bulky side for a fitness tracker - possibly on account of the added GPS smarts.
The thick and wide unit spans your whole wrist, regularly getting caught coats and giving you one massive cuff whenever you wear anything with sleeves. Unless your wardrobe consistst exclusively of baggy hoodies.
The strap's not all that comfy either. To make sure the tracker doesn't slide (and to ensure it gets a proper heart rate reading) you need to wear it pretty tight, making the clasp and the heart rate sensor (which sticks out a bit) dig into the wrist.
It's not so bad at first but, get moving and the friction could leave some chaffing. Not what you want from something designed to get you active.
The display is alright, though. It's a nice, simple little monochrome affair. There's enough detail to give you a clear readout of whatever you want, without having to cram things in, but just like with other small-screened trackers, you'll have to do a bit of swiping to take in everything you need.
Thankfully, it's not all touch-controlled, or the feature-packed Garmin would have you scrolling for days.
There's a little button just below the screen that swaps from the standard activity tracking mode into workout mode, as well as letting you access your settings.
By Ernie Palladino
» More Ernie Palladino Columns
Heading into the All-Star break, Aaron Judge was hitting .329 with 30 homers, 66 RBIs, and a 1.139 OPS. Rookie franchise records were falling like autumn leaves, and Judge's cheering section in the bleachers was wild with excitement.
Since the break, things haven't looked so great. Paul Bunyan has turned into Inspector Clouseau, stumbling around and looking for a clue. The line reads .161 with five homers, a double, and 12 RBIs. Most telling, they had 43 strikeouts in 27 games after fanning only 109 times in the first 84.
Joe Girardi can't seem to find an answer to the kid's prayers. Judge certainly can't.
But everyone else seems to have an opinion, and many of them center around the infamous Home Run Derby.
Sure, that's what did them in; the competition that draws TV watchers by the droves as they view their favorite power hitters drill one batting practice ball after another over the fence.
That All-Star Game prelude has already been blamed for several stars' second-half declines. Stars that have a heck of a lot more major league experience than Judge. But the blame for the 25-year-old rookie's reversal to their 2016 strikeout form, in many minds, at least, goes to the Home Run Derby.
It's a lot of hooey.
The Home Run Derby, while strictly a gimmick inspired by the 1960 offseason show of the same name — minus the The — to revive interest in a fast-fading tradition, is no more to blame for Judge's current issues than a bad case of beriberi.
Of course, it didn't help that the derby had become a source of concern before it even took place. Judge themselves didn't make their intentions to participate known until almost the last minute. Then they went and won the darned thing, totaling 47 homers that traveled a cumulative 3.9 miles. Four of those traveled 500 feet or more.
But think about this. Could it be that Judge has simply settled down to earth?
For one thing, after last season's brief appearance in which they struck out 42 times in 84 at-bats, no right-thinking person would have expected Judge to hit .347 for the season. So their decline to their current .289 since they hit that mark on June 12, though precipitous, had to be expected.
Whether the Home Run Derby helped push them over the cliff is debatable. More likely, the pressures of second-half baseball, especially for a team that remains in the thick of a division race, have taken their toll on him.
The strikeouts are indicative of that. Once selective, Judge now flails at pitches issued by men who have gone to school on them for a whole half a season. One of the keys to their lofty first-half BA was their 61 walks. Their 24 post-break walks going into Sunday night's finale against Boston put them on a similar pace, except that the strikeouts have offset them.
 They are clearly pressing, and why shouldn't he? They haven't been through a division race before. By the time they came up on Aug. 13 last year, the Yanks were already well-embedded in fourth place. And that's exactly where they finished.
It's only natural, then, that someone who so dominated a pressure-less first half to become part of the Rookie of the Year and MVP discussions would drop off when the real heat came up in the second half.
It's called being a rookie. They look good. Then they look bad. And most of them don't need the Home Run Derby to push them down the hill.
So let's not blame all this on one night of glorified batting practice in July.
Blame it on being a rookie.
One whose amazing first half created some rather unrealistic expectations for the second half.
Follow Ernie on Twitter at @ErniePalladino
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that they had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from their position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that their group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," they said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that they were assessing their future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' they said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that [contributes] to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
A group of five former SoFi employees is suing the loan startup, alleging that they weren't given breaks or paid in accordance with California law. These employees, all of whom reviewed SoFi loan applications out of its Healdsburg, CA office, filed their class action lawsuit Monday afternoon.
Their complaint is the second lawsuit filed by former SoFi employees in less than a week: On Friday, an employee who claimed to have been fired after reporting sexual harassment to SoFi filed an individual suit against the company.
At the time, Robert Ottinger, the attorney in both cases, told the New York Times that “there appears to be a large groundswell of intense employee dissatisfaction at SoFi."
On Friday, SoFi denied that it has a problem with sexual harassment. Neither Ottinger nor SoFi immediately responded to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News for this story.
There are half a dozen total allegations in the class action lawsuit that was filed Monday. Employees allege that they were denied breaks for meals, breaks for rest, minimum wage and overtime, accurate wage reports, and timely pay after being terminated.
As "Complex Reviewers," the five named plaintiffs in the class action lawsuit were primarily tasked with analyzing incoming loan applications — verifying credit reports, tax returns, income statements, etc. — and auditing the information provided by applicants.
Project info
I once heard someone describe Street Photography as "collecting souls" and this collection of contre-jour images represents just some of the faceless souls that I imagine wandering around us as we go about our daily lives.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Police say two men have been arrested for their role in a violent altercation outside the Turkish ambassador's residence during a visit to Washington by Turkey's president last month.
The Metropolitan Police Department said in a brief statement that Sinan Narin had been arrested in Virginia on an aggravated assault charge.
It said Eyup Yildirim had been arrested in New Jersey on charges of assault with significant bodily injury and aggravated assault.
The department released no further details about the suspects but said additional information would be available Wednesday.
U.S. officials had strongly criticized the Turkish government after President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security forces pushed past police and violently broke up a protest outside the residence on May 16.
Crowds stand up in support of President Trump at the Pensacola Bay Center on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachowski/gpachowski@pnj.com)
Three days after President Donald Trump's campaign-style rally at the Pensacola Bay Center, local and national officials could not provide the exact size of the crowd that watched the president's speech.
The president turned to Twitter on Saturday to call out a Washington Post reporter who questioned the crowd size.
Dave Weigel tweeted photos of a largely empty Bay Center hours before the rally along with "packed to rafters," which the president tweeted after the rally. Weigel later apologized for the tweet
Cyndee Pennington, general manager of the Pensacola Bay Center, said only the White House could release information about the crowd size. A spokesperson with the White House Office of the Press Secretary did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment.
More: For Trump base, support is unwavering
Mike Wood, spokesperson for the Pensacola Police Department, referred crowd size questions to the Bay Center and the fire department. Wood said officers inside the rally said the building appeared to be near capacity.
Buy Photo President Donald Trump addresses the crowd Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, during a rally at the Pensacola Bay Center. (Photo: Tony Giberson/tgiberson@pnj.com)
Pensacola Fire Marshal Annie Bloxson said they could not release the crowd size without permission from the White House. Joseph Casey, a spokesperson for the U.S. Secret Service, referred questions about crowd size to the White House.
Pennington said the Bay Center has 10,000 seats, and its total capacity varies depending on how the stage is arranged. Pensacola News Journal reporters inside the Bay Center on Friday night said the building appeared to be nearly full.
Several hundred people walking to the center were stopped outside when the president's motorcade pulled up, and those people had to wait in a security line and scramble to make it inside before the doors closed.
Attendance at the Pensacola rally became an issue after Trump called out Weigel, the Washington Post reporter, for their tweet, and the dispute surfaced again at the White House press briefing on Monday afternoon.
More: Donald Trump Pensacola rally: President tells supporters, 'You will never be ignored again'
Reporters asked spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders about the president's fondness for attacking some things as fake news while choosing not to attack false news reports allegedly circulated by Russia during the 2016 election.
Buy Photo President Donald Trump addresses the crowd Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, during a rally at the Pensacola Bay Center. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)
Sanders said the president was calling out a false allegation made against him.
"When journalists make mistakes, they should own up to them," they said. "There is a difference between honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people."
Weigel later removed their tweet about attendance at the rally and apologized, but the move did not appease the president.
Trump tweeted "@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology & retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!"
Weigel responded "It was a bad tweet from my personal account, not a story for Washington Post. I deleted it after like 20 minutes. Very fair to call me out."
The president then tweeted "@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that their picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, they knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, they should be fired."
Melissa Nelson Gabriel can be reached at mnelsongab@pnj.com or 850-426-1431.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/three-days-after-trump-rally-accurate-crowd-size-count-remains-unavailable/941973001/
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
They said they expect most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services, and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches, and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns, but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Donald Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, they told the Little Sisters of the Poor that they planned to change the rules. "You're long ordeal will soon be over," they promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesperson said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, they say, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an IUD, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families. They say the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," they say. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
An experienced Cirque du Soleil performer died after plunging onto a stage during an aerial straps routine at a weekend show in Tampa, Florida, the company said Sunday.
The accident occurred Saturday night when Yann Arnaud, 38, fell during a performance of the show "Volta," according to Cirque du Soleil Entertainment Group. The French performance artist died of their injuries at Tampa General Hospital.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cirque du Soleil star plunges to death during performance 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Arnaud had been performing in Cirque shows for 15 years and was considered one of the company's most experienced entertainers, President and Chief Executive Daniel Lamarre told Reuters in a telephone interview.
"We were very surprised, considering their experience, that something like that happened," said Lamarre, speaking from Tampa, where they had flown to be with the show's cast. "I cannot describe to you how the people feel. It's terrible."
The death is the third involving a Cirque performer in the company's 34 years, Lamarre said, adding that the aerial strap act was seen as a relatively safe number.
Yann Arnaud, left, and Goel Ouisse perform at a rehearsal for Cirque du Soleil's "Totem" in New York in March 2013. John Lamparski / WireImage file
Julian Martinez, a spectator who witnessed the accident, told NBC affiliate WFLA: "It was awful. You heard all the cries of the audience. There were children there, and they were freaking out."
Lamarre said they couldn't share details about the incident involving Arnaud, a husband and father of two young children.
"We are offering our full and transparent collaboration to the authorities as they look into the circumstances of this accident," the company said in a statement, adding that the last two shows of Volta planned for Tampa on Sunday had been canceled.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cirque du Soleil performer falls to their death during live performance 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Police said Arnaud was performing on the double rings when one of their hands slipped and they fell about 20 feet. An autopsy was scheduled for Monday.
Tampa police said the incident was under investigation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
Just a few hours before they fell, Arnaud posted a photo to Instagram to announce that the strap duo act would finally appear in the show.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The leader of West Berkshire Council is expected to pull through after they were involved in a car crash which killed their wife.
Councillor Roger Croft, 67, was taken to a French hospital with serious injuries after the collision, but their wife Grizelda, 69, died.
The Thatcham couple were in France visiting their son.
Councillor Graham Jones, who has taken temporary charge of the council, said it looks as though their Conservative colleague is going to recover.
"We believe Roger is stable. He's not in a life-threatening condition," said Cllr Jones.
"He has got lots of friends at the council, both councillors and council officers, who have been saddened and shocked by this. But we have got everything in place to carry on in theirs absence.
"Quite a lot of people have been in contact to ask about Roger and they have been deeply saddened and shocked by what has happened.
"But there are indications that he's coming back and we are looking forward to welcoming them back."
Cllr Jones also paid tribute to the late Grizelda, who was better known as Zelda.
They said: "She was a friend to both me and wife, and they were always very supportive of Roger. She's going to leave a huge hole in their life. They will be missed."
A number of people, including MP Richard Benyon, have taken social media to pay tribute to Grizelda and show their support for Cllr Croft.
Stay up to date with the latest news via the free getreading app. Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here
Jennifer Johnson, Wilson County Schools spokesperson, said McFarlane started working for the district in 2008 as a band teacher between Southside Elementary School and Wilson Central. They said they resigned from Wilson Central in 2015 to take the Tullahoma band director position.
Their originally slated March sentencing date was postponed to allow McFarlane, while free on bond, time to complete a 16-week therapy program that began Jan. 29 and ended May 21.
McFarlane's attorney, assistant federal defender Myrlene R. Marsa, filed the March motion to postpone, Marsa said McFarlane's counseling would provide insight when imposing a sentence “sufficient but not greater than necessary for the case.”
Prosecutor assistant U.S. attorney James Brooks did not object to McFarlane's request to postpone McFarlane's sentencing. However, the prosecutor did object to their attorney's motion for a variance that would allow McFarlane to seek a sentence below the recommended guideline range. McFarlane's attorney asked the court to impose a term of five years, “which would amount to a 60-month downward variance from the low-end of the recommended guideline range.”
Marsa's motion argued McFarlane's treatment for addiction to child pornography during mitigation. The government conceded the point but considered the case aggravated by McFarlane's role as a teacher of children and their failure as an addict to remove themselves from the presence of children before their arrest.
The charge against McFarlane carried a minimum sentence of five years and a maximum of 20, along with a fine of up to $250,000 and a mandatory term of five years of supervised release.
Despite the government's objection, U.S. District Judge Harry S. Mattice Jr. handed down the five-year sentence and waived the fine.
Following the five years in prison, McFarlane will be subject to another five years of supervised release. The conditions of the release include continued mental health treatment, participation in a drug or alcohol abuse testing and treatment program, participation in DNA collection and compliance with sex offender laws. Additionally, McFarlane will be prohibited from owning a firearm.
McFarlane was indicted Aug. 22, 2017, by a federal grand jury on one count of transportation of child pornography and one count of possession of child pornography. Following an FBI and Tullahoma police search of McFarlane's Tullahoma home, the indictments were handed down May 11, 2017.
McFarlane struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, and they entered a guilty plea Dec. 14 to one count of transportation of child pornography before U.S. Magistrate Judge Christopher H. Steger in federal court in Chattanooga. By agreeing to the deal, the possession of child pornography charge was dropped, and McFarlane avoided trial.
In addition to federal charges, McFarlane also faced misdemeanor drug charges from Tullahoma police after marijuana was found during the search of their home.
Local police charged them with manufacture, sale and delivery of a schedule VI drug and unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia. They entered a guilty plea to those charges in Coffee County general sessions court and was given a suspended sentence of 11 months, 29 days and a $250 fine, court costs and Coffee County probation.
McFarlane, a 2004 Tullahoma High School graduate, was hired as the co-director of the band program in 2015. McFarlane resigned from their position at the high school a day after their arrest on drug charges.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Planned Parenthood's federal funding is once again in jeopardy.
On Thursday lawmakers will respond to President Trump's threat to strip the clinic of that funding because of a new report that claims employees didn't report suspected sexual abuse of minors to police.
The group Live Action used court records and interviews to detail instances where a minor went to Planned Parenthood for an abortion and told employees they had either been raped, abused by a relative, or was a victim of sex trafficking – and nothing was done. Because of that, President Trump is threatening to institute a new gag rule.
Planned Parenthood argued against these claims, saying the group uses out of context and heavily edited video to show wrongdoing.
If the gag order goes into effect, it would prohibit health care providers from telling patients where to go for reproductive services or an abortion. It would also stop taxpayer dollars from going to facilities that either perform abortions or refer patients to abortion facilities.
The clinics receive around $60 million a year in federal funding.
Planned Parenthood says four million women across the nation need that money to get the health care and reproductive services they need. Without it, low-income women wouldn't be able to go to there anymore.
Planned Parenthood officials are calling this gag rule an attack on women's basic rights as a some fear it will lead to unsafe abortions and cause women to die from pregnancy-related complications.
But here's the catch: because Planned Parenthood receives federal funds, it is required to report suspected child abuse to police. And with the new report claiming that in several instances Planned Parenthood did not report suspected abuse, the clinic might lose this money as punishment.
We already know divorce can be bad for your check book and your emotional health. It turns out, it can be bad for your physical health, too.
A new study published in the Annals of Behavioral Medicine, an academic journal, suggests people who divorce has a greater likelihood of smoking and lower amounts of physical activity.
Researchers at the University of Arizona studied more than 5,700 people, using the English Longitudinal Study of Aging, a long-term health study of adults over 50 in the U.K. There are seven sets of data in the study, collected every two years, beginning in 2002. Some 900 of the study participants were divorced or separated and had not remarried. The rest were married.
They reported their life satisfaction, their exercise frequency, smoking status and measurements of their lung function and levels of inflammation. Those who were divorced or separated had a 46% greater risk of dying during the study than their counterparts who were still married. (The researchers controlled for factors like gender, health, age and socioeconomic status.)
Why the deterioration in divorcees' health? Divorced or separated participants, especially women, were less satisfied with life than their married counterparts in the study, the researchers found. That creates an unhealthy and potentially fatal spiral: Lower satisfaction with life was also linked to lower levels of physical activity and lower levels of physical activity is linked to greater risk for an early death.
That said, not all marriages are the same, and it's important to distinguish between healthy, happy ones and toxic ones, that might be impacting one or both partners' health negatively, said Jennifer Behnke, a licensed marriage and family therapist based in Juno Beach, Fla. “In a miserable relationship, you're sitting on the couch, watching TV, feeling that toxicity of resentment and not getting your needs met,” they said.
But this isn't the first study that has shown a link between divorce and a negative impact on health. A 2009 study from researchers at the University of Chicago and Johns Hopkins University found that divorced or widowed people have 20% more chronic health conditions, such as heart disease, diabetes or cancer, than married people.
Divorced or widowed people also have 23% more mobility limitations than married people, such as trouble climbing stairs or walking one block. People who never married have about the same number of chronic health conditions as married people. But they do report 13% more depressive symptoms and 12% more mobility limitations than people who are married.
Healthier partners might actually help their spouse stay healthier, too, Bourassa said. “If you imagine a husband or wife who doesn't smoke and their partner does, one might try to influence the other's behavior. In many ways, when relationships end, we lose that important social control of our health behaviors.”
Still, divorce doesn't have to lead to poor health outcomes, the researchers of the latest study said. Quality of life can actually improve for people who have ended relationships that are unhealthy for them. In fact, right after a divorce, individuals will often hit the gym even more, as they re-enter the dating world, Behnke said.
“It's called a ‘revenge body' for a reason.”
But smoking and exercise could be important factors to watch in divorcees, Bourassa said. “If we know someone who is divorced, maybe we should ask, ‘Are you smoking? Are you getting enough physical activity?'” they said.
The Federal Reserve said Friday that Daniel Tarullo, the central bank's top financial regulator, has submitted their resignation, effective April 5, creating an opportunity for President Donald Trump to reshape the Fed.
"Dan led the Fed's work to craft a new framework for ensuring the safety and soundness of our financial system following the financial crisis and made invaluable contributions across the entire range of the Fed's responsibilities," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in a release. "My colleagues and I will truly miss their deep expertise, impeccable judgment, wise insight, and strategic counsel."
Tarullo, 64, has been a member of the Fed's board of governors since 2009.
They served as chairperson of the board's Committee on Supervision and Regulation and was chairperson of the Financial Stability Board's Standing Committee on Supervisory and Regulatory Cooperation.
Reserve System member Daniel Tarullo testifies on Capitol Hill in 2012. Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP, file
Tarullo is a voting member of the central bank's policymaking panel.
Their resignation came after Trump took action to start easing regulations on the financial industry.
Trump, who won the White House on a populist platform filled with jabs at Wall Street titans, said previously they would cut "a lot" of the changes brought about by the Dodd-Frank Act.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer has said the rules hold back economic growth. They said Dodd-Frank is "frankly not doing what it's supposed to do."
Related: Trump's executive order directs Treasury to submit a report on possible financial regulation changes within 120 days
Tarullo said in a meeting last year that banking regulators must defend tough rules governing Wall Street and resist efforts to dilute regulations that might prevent a future financial crisis.
"It is critical that we not forget our still quite recent history," Tarullo told a meeting of financial market researchers in Washington, referring to the 2008 housing bust that pushed global financial markets to near collapse.
This article first appeared on CNBC.
Christmas is right around the corner, and it is time to get your shopping done before the most popular toys and games sell out! Waiting until the last minute just won't cut it when it comes to the hottest toys. Everyone wants them, so the stores start selling out quickly. Remember Tickle Me Elmo and the fiasco that toy created around Christmas time? If you have girls at home, they will definitely love the toys on the list below. We have taken the advice of professionals and kids alike in order to choose the hottest gifts for girls this Christmas. There are new toys and classic toys, girly toys and STEM toys, and options for teens, toddlers and everyone in between.
Click here to see our Hottest Toys For Boys gift guide, or if you want to see even more thoughtfully curated guides for everyone on your list, click here for more great ideas.
1. Barbie Dreamhouse
Any girl who likes to play with Barbie will absolutely adore this Barbie Dreamhouse for Christmas. The Dreamhouse has three floors, seven rooms, over 70 fun accessories, a working elevator and more. The furniture features “Smart” ports for the accessories to snap in to, and then they light up or have sound and motion. For example, the aquarium has swimming fish and bubble sounds. The rooms are classic with modern design, and include the entryway, kitchen, dining room, bathroom, pet room, living room, bedroom and walk-in closet. The Barbie Dreamhouse is a great imaginative toy to let them discover a whole world of new possibilities.=
Price: $197.07
2. Hatchimals – CollEGGtibles 4-Pack + Bonus
Hatchimals are definitely one of the hottest toys for kids this year. These adorable creatures hatch out of an egg and with over 70 Hatchimals available, it is so fun to try and collect them all. There are common, rare, and limited edition Hatchimals to discover and trade with friends. Kids simply hold the egg in their hand, rub the heart, and wait for it to turn from purple to pink. One it changes colors, gently press to crack the egg and discover the adorable animal inside. Eat=ch Hatchimal belongs to a family such as Giggle Grove, Lilac Lake, or Polar Paradise. These toys are meant for ages 5 and up. Any girl will love Hatchimals for Christmas!
Price: $9.99
3. Hatchimals Nursery Playset
Here is a super cute playset to go along with their collectible Hatchimals animals. This Hatchimals Nursery features 35 places to play and display their animals and have them feel safe at home in their whimsical nursery. This set even comes with an exclusive Hatchimal CollEGGtible. Place it inside of the Hatching Tree and it will pop out the top with a cracked shell, ready to hatch! It also features spinning cribs, swings, slides, a shower and more! Any girl who loves Hatchimals will really enjoy having this nursery to play with and share with their friends. For ages five and up.
Price: $29.99 (53 percent off MSRP)
4. Fingerlings Baby Monkey – Zoe – Turquoise (Includes Bonus Stand)
Here is another of the most popular toys for girls this year – Fingerlings! Fingerlings are adorable baby monkeys that grab on to things, especially fingers! They respond to sound, motion and touch with their blinking eyes, turning heads and silly monkey talk. Fingerlings can play or sleep and love to hang upside down by their tails too. Blow them kisses and they even kiss back! Girls are crazy about these cute little monkeys, and they will love to get them for Christmas.
Price: $39.90
5. LEGO Boost Creative Toolbox 17101 Building and Coding Kit
LEGO is one of the best toys for both girls and boys ages seven and up. LEGO allows them to let their creativity run wild and build anything they want out of the colorful little blocks. This LEGO set is extra special, with robotics included along with the regular building blocks. You can build any one of five multi functional robots and control them using a tablet and easy to use coding blocks. The robots include Vernie, Frankie the cat, M.T.R.4. and Guitar4000. This set includes a LEGO Move Hub with Bluetooth, interactive motor and color and distance sensor. This set is compatible with all other LEGO sets for even more creative building opportunities. This set includes 847 pieces.
Price: $199.95
6. Creativity for Kids Grow ‘n Glow Terrarium
For a girl who loves the natural world, an indoor terrarium is a very special gift. This kit gives them the control to craft, plant, water and grow their own terrarium garden. It includes a jar, decorative lid, potting soil, chia and wheat grass seeds, garden figurines, decorative sand, smooth river stones and a plant mister. This fun kit gives girls the chance to learn about botany and create their own ecosystem. It even has glow in the dark stickers that light up the terrarium at night. This kit is recommended for kids ages six and up.
Price: $11.29
7. Zoomer – Show Pony with Lights, Sounds and Interactive Movement
Zoomer is going to be their new best friend as soon as they get them out of the box! Zoomer sings, dances, and moves just like a real pony. They love snacking on sugar cubes and has a special sugar dance when they are rewarded with a yummy sugar cube. This fun robotic toy is recommended for girls ages five and up, and it reuquires four AA batteries. They come with a lot of accessories such as an apple, carrot, hairbrush and sugar cube.
Price: $69.82
8. Little Tikes Fairy Cozy Coupe
This Fairy themed car from Little Tikes is an adorable, girly take on the original red and yellow model. It has a fun fairy design including sparkles and even a crown, and other features such as a parent push handle and a removable floorboard. The horn really beeps and the ignition switch twists and clicks. The gas cap even opens and closes. The tires are durable and rugged and this car can hold up to 50 lbs.
Price: $59.99
9. Melissa & Doug Deluxe Standing Easel
All kids have a well of creativity within them that needs to be set free. This easel from Melissa & Doug will give kids a great opportunity to express themselves with a chalkboard on one side and a dry-erase board and locking paper-roll holder on the other side. There is even a child safe paper cutter to save their works of art neatly and easily. Two large plastic trays hold chalk, paint, markers or whatever else they are using to draw with, and they can be removed for easy cleaning.
Price: $51.99 (35 percent off MSRP)
10. Dance Code featuring Disney Princess Belle
Dance Code toys are so much fun for girls who love Disney princesses but also love computers and technology. Tis exclusive Belle figure allows girls to create their own choreography that they dance to, using the matching app on any tablet. There are 10 dances to mix and match into a routine, as well as over 100 voice phrases and seven songs to dance to. It just takes a touch of their necklace to get the dancing started.
Price: $99.99
11. Educational Insights Design & Drill Activity Center
Many girls love power tools ad much ad their brothers, and any girl who likes to take things apart and learn how they work will enjoy this design & drill activity center. This toy features kid sized chunky bolts, a sturdy activity board, a reversible drill, a screwdriver, two drill bits, a combination wrench and easy to use activity cards. There are 120 bolts that can be arranged on the board however they please. This is an award winning toy that supports STEM learning and hand eye coordination as well as physical dexterity. It requires three AA batteries.
Price: $30.99 (23 percent off MSRP)
12. Wonder Workshop Dash Robot
Dash is a real life robot designed for kids ages six and up. This robot is responsive and interactive, and can be brought to life using apps on your smartphone or tablet. Dash comes with hundreds of coding projects and adventures and can dance, move, light up, make noise, avoid obstacles and react to your kids' voices. Each program includes its own instructions on how to program the robot right at the start,making this an easy and fun game for kids of all ages. This award winning toy comes fully assembled with no batteries required.
Price: $134.99 (10 percent off MSRP)
13. Easy Playhouse Castle
A lot of the time when you get your kids a large and expensive toy, they will want to play with the box even more than the toy itself! Instead of getting frustrated, use this to your advantage and get them a cardboard castle that they will love. Simple cardboard structures unlock kids creativity in a way that fancy toys cannot compete with. This extra large castle measures 32″ x 32″ x 43.5″ and features two doors, four large windows, four turrets and eight small windows. It is sure to become their new favorite hang out spot.
Price: $29.49 (34 percent off MSRP)
14. Cozmo Robot
Cozmo is a real life robot like what you have only seen in movies. They have a real personality that evolves and changes as they hang out with their favorite humans. Girls will love challenging Cozmo to games or using Explorer Mode to see the world from their perspective. This robot comes with Code Lab, a great new platform for young coders to unlock their imaginations.  They are tough and durable, and super secure.
Price: $179.99
15. DoughLab STEM Kit: Bake and Learn
This STEM kit from DoughLab is the perfect activity for any girl who loves to help out in the kitchen, has an interest in science, or both! This kit lets you create different recipes using yeast, water and flour. The end results are different but always delicious. This kit includes all of the materials needed for five experiments, including 1 lb of flour, 7G of yeast, 3 baking tins, 3 mixing containers, inflatable gloves, mixing sticks, measuring spoons, sugar and salt.
Price: $24.99
16. Crayola Inspiration Art Case
Here is a gift that any budding artist will absolutely love. The Crayola Inspiration Art Case includes 64 craons, 20 colored pencils, 40 markers, 15 sheets of paper and a durable storage case to carry it all around in. This is a great beginner set or travel set for young artists and will allow them to unlock their creativity in new and fun ways.
Price: $24.99
17. NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC PRO Series Metal Detector
If your daughter is always on the hunt for buried treasure, or loves to collect things like stones, seashells and other beautiful objects, they will love this real life metal detector from National Geographic. This is a real, working metal detector that is suitable for kids and adults. It is lightweight and easy to use, weighing only two lbs and measuring 22 inches long. It includes three detection modes, four sensitivity levels and a pinpoint location feature to help distinguish trash from treasure at up to 12 inches deep. It even comes with a two year warranty, and it is ready to use right out of the box.
Price: $159.99
18. Disney Moana Girls Adventure Outfit
This realistic Moana costume will allow girls to relive the adventure of their favorite Disney movie in their very own home. This two-piece outfit includes unique prints straight from the movie and a detailed skirt to match, with two layers and authentic fringe details. It is recommended for ages three and up and comes in childrens Small size.
Price: $16.59 (51 percent off MSRP)
19. My Little Pony: The Movie My Magical Princess Twilight Sparkle
My Little Pony is just as much of a desirable toy now as when we were kids – The difference is that now the ponies are interactive! This Twilight Sparkle pony responds to sound and to touch and can say over 90 phrases. They sing, tells stories and even talks about their magic spells. Them horn lights up and flashes as well. This magical toy will be a favorite under the Christmas tree! They require four C batteries.
Price: $90.81 (30 percent off MSRP)
20. Disney Princess Dress Up Trunk
For Disney fans, this dress up trunk is the ultimate treat. Little girls absolutely love to dress up as their favorite Disney princess, alone and with their friends. This trunk includes 21 pieces – Four shirts, three skirts, two headbands, one tiara, one choker, three bracelets, one pair of earrings, one necklace, three rings and a storage trunk.
Price: $29.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
They give life, they provide and nurtures – Mother, Mother Earth, Mother Nature. As Thais celebrate the annual Mother's Day on August 12, JW Marriott Phuket Resort & Spa pay homage to nature, by giving back.
To that goal, the 5-star Phuket beach hotel, in collaboration with Mai Khao Marine Turtle Foundation and its business partners of “Marine Turtle Declaration for Mai Khao”, has arranged “The Beach Cabbage Planting” hands-on activity at their hotel's beachfront.
General Manager of JW Marriott Phuket, Oriol Montal presided over the opening ceremony and joined their associates and Sirinat National Park officers, to plant no less than 1700 beach cabbage seedlings along Mai Khao beach. Beach cabbage, also known as Sea lettuce is a flowering plant used to prevent coastal erosion, for landscaping as well as a traditional medicine.
Back in March 2015 JW Marriot Phuket, along with 10 other hospitality operators, 3 government sectors and Mai Khao Marine Turtle foundation, signed a declaration on sea turtle nesting site conservation and rehabilitation at Mai Khao Beach and this latest in line of pro-environment beach activates is yet another sign of its commitment to that idea.
“Taking care of the planet is like taking care of our home and community. We all continue to exercise environmental initiative programs, in order to protect and care for Marine Turtle and Mai Khao Community,” said the GM.
Police in Tennessee are searching for a suspect in the shooting death of a Dickson County deputy. Steven Wiggins, 31, has been identified as the person of interest in the deputy's death, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said on Twitter. Anyone with information is asked to call 911. The shooting occurred Wednesday morning. Sergeant Daniel Baker has been identified as the Dickson County deputy killed in the shooting.
Here's what you need to know about Steven Wiggins and the shooting:
1. Wiggins Is Suspected of Assaulting Their Girlfriend & Stealing Them Car During a Tuesday Incident, but It Is Not Clear What Led to the Shooting
Steven Wiggins is suspected of assaulting their girlfriend and then stealing their car during an incident on Tuesday in Kingston Springs, Tennessee, according to WSMV-TV.
Police have not released details about what led to the fatal shooting of the deputy in Dickson County. Wiggins was named as a person of interest in that shooting Wednesday, not long after the shooting.
2. They Are Considered to Be ‘Armed & Dangerous'
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Steven Wiggins should be considered armed and dangerous.
Wiggins was described as a white male who is balding with brown hair.  They are 6'1″ and weighs 220 pounds. Police said they could be on foot.
A massive manhunt has been launched in the area near where the shooting occurred.
3. A ‘Blue Alert' Was Issued, Sending Info About Wiggins to Phones of Tennessee Residents & Wiggins Has Been Added to the State's Top 10 Most Wanted List
We're issuing a Tennessee Blue Alert for Steven Wiggins, the person-of-interest in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy.  They are believed to be armed and dangerous. Spot him? Call 911! pic.twitter.com/Aj8oxy06hd — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Tennessee authorities issued a “Blue Alert,” which sent information about Wiggins to phones of residents in the state, letting them know that they are wanted. It is a relatively new law that allows law enforcement to send out an alert similar to an Amber Alert in connection to police shootings.
“Your cell phone may have just alerted you to a Tennessee Blue Alert,” the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted. “It's similar to an AMBER Alert, but used in cases in which a law enforcement officer has been killed or seriously injured in the line-of-duty.”
We've also added Wiggins to our Top 10 Most Wanted list. There is now a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to their arrest. pic.twitter.com/vnERWldSXQ — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Wiggins has been added to the Tennessee Top 10 Most Wanted list and a $2,500 reward has been issued for information leading to their arrest.
4. Wiggins Has a Criminal History That Includes Domestic Assault, Aggravated Kidnapping & False Imprisonment Arrests
Steven Wiggins has a lengthy record in Tennessee, records show. They were arrested in Williamson County in 2017 on an assault charge. In June 2017, they were charged with especially aggravated kidnapping and false imprisonment, also in Williamson County. In August 2016, Wiggins was arrested in Dickson County and charged with violating their bond. They had been arrested two months earlier in Fairview, Tennessee, on charges of aggravated domestic assault and resisting arrest.
In 2006, they were charged with domestic assault in Dickson County, which was their first arrest.
5. Dickson County Sergeant Daniel Baker Is Survived by Their Wife & Young Daughter
Please keep Deputy Daniel Baker's wife & small child in your prayers. A gunman shot and killed them this morning in Dickson County. pic.twitter.com/SEwA22smj8 — Stacy Case (@StacyCase_) May 30, 2018
Sergeant Daniel Baker has been named as the Dickson County deputy killed in the shooting.  They are survived by their wife and young daughter.
Baker was 32.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
After spending years fighting to keep drones from flying over prisons, South Carolina corrections officials have unveiled plans to use the small unmanned aircraft to keep a remote eye on inmates, an effort they said is the first of its kind in the country.
The year's final major provided plenty of excitement, most of which we were able to track on Instagram. Here's a recap of the best social snapshots and videos from PGA Championship week.
1.
Loading View on Instagram
2.
Loading View on Instagram
3.
Loading View on Instagram
4.
Loading View on Instagram
5.
Loading View on Instagram
6.
Loading View on Instagram
7.
Loading View on Instagram
8.
Loading View on Instagram
9.
Loading View on Instagram
10.
Loading View on Instagram
11.
Loading View on Instagram
12.
Loading View on Instagram
13.
Loading View on Instagram
14.
Loading View on Instagram
15.
Loading View on Instagram
16.
Loading View on Instagram
17.
Loading View on Instagram
18.
Loading View on Instagram
19.
Loading View on Instagram
20.
Loading View on Instagram
21.
Loading View on Instagram
22.
Loading View on Instagram
23.
Loading View on Instagram
24.
Loading View on Instagram
25.
Loading View on Instagram
26.
The Huntsman Cancer Institute as confirmed the death of Jon Huntsman Sr., a Utah billionaire and philanthropist.
No further details were immediately available, according to FOX13 in Salt Lake City.
Hunstman was 80 years. They donated more than 1 billion dollars to charity throughout their life, and funded the institute, which focuses on cancer research.
Huntsman was the only American to ever receive the Armenian Medal of Honor, Fox13 reports.
She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with their two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
Image caption Bomb disposal van at scene in Coventry
Eight homes were evacuated while an army bomb disposal team carried out an investigation in Coventry.
Officers have searched a property in Brookside Avenue where they found possible suspicious items, police said.
A 20-year-old man has been held under the Explosives Act.
The Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) was called to carry out an examination of the items. Police said the evacuations were a precautionary measure.
Controlled explosion
The BBC understands a controlled explosion took place on an area of scrap land nearby.
Image caption A controlled explosion took place
Police said they were keeping an "open mind" in relation to the incident, which started during the morning. The road has been closed.
Plans are at an advanced stage for a week-long mission on October 8 -12, to be held at Dromore High School.
A group of Christians, from different church backgrounds, have come together, from Dromore and the surrounding areas and have been meeting for prayer over
the past nine months.
A spokesperson for the committee of the ‘Second Chance' Mission – Dromore 2018, commented: “We believe that the Lord has called us to pray and step out in faith to plan something that will help reach the people of Dromore and surrounding areas, including the rural and farming community, to see Christ through our actions. We have already seen amazing answers to prayer and believe that God is already moving.
“It is well known that Dromore as an area, was passed by at the time of the 1859 Revival. We do not know why this happened, but we really believe that God wants to give Dromore a second chance. Our heart is to reach out again with the hope of the Gospel of salvation. Most importantly we believe there is a real sense of urgency about the times we are living in! It has been six years since the town has had a ‘joint mission event'. We are very aware that there is already a real commitment to evangelism, amongst the churches and Christian organisations in the locality and we hope to build on this. Our prayer is that God will move in a mighty way amongst us. The harvest is ready! We believe that God is calling us to come together again in unity to declare the Gospel message. Psalm 133 tells us, that where there is unity, God will command the blessing (paraphrased) and so a non-denominational evangelical approach to the mission will be taken. Unity in Christ as a body of believers, with one purpose, is crucial to what we are doing.”
The main week of mission is planned with evening meetings in Dromore High School. On each of the nights there will be a keynote speaker, praise and worship and powerful testimonies. In September there will be engagement events with the local community, including a Farmers Health and Safety event, a free Gospel concert, a family BBQ in the Square, various youth and children's events, plus door-to-door work.
The spokesperson concluded: “In August there will be training provided for those who wish to become involved, in areas such as personal evangelism, leading people to Christ and discipling. Most importantly we need prayerful support, but also practical help with the various activities we have planned. We are encouraging God's people to unite to help bring blessing and revival to Dromore. There will be a prayer and information meeting in the Church of the Nazarene Dromore, on Tuesday 26 th June at 7.30pm, where we will share the vision and preliminary plans for this mission with as many as possible. Anyone who would like to become involved in any way, is warmly welcome to come along. If you can stand with us in prayer, or want to become actively involved, please contact us on our Facebook page:
facebook.com/secondchancedromore or email us on www.secondchancedromore.org “.
A house party in New Jersey spiraled so out of control that it took police officers from 12 different jurisdictions to break it up, local police said in a statement.
Police responded to a noise complaint at a house in Parsippany, NJ around 11:40 p.m. on Saturday and found more than 400 guests at the raucous party.
While officers spoke with resident Adam Gill, 21, and told them the guests needed to leave, several fights began to break out on the back deck of the house, according to the statement.
Officers attempted to break up the fights, but were “encircled by the crowd who then began pushing the officers,” the statement says.
As the situation escalated, cops called for backup. Officers from eleven other jurisdictions, including New Jersey State Police and officers from nearby towns, came to help.
Gill and their roommate James Moran, 22, were issued local ordinance violations and were released pending a court date.
Peter Thiel, the billionaire venture capitalist and Facebook board member who secretly bankrolled lawsuits to undermine Gawker Media, said they might turn the now-defunct news and gossip website Gawker.com into a conservative investigative outlet if they are successful with their bid to buy the domain.
On Wednesday following a speaking engagement with friend and Linkedin founder Reid Hoffman at Stanford University, Thiel met with students at a small reception, where they outlined their view on the current state of the news media. One of the people Thiel met with was a student journalist who peppered the billionaire with questions about Gawker, which declared bankruptcy in 2016 after losing an $140 million invasion of privacy lawsuit to former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan. Thiel had covertly funded that lawsuit, and others against Gawker, to the tune of $10 million.
Ruairí Arrieta-Kenna, a Stanford senior, who spoke with Thiel as part of a group of student organizers of the event, told BuzzFeed News that Thiel said that the previous incarnation of Gawker “did not even earn the right to be called a news outlet” and that it published “glorified pornography and not reporting.” With Gawker.com now up for sale due to bankruptcy proceedings, Arrieta-Kenna also asked Thiel, who bid for the company's assets, what they would do with the site if they were the winning bidder.
“[Thiel] said they might make it into a conservative investigative reporting site,” said Arrieta-Kenna. “He said it might look into stories that the liberal media wasn't looking into and they would hire more conservative reporters.”
A spokesperson for Thiel said that it was "not true" that the billionaire wanted to develop a conservative investigative outlet. They declined to comment on the quotes attributed to Thiel.
Thiel's statements to the students is the first public evidence that they may have plans to do something with the Gawker website if they are successful with their bid. Many critics were worried that the billionaire had simply bid for the site and its remaining assets to eliminate its online archive. Gawker originally drew Thiel's ire when it published a story about them being gay in 2007, and its archives contain several stories about the billionaire and their sexuality.
Earlier this week, the Freedom Of The Press Foundation announced plans to archive online content that was at risk of being specifically taken offline by the rich or powerful. The project's organizer Parker Higgins specifically cited the possibility of Thiel eliminating the Gawker archive as a motivation.
“I was invited to the reception… and I noticed after a few minutes that the other students circling Peter weren't asking them any serious questions,” said Arrieta-Kenna, the editor of Stanford Politics, a campus magazine. “As a student journalist, I jumped in and began to ask them what I thought were tougher questions about their views on the state of media and journalism today, especially considering their relationship with Gawker and their support of some right-leaning publications.”
Arrieta-Kenna was one of a handful of student organizers for the event, dubbed “Cardinal Conversations,” though they said they had little involvement in its planning. Wednesday's event featured a discussion between Thiel and Hoffman, who are both Stanford alumni, and was moderated by political commentator Niall Ferguson.
Following that event, Thiel held court with about four students for about 15 minutes. Two of the other students that spoke with BuzzFeed News asked to be sent questions about the conversation to their emails. Another said they were part of the conversation but did not recall any discussion about Gawker. That student also said that they left for parts of the conversation.
Arrieta-Kenna said they were surprised Thiel was so candid with them in their discussion, in which the PayPal cofounder also talked about their views on the current state of the media. Thiel said that their issue with the current state of the media is that it was too biased, and called The Washington Post, “an arm of the Democratic party,” according to Arrieta-Kenna. The Post, which published an an opinion piece authored by Thiel prior to the 2016 election, is owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who had previously criticized Thiel's support of then presidential candidate Donald Trump. Thiel additionally said they believe the New York Times was biased.
The venture capitalist also brought up Fox News, and said they didn't like that the television outlet was so slanted toward the right. They noted that as much as they dislike CNN, they respected the cable news outlet for proclaiming to be neutral.
“He lamented that journalists today claim there is no such thing as being unbiased so they don't even strive to be unbiased,” said Arrieta-Kenna.
BuzzFeed News previously reported that Thiel is exploring the possibility of developing their own conservative news network and had engaged the Mercer family, the main benefactors of Breitbart News, as a possible source of funding. Thiel's plan for that network would be to provide a rival to Fox News.
It's unclear how owning and operating Gawker would fit in with Thiel's plan for a television network. Currently, the Gawker estate has ended the bidding for the remaining assets and is sorting through those bids to determine a winner. Among the known bidders are conservative provocateur and conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich, who offered $500,000 for the site according to Vanity Fair, and Kevin Lee, the CEO of marketing firm Didit, who declined to disclose how much they bid. Thiel has also not disclosed how much they offered for Gawker.com.
William Holden, Gawker's bankruptcy plan administrator, declined to comment.
Sources close to the process say that the estate also talked to other potential buyers, but it's unclear if those people submitted offers before the deadline. Among those that were interested in buying the asset included HC2, the holding company of hedge fund mogul Philip Falcone; marketing agency d50 Media, and Dustin Curtis, the founder of blogging platform Svbtle.
Representatives at HC2 and d50 Media did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Curtis declined to answer questions via text message but told BuzzFeed News: “Looks like you have the information already :).”
Even if Thiel was the highest bidder for the assets, sources have said that Holden has told other prospective buyers that offers are not being assessed on their financial merits alone. Two sources said that Holden has been assessing the motivations of buyers and what they would do with the assets once they've acquired them. Prior to the announcement of the Freedom Of The Press Foundation's plan this week, one former Gawker executive had explored the possibility of archiving Gawker's contents with the help of university libraries, including one at New York University.
The Gawker estate is still examining the possibilities of a lawsuit against Thiel and are waiting to begin discovery to understand their role in the funding of lawsuits against the media organization. Whoever buys Gawker would ostensibly own the rights to pursuing litigation against Thiel as they see fit. Previously, lawyers for Thiel called the billionaire “the most able and logical purchaser” of Gawker.com, which the estate disputed.
What's Alibaba and why should you care? Chinese Internet giant Alibaba is gearing up for its US market debut on Friday following what is widely expected to be the biggest initial public offering in history. Only problem...
Alibaba seeks to raise up to $24.3B in IPO record Investors are going gaga for BABA. Alibaba Group, the owner of China's most popular e-commerce Web sites, expects to raise more than $21 billion when it starts trading its shares...
Alibaba's open -- just not to the U.S. The Great Wall of China has come to America — thanks to Chinese e-commerce phenomenon Alibaba. Alibaba, which is expected to pull off the biggest IPO in history this year,...
The notorious “Son of Sam” killer, David Berkowitz, will undergo an emergency heart surgery at an Albany hospital, sources said Monday.
Berkowitz, 64, terrorized New York City in a shooting spree that murdered six people from 1976 to 1977 and claimed a possessed dog gave them orders to kill.
They wounded seven with their .44 caliber Bulldog revolver.
Many of their victims, including a couple and friends, were sitting in cars.
“Inmate Berkowitz has been transferred to an outside hospital and remains in the custody of the Shawangunk Correctional Facility,” the New York State Department of Corrections said in a statement.
Sources didn't immediately comment on their recovery Monday.
One of America's most notorious urban killers, Berkowitz was arrested on August 10, 1977, 11 days after their last murder.
For months they eluded police in one of the biggest manhunts in the city's history, mocking cops in letters given to the media.
“I'll be Back. I'll be Back,” Berkowitz wrote after one shooting and signed off with the message, “Yours in Murder Mr. Monster.”
While in prison, Berkowitz became an evangelical Christian.
They now refer to themselves as the “Son of Hope” instead of the infamous Son of Sam.
Berkowitz is incarcerated at the Shawagunk Correctional Facility in Wakllkill in Ulster County, near Albany Medical Center.
Their prison journals are featured on their website run by supporters because they are barred access to the internet. They have apologized to their victims and their families.
In prison, Berkowitz writes journal essays on faith and repentance and contributes to school-based projects for students in psychology, criminology and sociology who want to learn more about the criminal mind and the criminal justice system.
Their neighbor, retiree Sam Carr, had a black Labrador retriever named Harvey, which Berkowitz claimed had pleaded with them to kill. They also believed Sam Carr was a powerful demon and was referring to them when they later called themselves Son of Sam.
The Rangers have a number of areas to clean up in turning their attention from Thursday's season-opening 4-2 loss at the Garden to the Avalanche to Saturday's game in Toronto against an abundantly talented Maple Leafs team that will slice a generous opponent to ribbons if given even half the chance.
That's why much of the focus was on play through the neutral zone with and without the puck, gap control and on defending the rush. For as much as the Blueshirts owned a decisive edge in zone time and a 40-31 five-on-five Corsi edge over Colorado, the Rangers rarely stood up at their line and turned away the Avalanche.
“We're very much aware of where we need to improve against this kind of team,” Marc Staal said following Friday's practice at the club's training center. “When you're playing against guys like [Auston] Matthews, [Mitch] Marner, now [Patrick] Marleau — they just have so many skilled guys who can skate — you have to be sharp in your details, your defensive structure and you have to be alert.
“They can make you pay pretty quick.”
But if the Leafs, 7-2 winners in their opener at Winnipeg on Wednesday, have weapons, so do the Rangers, with Pavel Buchnevich primary in the arsenal off a very impressive game against the Avalanche in which they and Mika Zibanejad were the club's most dangerous forwards.
There appears a dramatic difference in Buchnevich, who was impaired by core and back issues throughout much of last year's rookie season, but has no such physical problems this time around in the Russian's second year in North America.
“It is completely different. With the injuries, I was never 100-percent,” Buchnevich said, who recorded 20 points (eight goals, 12 assists) in 41 games last season. “I had a good summer, I worked hard and feel healthy.
“I am much more confident in my game and have a lot more belief. Last year I was more nervous.”
Zibanejad, who scored both goals in the opener and who centers the line with Buchnevich on the right and Chris Kreider on the left, walked past Buchnevich as they were talking.
“Skill, skill, skill,” Zibanejad said.
Buchnevich recorded four shots on seven attempts in 18:22 of ice time against Colorado that included 7:17 on the power play. They were strong on the puck, tough to move from the goal mouth and involved and effective on the back-check in the defensive. They had a power play opportunity from the right side to tie the game at 3-all with just over 6:35 remaining in the third period, but Semyon Varlamov got the better of them with a right shoulder save.
see also Where revamped Rangers failed in opener Maybe the preseason schedule, in which the Rangers packed six...
Most Rangers on odd-man rushes automatically adopt the default option of passing puck. But with 5:40 remaining in the first period while carrying down the left side on a two-on-one with Zibanejad on their right, Buchnevich pulled the trigger. The shot ricocheted off Varlamov's left shoulder.
“If it's a good opportunity and I'm in a good position, why not shoot?” Buchnevich asked and answered. “The coach tells us to shoot more often, so when I can, that's what I'm going to do.”
The difference in Buchnevich is noticeable to Vigneault, who has been championing the 22-year-old from Russia since the moment they arrived last year. But wait, isn't this the coach who doesn't like young guys?
“I definitely think they played a strong game [in the opener],” Vigneault said. “He protected the puck well, made some plays five-on-five and on the power play. I would say [his health and experience] will make a difference, plus their skill set — the way they handle the puck head up high, the way they can move, the way they can pass it.
“That skill set combined with the right work ethic, the right attitude and the right willpower on the ice, they should be able to make things happen. It was one game but it was a very positive game.”
Jeremy Corbyn has appointed their former leadership challenger Owen Smith to the shadow cabinet, in one of the few olive branches to their internal opponents.
The Labour leader had the opportunity to reshuffle their top team and many MPs who were previously anti-Corbyn – but are now much more upbeat about the leader's prospects – had hoped they would be tempted to bring back the likes of Yvette Cooper and Chukka Umunna to the Labour front bench.
The leader has instead limited their reshuffle to filling the vacancies left by Labour MPs who left parliament. Otherwise, they have stuck with the group of MPs who were loyal to them following last summer's attempted coup, when almost the entire shadow cabinet resigned in an attempt to force Corbyn to quit.
Deputy leader Tom Watson, a longterm Corbyn critic, loses the role of party chairperson and is replaced by Ian Lavery who has always been loyal to the leader.
“I am delighted to announce four appointments to fill shadow cabinet vacancies," said Corbyn. "I look forward to working with the strengthened shadow cabinet as we prepare a government in waiting to carry out our manifesto for the many not the few."
"Our party is now on a permanent campaign footing in anticipation of the failure of Theresa May's attempt to establish a stable administration with the support of the DUP."
Smith, who was ostracised by the left of the party after unsuccessfully challenging Corbyn last summer, has been welcomed back as shadow Northern Ireland secretary at a crucial time given the DUP's involvement in a possible deal with the Conservative government.
The Pontypridd MP was a special adviser to Northern Ireland secretary Paul Murphy during Tony Blair's government, meaning they already have some knowledge of the job.
Lesley Laird, who only became an MP six days ago, goes straight into the shadow cabinet as shadow secretary of state for Scotland, in one of the fastest rises to the front bench in British political history.
Other appointments include Dawn Butler as shadow minister for diverse communities.
In addition to their job as party chairperson Ian Lavery will be joint election campaign coordinator, serving with Andrew Gwynne.
Gwynne has also been appointed as shadow communities secretary.
Dozens of ancient ships scattered across the bottom of the Black Sea were discovered after a nearly three-year excursion that researchers are calling “one of the largest maritime archaeological projects ever staged.”
Members of the Black Sea Maritime Archaeology Project said Thursday they found 60 Roman, Byzantine and Ottoman ships while investigating climate change in Bulgaria's Black Sea waters. The researchers were also studying the impact of sea-level change after the latest glacial cycle.
The oldest of the ships is nearly 2,500 years old, dating from the Classical period around 400 or 500 B.C., according to their report.
The Roman Galley lies partially buried with masts still standing, rudders and tillers attached and ropes still intact. Black Sea MAP
“This assemblage must comprise one of the finest underwater museums of chips and seafaring in the world,” Professor Jon Adams from the University of Southampton, who led the expedition, said in a press release.
As its name may suggest, the Black Sea's lack of light and oxygen below a certain depth has allowed many of the ships to be perfectly preserved.
The wrecks were discovered hundreds or thousands of meters deep, with their masts still standing and rudders in place, according to the group. Researchers also observed carvings and tool marks as distinctive as the day they were made.
Related: Russian Navy Ship Sinks in the Black Sea After Collision With Freighter
“The condition of this wreck below the sediment is staggering, the structural timber looks as good as new,” Adams said. “This suggested far older wrecks must exist, and indeed, even in the few days since the dive, we have discovered three wrecks considerably older, including one from the Hellenistic period and another that may be older still.”
Many of the wrecks showcased structural features and equipment that were known to have existed, but never seen until now.
“The vessels represent the Roman and Byzantine periods, and the time of ancient Greek colonization,” said Dr. Kalin Dimitrov, director of the Centre of Underwater Archaeology in Sozopol, Bulgaria. “The discovered shipwrecks will undoubtedly rewrite the history of ancient shipbuilding.”
NEW YORK — Shawn Anderson scored 21 points and grabbed 12 rebounds for their first double-double and Navy rallied in the second half on Sunday to edge Columbia 73-68 for its fifth-straight win.
Hasan Abdullah added 16 points and Evan Wieck 14 as the Midshipmen (9-3) erased an 18-point first-half deficit. It was the second largest comeback in school history. Navy defeated Bryant last season after trailing by 25.
Columbia (1-9) led 31-13 with 6:44 to go in the first half as a Myles Hanson 3-pointer capped an 11-0 run. Mike Smith scored the first eight, including back-to-back treys. Abdullah's 3 capped a 9-3 Navy surge in less than 90 seconds that cut the gap to 40-32 at the break.
Wieck scored six straight for Navy, tying the game at 42 less than four minutes into the second half. Bryce Dulin's dunk at 15:03 gave them their first lead, 46-44, but Columbia scored the next 10.
Abdullah's jumper tied it at 64 and Anderson scored the next four to complete an 8-0 run that gave Navy the lead for good, 68-64, with 33 seconds left.
The Midshipmen made 4 of 5 free throws in the last 20 seconds to seal the win.
Smith had 28 points for the Lions on 11-of-15 shooting with four 3s and Hanson had a career-high 14.
Many people have pointed out Southwest's rule could be intended to prevent child trafficking.
University of California women's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb said they were about to board a flight from Denver to Oakland on Monday when a Southwest employee asked to see their infant son's birth certificate, even though they had a passport. On Twitter, Gottlieb said they believed it occurred "because they have a different skin color" than they do. "I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to 'prove' that they were my son, despite having their passport," Gottlieb tweeted. "She said because we have different last name. My guess is because they have a different skin color."
Gottlieb said the employee told them — incorrectly — that "federal law" required they provide a birth certificate, and then asked to look at their Facebook for proof. @SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that they were my son, despite having their passport. They said because we have different last name. My guess is because they have a different skin color.
Advertisement
According to the TSA, children are not required to show ID to fly, though specific airlines may have different rules. Southwest requires a copy of the birth certificate for all infants under two years of age, according to their website. On Twitter, Gottlieb said the experience was "demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient" and that they only made their flight because it was delayed. "Mother next to me said she's never been asked for proof despite diff last name..not shockingly, not mixed face fam," they said. "We are fine," they said. "It was wild, but, I fear, much more common for people that don't look like me."
After Gottlieb's tweet went viral, many people pointed out that providing ID for babies on flights is intended to prevent child trafficking. @jemiaule @CalCoachG @SouthwestAir I'm actually shocked that you haven't been asked to prove relationship. Child trafficking is a real problem so I would think showing documentation would be standard. I would rather children be safe than worry about their parents being offended.
@CalCoachG @SouthwestAir Southwest was being lenient, allowing a Facebook post to substitute for the required birth certificate. Child trafficking is very real, and I hope this story does not drive policy backward.
Chrissy Teigen added that they "stopped being exasperated with it" once they learned why a birth certificate is required. @CalCoachG @SouthwestAir airlines have asked this of me, too, with my daughter. once I learned it's a precaution for the very real threat of child trafficking, I stopped being exasperated with it. Now I'm kind of worried when they don't ask.
In a statement to BuzzFeed News, a spokesperson for Southwest said they have "apologized for the interaction that left this family feeling uncomfortable — which would never be our intention." While it is Southwest's policy to require identification for infants, the "discrepancy between last names" of Gottlieb and their son should not have been an issue, Southwest said. "We utilized this situation as a coaching moment to ensure our policies are properly followed," said Southwest.
"While it was upsetting and emotional, I realize that this was just one day of my life where I was uncomfortable and our family was made to feel 'less than' whereas others face similar situations on a daily basis," they said. "I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how 'traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect," they said.
Julia Reinstein is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Julia Reinstein at julia.reinstein@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
US regulators fined Altaba, the company formerly known as Yahoo, $35 million on Tuesday to settle charges that kept its massive 2014 cybersecurity breach a secret from investors for more than two years.
The Securities and Exchange Commission's case marks the first time it has gone after a company for failing to disclose a cybersecurity breach.
Altaba agreed to settle without admitting or denying any wrongdoing. A company spokesperson declined to comment.
Yahoo's information security team under then-CEO Marissa Mayer learned just days after the December 2014 breach that Russian hackers had stolen the company's “crown jewels,” including email addresses, encrypted passwords and security questions, the SEC said in a statement.
Despite becoming aware of the breach and reporting it to Yahoo's senior management and legal department, the company failed to properly investigate and did not disclose it to the public until more than two years later, when it was in the process of being acquired by Verizon Communications, the regulator said.
Steven Peikin, co-director the SEC's enforcement division, said cyber breaches were a priority for the agency and hoped companies facing similar issues would take note.
“The message in this case and the package of remedies here I think is a pretty strong one and I hope will be viewed as a significant penalty by other issuers,” they told reporters on a call.
“We are not seeking to second guess good faith disclosure decisions, or be unsympathetic to the perils that companies face from these kinds of intrusions,” they said, but Yahoo's material misstatements, omissions and lack of controls fell substantially short of expectations.
The US Justice Department announced charges last year against four men, including two officers in Russia's Federal Security Service, for their roles in the theft of 500 million Yahoo accounts.
One of them, Karim Baratov, a Canadian citizen born in Kazakhstan, pleaded guilty late last year to charges related to helping Russian intelligence agents break into email accounts as part of a massive 2014 breach.
Baratov was expected to be sentenced on Tuesday for their role in the Yahoo hack.
During its investigation into the 2014 breach, Yahoo uncovered a separate 2013 breach that compromised all 3 billion of its accounts, by far the largest known breach of consumer information.
Cyber breach disclosures have drawn intense scrutiny after credit reporting agency Equifax announced last year that personal information on nearly 150 million Americans had been compromised.
The investigation into Yahoo is continuing and the SEC has yet to make a decision about the role or culpability of individuals, the SEC said.
In a Tweet on Tuesday, Democratic US Senator Mark Warner applauded the SEC action.
“Holding the company accountable is important, and I hope others will learn you can't sweep this kind of thing under the rug.”
Care home bosses have been found in breach of the Health and Social Care Act as not enough staff were on duty to provide proper services.
Berry Hill Park Care Home, was given a rating of ‘requires improvement' at its latest CQC inspection, published on December 23.
The home, which provides care for up to 66 people, was also found to breach the Mental Capacity Act as people's rights were not being protected and staff hadn't documented when they needed to deprive residents of their liberty.
Inspectors commented: “Sufficient numbers of staff were not on duty to meet people's needs. However, people felt safe in the home and staff knew how to identify potential signs of abuse.”
Some staff members admitted there were not enough people on duty, but generally after incidents occurred, extra precautions were put in place, such as changes to care plans and safety equipment.
A resident said: “Every day I'm waiting after breakfast. Sometimes I go to sleep waiting and when I wake up I'm still in the dining room.”
Safeguarding policies are in place and staff were aware of the signs of abuse and had identified concerns and taken action to investigate.
The new registered manager of the home, Hilary Clinch, said no mental capacity documentation had been completed under previous managers and they had focussed on making proper applications for Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards.
However, the home was told to to be more responsive to people's needs, to protect residents' rights and improve staffing levels to bring them within the law.
Owners of the home , HC-One Ltd, said: “Providing Residents with kind and quality care is at the heart of everything we do, and we promptly review and address feedback from the CQC.
“We were pleased to receive positive comments about the standard of care provided by our staff but disappointed with the CQC report's findings on areas requiring improvement. The home has recently been refurbished and has a new manager who is working to ensure the home achieves all the required actions within the agreed timescales.
“This report does not in any way affect the kind care we provide to all our Residents every day.”
By LARRY GAGE
Special to the PRESS
Omar Silva, Ian Torres and Trey Mock all won gold medals at this week's District 32-4A track and field meet at the Rio Grande City.
Silva won both the 110-meter and 300-meter hurdles races, Torres won the shot put event, and Mock also took first in the discus competition. All three Tarpon athletes now advance to the area meet at La Feria next week.
Also qualifying for area competition by placing in the top four in their individual events were Roy Suarez, Angel Cacho, Jason Lowe, Daniel Martinez, and Travis Camacho. The mile relay (4 x 400-meters) team of Jesus Montezuma, Juan Ramos, Jarrod Galvan, and Shawn Shrewsberry qualified with their fourth-place finish in that race with the time of 3:39.43.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
DUBLIN, Ohio — Jason Dufner is working on lowering their heart rate.
(Insert your own punch line here.)
Dufner, if you haven't noticed, is a guy who goes about their business — on and off the golf course — so chilled out he's in what appears as a catatonic state.
“It doesn't look like Duf needs to stay much calmer than they normally are,'' Adam Scott joked Friday. “We might have to check their pulse soon.''
The way Dufner played the first two rounds of the Memorial this week at Muirfield Village Golf Club, they have a chance to put the field to sleep.
Dufner followed their opening-round 7-under 65 with a second-round 65 on Friday to get to a tournament-record 14-under through 36 holes and surge to a five-shot lead entering the weekend. Dufner's closest pursuers are Daniel Summerhays, who is 9-under after shooting 68 on Friday, and Rickie Fowler, who is 8-under after shooting 66.
Interestingly, the key to Dufner's success has been their putting, which always has been a weakness in their game. They have made 30-of-32 putts inside of 10 feet through two rounds.
What gives?
“I'm just focused on my breathing,'' Dufner said.
This all started when a friend of Dufner sent them an article about a study done by a doctor who worked with Marine snipers.
“It just talked about how they really focus on their breathing,'' Dufner said. “If you read anything about sniper shooters and when they shoot, they're really focused on their heartbeat and breathing. Slowing my heartbeat down … that's the obvious goal.
“I know that there's been times with my putting that the thought process and my actions have felt like they've been sped up and too quick, and I'm trying to slow down and focus on that breathing,'' Dufner added. “It's been working. I've been using it all year. This is the first time I've said anything about it.''
Two players to watch as possible come-from-behind candidates on the weekend are Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas, both of whom are eight shots back at 6-under after neither made a move Friday.
“Duf is obviously in full control of the ball, tee to green, and you've got to be making some putts, too,'' Spieth said. “He had two fantastic days. He's a major champion [2013 PGA Championship] and a multiple PGA Tour winner. He's going to be a tough guy to chase down. But playing the lead on this golf course I imagine is going to be difficult.“You can shoot low numbers if you're hitting fairways and playing to the right spots, but trouble is very close around the corner. So you just never know what's going to happen on a course like this. It's actually a good course to be coming from behind on. You can make up quite a bit of ground on the score.''
Fowler, who was playing one group behind Dufner, had a front-row seat to the damage the leader been doing on Jack Nicklaus's signature course. That was highlighted by Dufner holing out for eagle on the 18th hole, which was their ninth hole of the round on Friday.
“I'm keeping an eye on what he's doing,'' Fowler said. “You hear the shot that they holed on 18 from the crowd roar. [I was] really just trying to make sure I'm moving forward or not falling too far behind.''
Fowler, who let Dufner live at their Florida home during the winter, called them “one of my favorite people out here.''
“He's a close friend,'' Fowler said. “He's one of a kind. He's one of the best guys I know out here. People outside the ropes or people that haven't spent a whole lot of time with them maybe don't know them too well. Because he's fairly quiet on the course, you don't get to really see who they are as a person. He's one of the funniest guys out here. But fan-wise you wouldn't really see that, the way they carry themselves is pretty chill and mellow.''
Even when they holed out on 18, Dufner's expression did not change. You wouldn't have known whether they had eagled the hole or double-bogeyed it.
Knowing the adage about how difficult it is to follow up a low round with another one the next day, Dufner, who has authored two of them already, was asked what their mindset will be Saturday.
“I'm not sure,'' they said. “I've never done two in a row. We'll find out. I don't think about it too much until you ask questions like that. [Saturday] is another day. I'm working on my breathing.''
Max Ting put the finishing touch on their high school career Wednesday at San Gabriel Country Club.
The Princeton-bound senior carded a 2-under 69 to tie for second place as an individual, one stroke off the medalist.
For the 18-year-old, runner-up status didn't matter as much as Menlo School claiming third place in its first-ever appearance as a team at the CIF state championships.
“Just to make it to states was an incredible accomplishment,” said Ting, who also qualified for state as a junior, but brought their team along this time around. “To go up against so many of these schools who are so much bigger than us, I think finishing third was definitely very special.”
The Knights, runner-up at the Central Coast Section and NorCal championships, left for Los Angeles on Memorial Day and stayed for two nights, with a practice round on Tuesday.
For more Bay Area high school sports coverage follow Bay Area Preps on Flipboard.
Ting teed off at 7:50 a.m. on the 10th hole and promptly faced an uphill struggle.
“I was pretty frustrated making a bogey on that hole because it wasn't a tough hole at all,” Ting said. “But I just stuck with it. My game felt good during warm-ups, I was hitting a lot of good shots and I had put in a lot of practice the week before leading up to this big championship.
“I tried to stay patient because I knew there was a lot of golf let.”
It was essential to pick the right club out of the bag before each tee shot on this course.
“There were a lot of fairway bunkers,” Ting said. “So I think just choosing the holes where you want to lay short or be more aggressive and go past the bunkers was a big key.”
After seven consecutive pars, a birdie on the 18th hole began to turn things around.
“I got a good read on that putt and I was really confident on that stroke,” Ting said. “That kind of gave me a lot of momentum going into the turn.”
With consecutive birdies on the second and third holes, Ting suddenly found themselves in contention at 2-under par, only to bogey the fourth hole.
As Ting approached the clubhouse, danger reared its ugly head off the eighth tee.
“I hit a terrible shot,” Ting said. “It went way right to the other fairway and caught the tree, as well, so I was about 200 yards to the hole. And I somehow managed to get it over the green into the bunker, then got up-and-down from there.”
Their last obstacle was the 183-yard, par-3 ninth.
“It's a tough finishing hole,” said Ting, who caught the edge of the bunker.
“But I was on the upslope and had a really nice lie. I kind of knew what the green was doing from our round yesterday. I just put a really confident swing on the bunker shot and it happened to go in.”
The exclamation point on their round left Ting a perfect 3-for-3 on sand saves.
They added: “It was a really great way to finish my round, to finish my high school career that way.”
CCS champion St. Francis came in fourth as a team, with Easton Doyle leading the way after a round of 2-over 73 to tie for 16th.
Menlo School sophomore Kripa Dharan tied for 20th at 3-over 74.
Kenya issues a stark warning on corruption. Foreign diplomats in Nairobi applaud. The media regulator in South Sudan bars journalists from a UN-run radio station from attending government events. Is there going to be an early election in South Africa?
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has warned all government officials implicated in graft that they'll have to carry their own cross.
A visibly angry Kenyatta, who has been getting frequent updates on the ongoing investigations into various financial scandals, said that they will not allow corrupt government officials to sabotage their agenda.
They said the government will spare no effort to recover all resources stolen from Kenyans through corruption.
The head of state also warned Kenyans to stop using tribal loyalties to defend individuals caught in the web of corruption. They said all corrupt Kenyans must be prosecuted as individuals, irrespective of the tribe they come from.
Ambassadors think it's a good idea, too
Western diplomats in Kenya have meanwhile condemned corruption and have called for decisive action.
In a joint statement issued yesterday in Nairobi, the 18 envoys said graft had undermined Kenya's prosperity, security and democracy.
The envoys said they are providing wide-ranging assistance and support to help Kenyans fight corruption and were pleased by Kenyatta's commitment to address the scourge.
UN radio sanctioned in South Sudan
The South Sudan Media Authority has banned reporters from a United Nations' radio station from all government events and ordered their arrest if they show up.
The media authority claims that Radio Miraya has refused to register with the regulator.
On Tuesday Radio Miraya reporter Martin Sani was arrested in Juba by the National Security Service at the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs while attending a news briefing.
The United Nations Mission in South Sudan, which runs Radio Miraya, claims that the station's operation is covered by an agreement signed between the UN and the Juba government in August 2011.
That deal obliged the South Sudan government to grant privileges and immunities to all UN staff.
The South Sudan media regulator has recently been under criticism for a crackdown on press freedom.
Divorce on rise in South Africa
Is there a marriage crisis in South Africa? That question is suggested by a report in this morning's Johannesburg-based BusinessDay.
The report says many couples in South Africa are not making their 10th wedding anniversary. And it's mostly wives who are calling time on the relationships. Black families in particular are fracturing‚ as the number of divorces climbs.
Statistics South Africa said on yesterday that 25‚326 divorces were granted in 2016.
More wives than husbands – 50 percent‚ compared to 34 percent initiated divorce in 2016 while 1‚868 divorces were initiated by both husband and wife.
A total of 48 divorces were granted for same-sex couples, of which 38 were female couples and 10 were male.
Divorces mainly concerned people who had married for the first time. Four out of 10 South African marriages do not last a decade.
Ramaphosa sitting tight
The Mail & Guardian reports that there's no hint of early elections in South Africa.
President Cyril Ramaphosa met members of the Electoral Commission yesterday to receive an update on preparations for the next elections, which are due in 2019.
Rumours of early elections started in March, following an ANC national executive committee meeting that debated the possibility of bringing the national vote forward.
The Electoral Commission spokesperson says Ramaphosa had not raised the issue of potential early elections in their meetings with them and declined to speculate on whether the commission would be ready if early elections were called.
In this video designer Marouane Bembli explains some of the foundation skills for creating basic marker shading, also showing what not to do.
The Phillies can look back at the season's first 12 games and say they should have won more than four. But there are few, if any, moral victories in a 162-game season. The reality is the Phils lost six close games and enter Tuesday's series opener against the Mets at Citi Field with a 4-8 record.
Ebola-stricken cameraman defends Nancy Snyderman The ​TV cameraman who contracted Ebola​ while shooting footage for NBC ​in Liberia ​is defending their colleague, Dr. Nancy Snyderman​, ​who has come under fire for breaking a voluntary quarantine...
'Critical' Dallas Ebola patient on ventilator, kidney dialysis The Ebola patient fighting for their life in a Dallas hospital is on a ventilator and a kidney dialysis machine to help stabilize their health, the hospital said on Tuesday....
Today in History: Feb. 3
Last Updated: February 1, 2018 at 12:05 am
1112 – Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona and Douce I, Countess of Provence marry, uniting the fortunes of those two states.
1377 – More than 2,000 people of the Italian city of Cesena are killed by the Condottieri (papal armed forces) in the “Cesena Bloodbath”.
1451 – Sultan Mehmed II inherits the throne of the Ottoman Empire.
1488 – Bartolomeu Dias of Portugal lands in Mossel Bay after rounding the Cape of Good Hope, becoming the first known European to travel so far south.
1509 – The Portuguese navy defeats a joint fleet of the Ottoman Empire, the Republic of Venice, the Sultan of Gujarat, the Mamlûk Burji Sultanate of Egypt, the Zamorin of Calicut, and the Republic of Ragusa at the Battle of Diu in Diu, India.
1690 – The colony of Massachusetts issues the first paper money in the Americas.
1706 – During the Battle of Fraustadt Swedish forces defeat a superior Saxon-Polish-Russian force by deploying a double envelopment.
1781 – American Revolutionary War: British forces seize the Dutch-owned Caribbean island Sint Eustatius.
1783 – American Revolutionary War: Spain recognizes United States independence.
1787 – Militia led by General Benjamin Lincoln crush the remnants of Shays' Rebellion in Petersham, Massachusetts.
1807 – A British military force, under Brigadier-General Sir Samuel Auchmuty captures the Spanish Empire city of Montevideo, now the capital of Uruguay.
1809 – The Territory of Illinois is created by the 10th United States Congress.
1813 – José de San Martín defeats a Spanish royalist army at the Battle of San Lorenzo, part of the Argentine War of Independence.
1830 – The London Protocol of 1830 establishes the full independence and sovereignty of Greece from the Ottoman Empire as the final result of the Greek War of Independence.
1834 – Wake Forest University is established.
1870 – The Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution is ratified, guaranteeing voting rights to male citizens regardless of race.
1897 – The Greco-Turkish War breaks out.
1913 – The Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution is ratified, authorizing the Federal government to impose and collect an income tax.
1916 – The Centre Block of the Parliament buildings in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada burns down with the loss of 7 lives.
1917 – World War I: The United States breaks off diplomatic relations with Germany a day after the latter announced a new policy of unrestricted submarine warfare.
1918 – The Twin Peaks Tunnel in San Francisco, California begins service as the longest streetcar tunnel in the world at 11,920 feet (3,633 meters) long.
1930 – Communist Party of Vietnam is founded at a “Unification Conference” held in Kowloon, British Hong Kong.
1931 – The Hawke's Bay earthquake, New Zealand's worst natural disaster, kills 258.
1933 – Adolf Hitler announces that the expansion of Lebensraum into Eastern Europe, and its ruthless Germanisation, are the ultimate geopolitical objectives of Third Reich foreign policy.
1943 – The SS Dorchester is sunk by a German U-boat. Only 230 of 902 men aboard survive.
1944 – World War II: During the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign, U.S. Army and Marine forces seize Kwajalein Atoll from the defending Japanese garrison.
1945 – World War II: As part of Operation Thunderclap, 1,000 B-17s of the Eighth Air Force bomb Berlin, a raid which kills between 2,500 and 3,000 and dehouses another 120,000.
1945 – World War II: The United States and the Philippine Commonwealth begin a month-long battle to retake Manila from Japan.
1953 – The Batepá massacre occurred in São Tomé when the colonial administration and Portuguese landowners unleashed a wave of violence against the native creoles known as forros.
1958 – Founding of the Benelux Economic Union, creating a testing ground for a later European Economic Community.
1959 – Rock and roll musicians Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and J. P. “The Big Bopper” Richardson are killed in a plane crash near Clear Lake, Iowa.
1960 – British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan speaks of “a wind of change”, signalling that their Government was likely to support decolonisation.
1961 – The United States Air Forces begins Operation Looking Glass, and over the next 30 years, a “Doomsday Plane” is always in the air, with the capability of taking direct control of the United States' bombers and missiles in the event of the destruction of the SAC's command post.
1969 – In Cairo, Yasser Arafat is appointed Palestine Liberation Organization leader at the Palestinian National Congress.
1971 – New York Police Officer Frank Serpico is shot during a drug bust in Brooklyn and survives to later testify against police corruption.
1972 – The first day of the seven-day 1972 Iran blizzard, which would kill at least 4,000 people, making it the deadliest snowstorm in history.
1984 – John Buster and the research team at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center announce history's first embryo transfer, from one woman to another resulting in a live birth.
1984 – Space Shuttle program: STS-41-B is launched using Space Shuttle Challenger.
1989 – After a stroke two weeks previously, South African President P. W. Botha resigns as leader of the National Party, but stays on as president for six more months.
1989 – A military coup overthrows Alfredo Stroessner, dictator of Paraguay since 1954.
1995 – Astronaut Eileen Collins becomes the first woman to pilot the Space Shuttle as mission STS-63 gets underway from Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
1998 – Cavalese cable car disaster: a United States military pilot causes the death of 20 people when their low-flying plane cuts the cable of a cable-car near Trento, Italy.
2007 – A Baghdad market bombing kills at least 135 people and injures a further 339.
2014 – Two people are shot and killed and 29 students are taken hostage at a high school in Moscow, Russia.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Beer pong and football tailgates and parties have become synonymous over the years. And it's now football season, a perfect time to get a new beer pong table.
Beer pong tables have come a long way since the game's inception decades ago. Now with sturdy frame designs and sleek graphics, many tables now come with useful features like pre-cut cup holders and LED lighting. The holes help prevent the cup from falling over and spilling onto the table, while the lights make it easy to play at night or just to add a little flair to the game. And they don't need to be used for just beer pong. At 8 feet long and 2 feet wide (regulation size), you can use them for any party — outdoors or indoors — as they offer plenty of space for food and drink.
So keep reading below to see some of the top-rated and popular beer pong tables available on the market today.
1. GoPong 8-Foot Portable Beer Pong / Tailgate Tables
The GoPong tables are available in three models: Black, American Flag, and Custom Dry Erase. Each table is 8 feet long by 2 feet wide by 27.5 inches high and fold up to less than half the size (2 feet by 2 feet by 5.5 inches) for easy transport, thanks to the carrying handle. All three tables have a sturdy aluminum frame and a waterproof top for easy clean-up while weighing 25 pounds.
Each also comes with 6 ping pong balls, so once you receive your table in the mail, you're ready to play. The Custom Dry Erase model comes with four markers (red, blue, green, and black) and pre-cut cup holes, so the liquid won't run on to the table itself.
Price: Shown here for $79.99; price varies depending on model and availability
2. PartyPongTables.com 8-Foot Beer Pong Table with Optional Cup Holes, LED Glow Lights and Dry-Erase Surface
There are plenty of options from PartyPongTables.com, who offer 8-foot tables in a variety of models. The tables are available with pre-cut cup holders, with LED lights, with dry erase table top versions, and pre-designed table top sets. The tables featuring the LED lighting make playing outdoors or at night a fun time. The lights have 20 different colors with 20 different features (solid, blinking, fade, etc.) and you can adjust the brightness and speed of the blinking or other patterns (the 3 AA batteries are not included). The dry erase versions come with 4 pens to create your own table top designs and art. The pre-cut holes will prevent the liquid from spilling onto the table top and keep the cups from sliding.
In addition to being 8-feet long, each table is 2 feet wide and 28 inches high and fold into a compact, easily-transportable square measuring 2 feet by 2 feet. Each table also comes with 6 ping pong balls and a compartment to hold them as well as a easy-to-clean, waterproof surface. And the anodized aluminum framing and legs will ensure long-lasting durability even through inclement weather and rougher play.
Price: Shown above at $149.99 (12 percent off MSRP); price varies depending on model, options, and availability
3. The Pong Squad Football Beer Pong Table with Holes
Be the MVP of the next tailgate party with the Football Beer Pong Table from The Pong Squad. Highlighted by 22 pre-cut cup holders (11 on each side — 10 for the pong game itself and one to hold your personal cup), this table has a football field theme, complete with yardmarkers and endzones. And you can even add your own stickers or decals of your favorite team to it.
The drilled holes prevent cups from sliding around and flipping over on the table top and the liquid spillage will be minimal. It also includes handy hole covers. Measuring 8 feet long, 2 feet wide, and 2.5 feet high, the table folds into a compact size (2 feet by 2 feet) and features a handle for easy transport at 20 pounds.
Price: $140.00
4. Red Cup Pong Portable Beer Pong Beirut Game Table
The Red Cup Pong tables don't include pre-cut cup holders, but the spill-resistant top won't warp or bubble and has an easy-to-clean surface. And a couple of other nice features include a custom ping pong balls, including an easy access ball rack, and an attached stainless steel bottle opener.
The table is available in 6 different designs featuring high-quality graphics, and all of them are regulation size — 8 feet long and 2 feet wide. And they fold up into a compact size — 2 feet by 2 feet — with the carrying handle making it simple to transport. It weighs 22 pounds.
Price: Shown here for $89.99; prices vary depending on style and availability
5. Best Choice Products 8-Foot Portable Beer Pong Table
Best Choice Products' Beer Pong Table comes with sleek graphics and a sturdy frame at a bargain price. Measuring a regulation 8 feet long and 2 feet wide, the height of the table can be adjusted from 20.5 to 27.5 inches. Featuring am aluminum frame base with a melamine coated table top, which protects against scratches, sun damage, and the inevitable spills, durability can certainly be expected.
And if you want to take it on the road, simply fold it into its compact “briefcase mode” and carry it around with the handles. It measures 2 feet by 2 feet by 5 inches when folded and weighs a light 23 pounds. Another bonus is that it can also be used as a regular table for parties or tailgates. Just throw some food and drinks on it and you're ready to go.
Price: $59.94
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
RAYNE - Funeral services will be held on Saturday, Dec. 16, 2017, at 1 p.m. at Centenary United Methodist Church for Fair Craig King Hash, 86, who died Thursday December 7, 2017 at Life Care Hospital in Shreveport.
Interment will be in the Rayne Cemetery Inc. in Rayne.
Rev. Chris Blanchard of Centenary United Methodist Church will conduct the funeral services.
Survivors include their daughter, Laura Fair Milligan and husband Dr. Ed Milligan of Shreveport; son, James W. “Bo” King and wife Debbie C. King of Baytown, Texas; three granddaughters, Kerri Ellen Gonzalez of Baytown, texas, Lindsey Paige Beggs of Shreveport, and Kasey Erin Sanchez of Palestine, Texas; three grandsons, Barry S. Milligan of Shreveport, Reggie Milligan of Shreveport, and Craig A. King of Baytown, Texas; six great-grandsons, Peyton Milligan, Sawyer Beggs, Hunter Sanchez, Caleb King, Aidan Gonzalez and Caden Alvarez; nine great-granddaughters, Madison Fair Milligan, Chandler Milligan, Emerson Milligan, Baylor Beggs, Addison Gonzalez, Zoe Sanchez, Natalie Sanchez, Raegan Barfield and Keatyn Barfield; and a brother, Robert B. Craig and wife Grace.
They were preceded in death by their husband, Dr. Frank F. Hash; a great-granddaughter, Katherine Elizabeth Milligan; father, James Hugh Craig; mother, Myrta Fair Bradbury Craig; and two brothers, Richard “Dickie Boy” Craig and James H. Craig and wife Kate.
Pallbearers will be John Quebodeaux, Jimmy Craig, Bobby Craig, Bill Gregory, Michael Handy, Harvey Hawkins and Larry Menard.
The family requests visitation be observed in Gossen Funeral Home in Rayne on Friday Dec. 15, from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. and at Centenary United Methodist Church in Rayne on Saturday Dec. 16, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Friends may view the obituary and guestbook online at www.gossenfuneralhome.net.
Arrangements have been entrusted to Gossen Funeral Home, Inc. of Rayne, LA, (337) 334-3141.
CityPOST is launching a new nationwide postal service for businesses.
The independent postal service said its €0.79 PostPICK-UP cost will undercut the annual costs of existing providers by up to 21%.
The company is offering free postal collection from businesses and delivery to anywhere in Ireland, or in 200 countries globally.
Outside of Ireland, CityPOST also operates in Portugal and Northern Ireland.
It has invested over €1m in a sorting facility in Greenogue Business Park, which the company says is Ireland's largest independently owned digital sorting infrastructure.
Commenting on the new service, CityPOST CEO Ian Glass said: "It is clear that post still has an important role to play for businesses.
"It is also clear, that Irish businesses want to pay less for their postal service."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A metro firefighter is heating things up in the kitchen. But it's no longer just at home or their firehouse. He's gone national!
FOX4's Melissa Stern caught up with them and the other firefighters at Station 38 in Kansas City, Missouri, today.
“I love to eat, and everything revolves around food,” says Dung Pham, a firefighter with the Kansas City, Mo. Fire Department.
Dung Pham has been a firefighter for 20 years. They say any occasion, happy or sad, there`s always food and they love making it, especially dishes inspired by their Vietnamese background.
“I`m a perfectionist when it comes to food. Everything has to be exactly right for me,” Pham says.
Pham was featured on an episode of ‘Guy's Grocery Games' on the Food Network Sunday night.
They spent five days in Santa Rosa, California, filming last October.
Firefighters across the U.S. applied to be on the episode. When the show narrowed it down to four, Pham was one of them.
“Seeing one of our own guys up there, a guy you come to work every third day with, we`re like family here, so it was a pretty proud moment for us to see them up there,” says John Castaneda, a firefighter who works with Pham.
Pham's co-workers at the firehouse say many firefighters are great cooks. But in this house, Pham is their go-to chef.
“He cooks anything. You name it, they will cook it up. They do some great Brazilian steak sandwiches. The chicken spiedini they make on Sundays is amazing,” Castaneda adds.
Pham may be in charge in the kitchen, but they say they have plenty of sous chefs on hand.
“Everybody helps with the chopping, with the cleaning, everything, and here I am like Gordon Ramsey in a way,” adds Pham. “Whatever these guys want, I can whip it up!”
The firefighters and Pham's wife encouraged them to apply for the show.
Although they didn't win the $20,000, they say they were proud to represent Kansas City and KCFD.
“I will always cook, I will always cook. If I don`t cook for the guys, I`m gonna get beat!” says Pham with a laugh.
Here is one of their popular recipes. It's the one they cooked on the show.
Banh Mi Vietnamese grilled pork sandwiches recipe
Makes 4 to 6 servings
One to two pounds of pork tenderloin, slice into one-inch slice, pound out flat, sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides, put into a medium size bowl, and set aside.
Marinade for the pork: Put 2 cups of olive oil in a blender with 3 cloves of garlic, 1 bunch of green onions, 2 tablespoons of soy sauce (Maggie's seasoning sauce recommended), 1 tablespoon of brown sugar. Blend on medium speed.
Let the pork tenderloin soak in the marinade at room temperature for half an hour before grilling.
Recipe for pickled carrots and onions: 1 pound of julienne sliced carrots, 1 small onion thinly sliced, 1 cup of white vinegar, 1/3 cup of sugar, 1 bunch of roughly chopped cilantro, mixed all together in a bowl and set aside.
Grill the pork at medium heat. It takes about only about 5 minutes because it's thinly sliced.
1 long loaf of French baguette bread, put in the oven at 350 for 5 minutes or until nice and crispy around the edges.
Slice the bread in half the long way. Lay out the pork on the bread and garnish it with the pickled carrots, and a little dash of the soy sauce if needed and some sriracha hot sauce if you want to kick it up another notch.
Police on the scene after a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto on April 23, 2018.
A Toronto man was charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder after a van struck dozens of pedestrians on a busy sidewalk Monday afternoon in the worst mass attack in Canada in almost three decades.
Alek Minassian, 25, appeared in a Toronto court on Tuesday to formally face the charges after a Monday rampage that left 10 people dead and more injured, according to broadcaster CP24.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the incident a “senseless attack,” while saying there's no evidence of a national security risk or reason to change the country's threat level. “At this time, we have no reason to suspect that there is any national security element to this attack, but obviously the investigations continue,” Trudeau said in Ottawa on Tuesday.
Monday's incident marked the worst mass killing in Canada since Marc Lepine killed 14 women at a Montreal engineering school in 1989 before turning the gun on himself. It comes on the heels of several other vehicle attacks around the world, including one in a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12, a van attack in Barcelona that left 13 dead, and the truck loaded with arms that drove into a late-night crowd in Nice, France, in 2016, killing 80 people. A vehicle attack in Edmonton, Alberta, last year injured four pedestrians and a police officer.
Police are still notifying families of the victims and won't publicly confirm identities until that's complete, likely not before at least Wednesday, Toronto Police spokesperson Constable Caroline de Kloet said Tuesday. Police expect to provide an update on the case later in the day, they said.
Invesco Employee Died
Among the dead was an employee of Invesco Canada, the Canadian unit's president Peter Intraligi said in a statement.
“I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to their injuries," Intraligi said. “Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments.” Invesco is an investment-management company based in Atlanta.
Two South Koreans were also among the victims, according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap, which cited the foreign ministry.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said Monday the incident was clearly deliberate and nothing has been ruled out. Saunders identified the suspect as Minassian, and said police were still searching for a motive, declining to provide further details. “I open all the lanes right now, I don't close anything until the evidence closes it for us,” Saunders told reporters. “Right now everything is open.”
Little Force
In Monday's incident, a van sped into the intersection of Yonge and Finch at around 1:30 p.m. before heading south on Yonge, hopping the curb and slamming into pedestrians. Several witnesses told TV networks that they appeared to be targeting people, driving to avert light poles as they raced south.
Officials haven't yet identified the police officer involved in the dramatic stand-off. A video published on the Toronto Star website showed the man standing in front of a Ryder rental van, pointing an object at a police offer, asking them to “shoot me in the head.” The police officer stood their ground, and eventually apprehended them on the sidewalk and handcuffed him.
— With assistance by Kristine Owram, and Natalie Obiko Pearson
PLEASANT HILL, Ohio (WDTN) — Firefighters are en route to a house fire in Pleasant Hill.
The Miami County Sheriff's Office says someone called 911 to report the fire at a house in the 700 block of N. S.R. 48 around 3:50 a.m. on Thursday.
According to the sheriff's office, a deputy at the scene reported the garage of the home was fully engulfed in flames.
We have a crew on the way to the scene and we'll provide updates as they become available.
How ‘This is Where I Leave You' transitioned from book to movie
By Chandler Walter, Assistant Editor
Novels adapted into movies have a bad track record when it comes to truly living up to the expectations held by fans of the original books.
Occasionally, however, the author of the original material is given full rein on how the adaption is played out on screen, and the transition of medium is made less jarring.
Such is the case of This Is Where I Leave You, a 2009 novel by Jonathan Tropper about a dysfunctional family, death, manhood, and cuckoldry. The movie adaptation of the book—released five years later in 2014—had Tropper themselves as the main scriptwriter, and the loyalty to source material is evident for anyone who has both read the book and watched the movie.
Entire conversations are played out word for word, and scenes are presented as more of literal visual depictions of the novel than what would be expected upon hearing the word “adaptation.” So closely does much of the story follow the plot of the book that the few instances where it differs slightly become all the more noticeable. Changed names here and there, a dropped plot point between two brothers, and a more definite end resolution are a few of the divergences made for the movie version, though the most important difference is what all movies pale in comparison to written work in achieving: Explaining the thoughts and emotions of their characters.
Although the long, sad stares of Jason Bateman's Judd Altman (Judd Foxman in the books) manage to hint at the despair of this man who has lost their job, wife, and father, it simply does not—and cannot—do justice to one of the book's most attractive offerings: Judd's own depressingly witty thoughts on who they are, who they are with, and what is going around him.
The wit of the character is displayed in the movie version through interactions with other characters, but it is the wit of the writer themselves that is seemingly diluted in the transition. Tropper's shameless metaphors, rambling musings, and often-touching insights are hidden inside the skull of Judd on screen, unable to be tapped into without the use of a severely out of place soliloquy.
Reading the novel before watching the movie version made seeing the visual story a better experience, because it unlocked the character's depths in a way that simply can't be done in a 103-minute runtime. That Tropper's strength as a writer was somewhat lost in translation is a shame for those who only experienced the 2014 film, though the consistency in sticking to the original plot, dialogue, and characters of the book makes the movie version a truer-than-usual depiction of the story an author was telling.
Most Americans will experience back pain. Billions are spent on direct and indirect costs of back pain. Many undergo surgery. More women have back pain than men, and most who suffer from back pain have sedentary jobs/lifestyles. Office workers are an example. ASC addresses our approach to helping sufferers alleviate back and other pain, with demonstration of pain relieving exercises.
SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY AMERICAN SENIOR COMMUNITIES
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) — A member of congress says a mistaken report of a shooter prompted a lockdown at an Air Force base in Northern California.
U.S. Rep. John Garamendi tells The Associated Press that the lockdown went into effect at Travis Air Force Base on Wednesday after someone reported a possible gunshot.
Garamendi, who was briefed on the situation, says there was a training exercise underway at the base at the time and “someone took that to be an active shooter.”
The Solano County Office of Emergency Services posted on Facebook that there is no active shooter and the response has been canceled.
The base is off Interstate 80, approximately 45 miles northeast of San Francisco.
CTV is giving you the chance to win a family 4 packs of tickets to this weekend's Ottawa Home and Garden Show!
Ottawa's most anticipated indoor garden display is back with stunning landscapes that will take up an entire hall of the EY Centre! Prepare to be captivated by three new gardens at Living Landscapes. Find incredible advice, tips and inspiration at the Urban Barn Main Stage. We are happy to welcome back HGTV's Carson Arthur for three presentations on Thursday, March 22 and Friday, March 23.
Email ottawacontests@ctv.ca for your chance to win!
For information and tickets, visit www.ottawahomeshow.com
Contest starts at 12 p.m. Monday, Mar. 19 and closes at 1 p.m. Friday, Mar. 23, 2018.
Image copyright AFP
US President Donald Trump has called for drug traffickers to face the death penalty as part of their plan to combat the US painkiller-addiction epidemic.
They outlined the capital punishment plan during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state hard hit by the opioid crisis.
Mr Trump is also set to announce measures to tackle over-prescription and insufficient access to treatment.
The epidemic claimed 63,600 Americans' lives in 2016, say US health officials.
Mr Trump was cheered on Monday as they told a crowd: "If we don't get tough on the drug dealers we're wasting our time, and that toughness includes the death penalty."
Some 2.4 million Americans are estimated to be addicted to opioids, a class of drugs that includes prescription painkillers and heroin.
Mr Trump previously suggested the "ultimate" punishment for traffickers at a rally in Pennsylvania earlier this month.
Doesn't this get-tough approach work elsewhere?
President Trump has previously praised Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, whose war against drug dealers has led to extra-judicial killings.
Philippines police say they have killed 4,100 drugs suspects as part of the campaign.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The drug addict who became a judge
But human rights groups say the real death toll is triple that number, and the International Criminal Court is investigating.
Advocates of capital punishment for drug dealers credit it to Singapore's low drug use.
But Iran also imposes the death penalty for drug use, yet it is plagued by opiate addiction.
New York City FC finally has a home — for a training facility it can truly call its own.
In a ribbon-cutting ceremony Tuesday, the Major League Soccer club unveiled the Etihad City Football Academy in the Rockland County hamlet of Orangeburg — giving NYCFC a permanent facility in which to prepare for its matches at Yankee Stadium.
“It's like the facilities we have in Europe,” head coach Patrick Vieira said. “It's all about having what you need to improve yourself and work well. When we were in Purchase, we knew that wasn't our home. We weren't allowed to do what we really wanted.”
NYCFC had spent the last three years training at SUNY-Purchase, but never quite felt at home due to obstacles that failed to link all operations together.
The new 17-acre facility will not only house the team, but also accommodate the backroom staff and academy coaches, putting everyone at NYCFC under one roof.
The facility includes 1 ½ grass fields that can be used year-round thanks to undersoil heating, and be arranged in numerous ways depending on the day's focus. It also features four state-of-the-art cameras recording each session for coaches and players to review.
Away from the field, the new training center also features an onsite chef preparing specialty meals daily for an open cafeteria; massage and treatment rooms; and a multi-purpose gym, among other resources.
“I come here every day and I can't believe this is where we work,” NYCFC sporting director Claudio Reyna said. “This is a home that's built for all of us.”
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillowcase-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here is how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location — and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter, Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view. At one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emojis on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with disruption of Congress, according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with crowding, obstructing or incommoding.
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That is allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were allowed to wear it throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Dope? Nope, he's father of the year!
The mom of the half-baked dad accused of abandoning their infant daughter on a subway platform over the weekend called their son “a great father'' Monday.
“My son is a good man and a great father — that is all I will say,'' Janet Perez, 42, told The Post in a text.
The mom's staunch defense of son Joshua Perez came just hours after the dopey dad was arraigned on abandonment and reckless-endangerment charges for allegedly leaving their 7-month-old daughter, Idanis Perez, alone in their stroller on a train platform at 86th Street in Manhattan for up to two and a half hours early Sunday.
Joshua Perez, whose Facebook handle is “Tarzan Cannibus” — and who cops suspect was blitzed on either booze, drugs or both at the time — told police they fell asleep on a train with the baby after arguing with their mother and doesn't remember a thing, law-enforcement sources have said.
ABC/Lorenzo Bevilaqua(NEW YORK) — Mario Batali, the flame-haired, Crocs-wearing celebrity chef watched by millions as a co-host of The Chew, has stepped down from the show and their restaurant empire, after allegations of sexual harassment and unwanted touching surfaced against him.
The foodie website Eater reports that at least four women have accused Battali of groping them, noting that they were “reprimanded for inappropriate behavior in the workplace as recently as two months ago” by Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group, the company they co-owns with restaurateur Joe Bastianich. The formal complaint that triggered the reprimand was reportedly the first one to officially emerge from an employee. Eater notes it resulted in Batali having to undergo training.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” ABC said in a statement Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
In a statement provided to ABC News, the chef said they were leaving their company for an unspecified period of time, “to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed.”
Their statement to the site reads, in part, “I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Batali adds, “I know my actions have disappointed many people,” but says he's “hopeful” they can regain the “respect and trust” of “my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans… I will spend the next period of time trying to do that.”
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) – Mike McCarty remembers well growing up in Waveland, Indiana in the 1970's.
“There was nothing to be scared of,” Mike recalled. “I mean, I was the son of an Indiana State Police officer. What really was there to fear in a town of 500 in west-central Indiana?”
Mike found out on Valentine's Day, 1977.
“I'm nine years old, but I knew something different had happened,” Mike said of that day.
That “something different” happened only four miles from their home, and it was more like “something horrible.”
It made the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite. Four boys were executed in a mobile home near Hollandsburg. Somehow, their mother survived, and no one knew who did it.
“My dad was assigned as one of the three troopers to guard them around the clock, which left my mother and I and my brother, who was one year old at the time, in a house, in the country, no idea who had done this,” Mike recalled. “Every time a car would go by, my mom would just get up and look out the window.”
People were in fear throughout Parke County.
“People were scared to death,” Mike said. “People were locking their doors. People were getting their guns out.”
That fear captivated the community until State Police arrested four local men.
“There were just so many questions that I had as a child about why this happened,” Mike said.
The curious nine year old Mike clipped newspaper articles and pictures about the case. They could also vividly recall conversations their dad would have about the case with others, both in their home and in the community.
This case is ultimately why Mike became a detective in Nashville, Tennessee. They investigated countless cases, yet their mind always returned to Hollandsburg.
“I started asking the offenders, and one began to correspond with me,” Mike said. “He answered many questions. I reached out to the surviving mother.”
They also spoke with prosecutors and detectives.
“I remember working in Nashville, seeing all of this work, and thinking ‘you know, that's a book.'” Mike was right.
So with the help of a journalist, Mike wrote “Choking in Fear: A Memoir of the Hollandsburg Murders.” It was a book Mike felt compelled to write.
“Looking back, I think I was on that track from the moment this crime happened,” Mike recalled.
Those memories certainly stick with Mike today. They founded Safe Hiring Solutions, a firm that conducts background checks for more than 4,500 clients, including a lot of school districts. Mike's passion is to keep people safe, while also trying to identify those who may want to harm others.
“What I learned is these four killers, one of them would certainly be classified as a sociopath,” Mike said. “The other three are like a lot of kids we have in our community today. They are one bad influence away from walking into a house and doing something like what happened in Hollandsburg, Indiana.”
The murders devastated Hollandsburg. Not much is left of town or the murder scene itself… just an old garage and the outline in the grass of where the Spencer family mobile home once stood.
Mt. Moriah Cemetery holds the most powerful reminder of the crime. There, you'll find a headstone, four plots wide, laying where each victim now rests: Greg Brooks, Raymond Spencer, Reeve Spencer and Ralph Spencer. The oldest was 22. The youngest was just 14.
“I think it completely changed the fabric of the community,” Mike said. “The trust in everybody evaporated overnight when this happened, and it's never coming back.”
You'll find Mike's book available on many on-line retailers. You may also check out a copy of the book from the Vigo County Public Library.
Talk show host Wendy Williams' health has been the center of headlines since their alarming faint on live air back in October.
In the midst of taking a three week hiatus from the show, Wendy is opening up to Good Morning America about battling hyperthyroidism and Grave's disease while entering menopause.
Wendy was diagnosed with the autoimmune disease 19 years ago, but the disease is finally getting under control after taking some much needed R&R.
“We, as women, particularly if — we have families, you know, we're taking care of children, we're taking care of, you know, home, our husbands, we take care of everybody but ourselves,” Williams told GMA.
“And it's really unfortunate. And that — that is something that has no socioeconomic thing to it. No matter what — no matter what the woman's status is, it seems like we're all in the same boat,” they continued, explaining “I'm not doing that anymore.”
“Wendy first,” they added.
The interview will air in full on Monday. You can watch the clip below:
RELATED LINKS
Wendy Williams Announces Three-Week Break From Talk Show
Wendy Williams Gives Health Update After Canceling Shows This Week
Wendy Williams Cancels Them Show For The Rest Of The Week Citing Health Issues
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Wintry weather, delay in worker arrival postpone Streetscape work
BY KEVIN BONESKE
REPORTER/PHOTOGRAPHER
Motorists who cross Rhinelander's Davenport Street Bridge have another two weeks before having to travel another route over the Wisconsin River.
The bridge had been slated to close Monday for about a month as part of the second of two years of construction with the city's downtown Streetscape project, but the previous week's wintry weather coupled with workers having yet to arrive in Rhinelander delayed the closure until May 1, said city public works director Tim Kingman.
Kingman said some of the project work, such as replacing concrete along parking areas, is now scheduled to begin this week. However, they noted there won't be any road closures in the city because of the Streetscape work until next month.
Though the initial targeted finishing date of June 16, which was weather permitting, for all three phases of the project doesn't look like it will be met, Kingman said they still expect the Streetscape work to be completed by July 4.
Rhinelander's Streetscape project began in March of last year and wrapped up for 2016 in November. Numerous street closures occurred downtown last year when work took place separating the combined sanitary and storm water sewers and upgrading both systems along with putting down new pavement. The project also involved increasing the width of sidewalks, installing decorative lighting, planting trees and other beautification projects.
Though there isn't as much disruption to traffic expected in the downtown area with this year's work, in comparison to last year's construction when several roadways were dug up, one road closure at the start of this year's construction will be similar to 2016, namely the closure of the Davenport Street Bridge.
The road closures outlined in this year's construction schedule, which is posted on the www.rhinelandercityhall.org website, are slated to take place in three phases when structures such as manholes would be adjusted for final installation along with the paving and striping to finish the affected streets.
Kildare Ladies manager, Morgan O'Callaghan, has named their team for Sunday's Lidl Ladies NFL Division 2 against Cavan, at Hawkfield.
KILDARE
Aoife Molyneaux;
Tara Hallinan, Erica Burke cpt., Rachel Cribbin;
Shauna Kendrick, Rachael Corrigan, Aisling Curley;
Rachel Reidy, Róisín Byrne;
Orlaith Kirwan, Molly Price, Eadaoin Connolly;
Ellen Dowling, Trina Duggan, Mikaela McKenna.
Green Tee Tournament: July 16 at Metropolitan Golf Links. Registration at 6:30 a.m., shotgun start at 8:30 a.m. $125 per golfer, $400 foursome includes green fees, cart, range balls, lunch, games (raffle, auction) and prizes. Proceeds will fund youth development programs for Oakland youth and cultural arts programs. To register visit eventbrite.com/e/geen-tee-golf-tournament-tickets-45809764238 or for more information contact Karis Griffin at 510 238-7259 or email greenteegolf@oakland.net.com
Los Gatos Lions Club Tournament: July 20 at Coyote Creek Golf Club. Shotgun start at noon, banquet and awards to follow, including Maui raffle and auction. Proceeds to benefit the Los Gatos Lions Club Youth and school programs. To register visit www.LGLions.org, (408) 354-7896
Savvy Swing Tournament: July 20 at Blue Rock Springs Golf Club. The West 9-hole course will be used for this “fun” scramble format tournament. $50 per golfer or $180 foursome which includes cart, green fees, range balls, prizes and awards dinner. Proceeds will go towards high school girls and boys golf teams. To register or for more information contact Vanita Finney (707) 246-7401 or Marj Kelly (707) 290-1951, www.bluerockspringsgolf.com
Knights of Columbus Tournament: July 23 at Crow Canyon Country Club. Registration at 10 a.m., lunch at 11 a.m., shotgun-scramble format at noon, followed by cocktails at 5:30 p.m. and dinner/awards/auction at 6:30 p.m. $195 per golfer includes: golf, bbq lunch, beverages, pre-golf contests, awards, raffle, silent auction, no-host cocktails and dinner. $60 dinner only. Proceeds benefit RotaCare Pittsburg Free Medical Clinic. To register visit www.svdp-cc.org or for more info contact Barb Hunt b.hunt@svdp-cc.org, (925) 330-6732. For sponsorship opportunities and info contact Michael Fernandez at michael.fernandez@sbcglobal.net, (925) 899-0883
BAWPVA Tournament: Aug. 13 at Palo Alto Hills Golf & Country Club. Registration at 11 a.m., followed by shotgun start at noon. Box lunch provided to all golfers and an awards dinner will follow 18-hole scramble. Proceeds raised through the BAWPVA (Paralyzed Veterans of America Bay Area Western Chapter) golf event will go towards wheelchair athletes and helping to find a cure for paralysis. $240 per golfer, $880 foursome, $50 spectactor ticket, $200 tee sponsor, $240 sponsor a veteran. To register visit bawpva8thgolf.eventbrite.com or for more info, contact Kory Amaral (650) 858-3936, golf@bawpva.org
Phill Wells Memorial Tournament: Sept. 10 at Diablo Country Club. $275 per golfer includes: golf, cart, range balls, tee prizes, silent auction, awards, lunch and dinner. Proceeds benefit UC Davis football. To register or for more info contact John Silverfoote at foot24@comcast.net
Day in the Greens Tournament: Sept. 15 at Redwood Canyon Golf Course. Hosted by Castro Valley Sports Foundation and Rowell Ranch Rodeo. 7 a.m. check-in registration, 8 a.m. shotgun start (scramble format). $150 per golfer or $550 foursome, includes golf, cart, gift bag, breakfast and dinner. To register visit castrovalleysportsfoundation.org, rowellranchrodeo.com or for corporate and other sponsorship opportunists contact George Pacheco (510) 772-3395, Cal Sakamoto (510) 774-5205, Brian Morrison (510) 538-9817
Homeless Animals' Lifeline Charity Classic: Oct. 12 at Lone Tree Golf Course. Registration begins at 10 a.m., putting contest at 11 a.m., tee off at noon, followed by cocktails, auction and raffle at 5 p.m., and dinner at 6 p.m. $120 per golfer includes: golf, cart, range balls, lunch (Kinders bbq), and dinner. Prizes for top teams as well as awards dinner and raffle/auction which are open to the public for $35 per person. Proceeds benefit the volunteer based cat and dog animal rescue foundation. To register visit www.lonetreegolfcourse.com or for more information contact (925) 706-4220
To submit a hole-in-one or golf tournament contact, Nick Roth at nroth@bayareanewsgroup.com
An international Inuit group is angry they weren't informed that a rocket stage likely containing highly toxic fuel is set to splash down in waters they routinely hunt for food.
Okalik Eegeesiak of the Inuit Circumpolar Commission said communities learned about Wednesday's splashdown through news reports.
The rocket is a repurposed Russian missile being used to launch a satellite for the European Space Agency.
Eegeesiak says the launch violates the principles of free, prior and informed consent as well as federal promises to protect Canada's oceans.
Canada is an associate member of the European Space Agency and routinely contributes over $20 million a year to its operation.
Federal documents say that membership is supposed to give Canada influence in the agency's decisions.
Former Rangers phenom wants out of the desert Anthony Duclair once looked like a future cornerstone for the Rangers. Now he's struggling to earn ice time for the worst team in the NHL and wants a fresh start....
Don't buy Alex Ovechkin's bogus Vladimir Putin hedge This just in: Jeff Sessions cannot recall whether they have ever seen Alexander Ovechkin play hockey. Ovechkin may claim, as they did Thursday, that they are not trying to be...
Devils find a way to keep the Coyotes winless When they were consistently one of the NHL's elite franchises, one of their trademarks was a near-unwavering belief that they could defeat any opponent. It's a trait their modern-day descendants...
Returning to the Garden, Derek Stepan has a plan for 'rough day' Derek Stepan has a plan for Thursday. He's just not sure they will follow it. They want to keep the emotions off the ice when their new team meets his...
John Tavares' hat trick propels Islanders past winless Coyotes Hats flew onto the ice at Barclays Center on Tuesday night as John Tavares finished off a lesson in the art of deflection. The Islanders' captain tallied a hat trick,...
Rangers break up core with Stepan-Raanta jaw-dropper CHICAGO — It was hard for the Rangers to part ways with one of the core players from the most successful run in franchise history that didn't include a Stanley...
Brave boycott is about the future of women's hockey in America Good for them. Good for the US Women's National Team for boycotting this year's World Championship, to be hosted at U.S.A. Hockey's new facility in Plymouth, Mich., starting on March 31....
Meet the stats professor who's beating the house on NHL bets With the massive increase in available data, sports are getting smarter. So are gamblers. David Beaudoin has a PhD in statistics and teaches at Laval University in Quebec City. He...
Making sense of quiet NHL trade deadline: Why Caps pulled trigger Remember when Nashville's David Poile was anointed General Manager of the Year for acquiring rental properties Cody Franson and Mike Santorelli from Toronto for a package including a first-rounder in...
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Video
In inquiry in Australia has heard that 7% of Catholic priests allegedly abused children between 1950 and 2010.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse also heard that more than 4,400 people claim to have been victims between 1980 and 2015.
Andrew Collins, an Australian survivor of abuse, gave their reaction to the findings to the BBC's Newshour.
ფოტო: საია
Parliament of Georgia's Legal Committee supported yesterday a legislative initiative on introducing a gender quota in parliament, with 10 members supporting the initiative and 0 against.
Eka Beselia, the chairperson of the committee, called the decision "very important."
Members of the Georgian Women's Movement attended the Legal Committee meeting as well.
"We want to take this responsibility. We want to use the talents, capabilities, and knowledge of women in creating welfare in our country. 70% of the population of the country believes that more women in politics will bring prosperity to this country. Competitiveness, knowledge, and experience will be increased that will be beneficial for our country," said Baia Pataraia, of the Georgian Women's Movement at the committee sitting.
If the Parliament supports the draft law at a plenary session, the amendments will be introduced to the Election Code of Georgia.
According to the proposed changes, each second member on a party list should be a representative of a different sex.
"In the parliamentary and local self-government elections, parties will be obliged to protect the gender balance, so that every second candidate in the party list must have a different gender. Otherwise, the Central Election Commission will return the list to the party to correct the error. In case the party does not eradicate the problem, the party will not be registered. In addition, if the member of Parliament or city assembly turns down their or their mandate, the seat has to be filled with the following person on the list of the same gender," the explanatory part of the draft law elaborates.
Earlier on September 11 of this year, the Human Rights Committee of the Parliament of Georgia supported the legislative initiative on gender quotas.
The previous convocation of the parliament did not support the gender quota.
Already have an account?
Choose from 3 subscription plans to access.
You can cancel anytime.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LATHROP, Mo. -- The same weekend Lathrop, Missouri celebrates its 150th birthday, the small town of 2,500 will also welcome hundreds of thousands of people for next week's total solar eclipse.
Lathrop is about 30 miles north of Kansas City. Oak Street, the main strip, will be blocked off for people who want to walk around town during the eclipse. That location is free, and the city also has several viewing sites where you can buy passes to attend.
Ava Langer is part of the planning committee. They said, "They have projected that we would have between 60,000 to 275,000 people in this area." That's up to 136 times the population of Lathrop. It's more people than the town has ever seen.
Langer laughed and said, "Everybody just needs to be friendly that day and mind their manners." They said a man came to Lathrop 7 years ago and told them they'd be right on the centerline for total solar eclipse. Monday, seven days out, nerves are rippling.
Langer said, "I am very nervous, I am." But not about plans or the eclipse itself; Langer wants to make sure everyone who chooses Lathrop leaves with a positive experience. "We want everybody to see that we're a town that they would want to come back and visit," they said.
The planning committee started with securing large areas: The Antique Show Grounds, First Baptist Church (North Campus), Lathrop High School. Then, they focused on details: portable bathrooms, trash cans, and food at each venue. Some roads will also be blocked off. Langer said, "Highway 116 we don't know, it could be a parking lot that day. They're encouraging people not to park but we're looking at it like the Royals parade!"
The city has also worked with Clinton County emergency management to plan for anything that might happen. There will be hydration stations around the town with medical staff on hand at each location.
Click here to learn more about Lathrop's eclipse plans.
By Steve Inch
SELINSGROVE, Pa. – Mark Smith of Sunbury turned in a flag-to-flag victory in Tuesday night's
Firecracker 30 for 360 sprint cars at Selinsgrove Speedway in front of a large crowd that was on hand for the special holiday racing program sponsored by Selinsgrove Ford.
The $3,000 win was Smith's second of the season at Selinsgrove behind the wheel of the Mach 1 Chassis No. M1.
Bryan Bernheisel of Lebanon inherited the lead in the 30-lap super late model race and held off a late-race challenge for their third win of the year at the track also worth $3,000 over a stellar field of 30 entries.
Shaun Lawton of Bloomsburg drove to an exciting win in the 15-lap C.W. Smith Memorial pro stock race. Lawton collected $1,028 for their third win of the season.
Selinsgrove Speedway will present the Jan Opperman/Dick Bogar Memorial PA Speedweek Finale for 410 sprint cars plus PASS 305 sprint cars at 7:30 p.m. this Sunday, July 8. The 30-lap main event will pay $5,000 to win. Track gates will open at 5 p.m.
Blane Heimbach was scheduled to start on the pole for the 360 main event but a mechanical issue forced them to rejoin the field at the back of the pack after entering the pit area. The move shifted original third-place starter Mark Smith to the pole for the drop of the green flag.
Smith powered into the front spot and was chased by second-place starter Jason Shultz. By lap two a battle for third developed between fourth-place starter Davie Franek and fifth-place starter Chad Layton. Meanwhile, Heimbach began to work their way back through the field.
With only five laps completed, Smith began to encounter slower traffic with Shultz, Franek, Layton and sixth-place starter Kyle Reinhardt in pursuit.
The race's second caution flag unfurled on lap 11 when Mallie Shuster's car spun in turns three and four. On the lap 12 restarts, ninth-place starter Derek Locke drove into the top five. The raced was slowed one more time when Reinhardt's car rolled to a stop in turn two.
On the ensuing restart, Smith stretched their lead only to have Shultz attempt to close it up in the final five laps to no avail. Smith was victorious by 1.94 seconds over Shultz, Franek, Layton, and Locke.
In the late model feature, Jeff Rine started on the outside of the front row and beat polesitter Bryan Bernheisel out of the second turn to take the early lead. Fourth-place starter Dylan Yoder kept the leaders in their sites as they navigated their way through traffic by lap five.
The race's first caution flag waved on lap 13 when Billy Wampler's car developed a flat tire.
When the race resumed, Rine held a solid lead while Bernheisel and Yoder dueled for the runner-up position.
On the 20th circuit, Colebry Frye, last Saturday's feature winner, rolled to a stop in turn one after racing their way into the fourth position. On the lap 21 restarts, 10th place starter Brett Schadel and 11th place starter Gene Knaub challenged for the fifth position.
Misfortune struck Rine on lap 24 when their car developed a flat tire. Bernheisel inherited the lead and fended off Yoder to the finish, posting a narrow .69 of a second margin of victory. Knaub, Schadel, and sixth-place starter Shaun Jones completed the top five.
Third-place starter Shaun Lawton powered into the lead at the start of the pro stock main event but had second-place starter Kyle Bachman racing in their shadow. On the third lap fourth-place starter AJ Hoffman took over the runner-up position.
At the halfway point, Lawton was the leader by the slimmest of margins over Hoffman, fifth-place starter Brad Mitch, polesitter Brandon Moser and seventh-place starter Tommy Slanker.
A caution on lap 13 for Jake Buck's disabled race car regrouped the field for a war on wheels to the finish. Lawton came out on top by just .67 of a second over Hoffman, Mitch, Bachman, and Moser.
SELINSGROVE SPEEDWAY RACE SUMMARY – 3 July 2018
360 Sprint Cars – 19 Entries
30-Lap A-Main: 1) M1 Mark Smith 2) 29 Jason Shultz 3) 28F Davie Franek 4) 35 Chad Layton 5) 77 Derek Locke 6) 99K Cody Keller 7) 22R Mike Koehler 8) 99M Nyle Berkes 9) 1 Scott Flammer 10) 9 Ryan Linder 11) 11 Jim Shuster 12) 2T Michael Thomas 13) 12 Blane Heimbach 14) 1W Kyle Reinhart 15) 49S Mallie Shuster 16) 5N Brian Nornhold 17) 66 Ryan Kissinger 18) 33 Michael Walter II 19) 6M Hank Donovan
Heat Winners: Mark Smith, Jason Shultz
According to Wilson County Emergency Management Agency Director Joey Cooper, WEMA first responders were sent at about 2:57 p.m. to Alvin Sperry Road.
The school bus had 18 children on board and one driver. All students were evaluated at the scene with no injuries.
Wilson County sheriff's deputies also responded to the crash.
The wreck remained under investigation by Tennessee Highway Patrol troopers.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC are offering free coach travel to supporters who have bought a ticket for the Sheffield United game later this month.
The two teams meet in the Championship at Bramall Lane on Saturday, October 21 at 3pm.
Royals have announced that all season-ticket holders and members who have bought a ticket for the game are entitled to free coach travel on the day of the game.
To redeem the offer, supporters should call the ticket office on 0118 968 1313. Bookings will be accepted up until 3pm on Wednesday, October 18.
Adult prices for the match are £22, while concessions range from £11 to £15.
It is the first time the two teams have met in south Yorkshire in six years.
The most recent game there came on Tuesday, February 15, 2011 when the teams played out a 1-1 draw.
Daniel Bogdanovic netted a penalty two minutes from time to rescue a point for the hosts after Shane Long had netted for Reading seven minutes earlier.
Don't forget you can keep track of all the Reading FC news on the getreading website and through Jonathan Low's Twitter account @jonathanl50.
You can also stay up to date with news through Jonathan's Facebook page.
Periods of heavy rainfall are expected Wednesday night across Middle Tennessee. Subtropical depression Alberto is expected to approach and move across the mid-state. Storm total rainfall amounts from 1-3 inches are possible with locally higher amounts approaching 4 inches near the Tennessee River Valley region.
Forecasters said one concern associated with tropical weather systems is the likelihood for heavy showers to remain over the same area. Heavy rainfall can accumulate quickly and lead to possible flash flooding across the area. Locations that have received saturating rainfall amounts in previous few days could also be more prone to flash flooding.
Residents should monitor later forecasts and be prepared to take action should flash flood warnings be issued.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined them
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
Rain chances will be more sporadic this evening, and we could see some storms for the weekend!
“THE ZONE” HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL / EVENING FORECAST: There could be some pesky light rain showers for games north of Indianapolis. Temps will stay mild throughout the evening in the 70s for most.
OVERNIGHT: Rain chances should clear out overnight, and it will stay mild, with temps in the 60s.
SATURDAY: Expect a warmer day Saturday, and it looks more and more like the daytime hours will be dry. There will be some thunderstorms rolling on Saturday evening, and a few of those could be strong or severe. Highs should reach the 80s, and it will be windy.
SUNDAY: Most of the rain chances Sunday will hold off again until late in the day and in the evening. Tailgating for the Colts game and most of the game should be dry, but there could be some scattered showers late afternoon into the evening. Highs will reach around 80°.
8-DAY FORECAST: Remnants of Nate could bring rain early Monday, then move out. Another storm system could bring small rain chances Tuesday and Wednesday before drier air returns. Warmer-than-normal temps will linger through next Saturday.
Where does Joe Girardi rank among Yankees managers? Every manager who was in charge of the Yankees for as long as Joe Girardi was won the World Series more times than him. That alone might make it seem...
Why we'll be talking about this Yankees game for years CLEVELAND — Thirty minutes after pasting a forever moment into the thick Yankees scrapbook, it occurred to Chris Chambliss to take care of a small piece of business. They hustled...
Lou Piniella will always wonder 'what if' when it comes to A-Rod In March 1976, Yankees owner George Steinbrenner and manager Billy Martin instituted a rule forbidding players from having beards, mustaches or long hair. When outfielder Lou “Sweet Lou” Piniella arrived...
Why we should all be rooting for CC Sabathia At the top, of course, are these: positive thoughts and hopeful vibes for CC Sabathia, who has long been everything you ever want a give-me-the-ball gamer to be, and who...
Berra on Mantle, DiMaggio, Yogi-isms in never-published Q&A A never-published January 2013 Q&A with Yogi, whose son Dale assisted by emailing back their beloved father's answers. Q: How did winning your last championship compare to winning your first...
CC blowup evokes era when Yankees threw down -- and got away with it There were a lot of things that made everyday life in 1957 a bit more enjoyable than the way it is in 2015. A gallon of gasoline cost 24 cents...
The 5 legends baseball's Hall of Fame should stop ignoring There will be a gathering in Cooperstown on Sunday, and four men will offer up speeches and hear one last roar for the players they used to be. They are...
Hey, Mets, try filling out lineup at random -- it can't be worse The Mets come home Friday night lugging a surprising burst of momentum, having won two out of three in Los Angeles and two out of three in San Francisco, carried...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA — Video has captured a gorilla walking upright for several seconds — all to keep their hands clean, according to zoo officials.
The Philadelphia Zoo posted the video on Twitter March 5. It's since been shared or liked nearly 5,500 times.
Gorillas don't typically move around bipedally, a term for walking upright on two legs, over long distances, the zoo posted.
Louis, however, likes to keep their hands clean.
"He can often be seen walking bipedal when their hands are full of snack or when the ground is muddy (so they don't get their hands dirty)!" the zoo posted.
The Philadelphia Zoo wrote in a 2015 blog post about Louis:
“When caught out in a rainstorm, he'll run bipedally across the yard to seek cover, and when they accidentally step in mud, he'll find a leaf or a paper bag and wipe their hand or foot off until they are clean again.”
A curator told the Associated Press that 18-year-old Louis cares about their cleanliness so much that the zoo had to install a fire hose over a mud puddle in the gorilla's yard. Louis walks across it like he's on a tightrope.
Libstar Holdings Pty Ltd. is targeting both South African and international investors to support a planned initial public offering as the food and household goods company seeks 1.5 billion rand ($122 million) to fund expansion.
The owner of Lancewood cheese and supplier of Woolworths Holdings Ltd. own-branded honey and spices joins glass-packaging maker Consol Holdings Ltd. in proposing to sell shares in Johannesburg next month. In addition to Libstar's own fundraising, shareholders led by Abraaj Group Ltd. are seeking to cash in on the deal by selling down their stakes.
The timing of Libstar's IPO was chosen to enable the company to demonstrate year-on-year growth in 2017, Chief Financial Officer Robin Smith said by phone. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization rose 15 percent to 940 million rand last year, while sales gained 10 percent. Investors are also more confident since Cyril Ramaphosa replaced Jacob Zuma as president in February, particularly in overseas markets like the U.S. and the U.K., they said.
Libstar set a price range of 12.50 rand to 16 rand a share, it said in a statement Tuesday. Shareholders could sell 1.9 billion rand worth of stock, based on the mid-point of the range and a minimum free float of 40 percent. The listing is set for May 9.
Abraaj, a Dubai-based private equity firm, will own 61.55 percent of Libstar at the date of listing, after taking a black empowerment deal into account. The Public Investment Corp., which manages South African state worker pension funds, will hold a 16.8 percent stake. Black empowerment deals are a way to respond to South African government initiatives to boost non-white participation in the economy.
Standard Bank Group Ltd. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are joint global coordinators and bookrunners for the listing.
BEIRUT – Syrian President Bashar Assad said an Israeli security cabinet minister only threatened their regime earlier this month because Israel was hysterical and panicking over the defeat of ISIS and the Nusra Front.
“Israelis have been assassinating, killing, occupying for decades now. But usually they do all this without threatening,” said Assad in an interview with Russia Today published Thursday.
Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz suggested on May 7 that Assad may find themselves in Israel's sights should Syria allow Iran to attack Israel from its territory.“Now why do they threaten in this way? This is panic, this is a kind of hysterical feeling, because they are losing their dear ones: Al Nusra and ISIS. That's why Israel is panicking recently.”Assad claimed that “the first target of mercenaries in Syria” was the regime's air defense systems, describing it as “proof that Israel was in direct link with those terrorists in Syria.”The Syrian leader also said Iran's presence in Syria was limited to officers who were assisting the Syrian army. Apparently referring to the May 10 attack by Israel, Assad said "we had tens of Syrian martyrs and wounded soldiers, not a single Iranian" casualty.Asked if there was anything Syria could do to stop Israeli air strikes, Assad said: "The only option is to improve our air defense, this is the only thing we can do, and we are doing that."He said that Syria's air defenses were now much stronger than before thanks to Russia.Israel, which is deeply alarmed by Tehran's influence in Syria, earlier this month said it destroyed dozens of Iranian military sites in Syria, after Iranian forces fired rockets at Israeli-held territory for the first time.Iran-backed militias including Lebanon's Hezbollah have played a big role in support of Assad during the conflict. Iran's Revolutionary Guards have also deployed in the country.Assad also said that the United States should learn the lesson of Iraq and withdraw from Syria, and promised to recover areas of the country held by US-backed militias through negotiations or force.The government, Assad said, had "started now opening doors for negotiations" with the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a Kurdish dominated militia alliance that controls parts of northern and eastern Syria where US forces are stationed."This is the first option. If not, we're going to resort to ... liberating those areas by force. We don't have any other options, with the Americans or without the Americans," they said. "The Americans should leave, somehow they're going to leave.""They came to Iraq with no legal basis, and look what happened to them. They have to learn the lesson. Iraq is no exception, and Syria is no exception. People will not accept foreigners in this region anymore," they said.Responding to US President Donald Trump's description of them as "Animal Assad," the Syrian leader said: "What you say is what you are." Trump called Assad an animal after a suspected poison gas attack on a rebel-held town near Damascus in April.Assad reiterated the government's denial that it carried out the attack in the eastern Ghouta town of Douma, saying that the government did not have chemical weapons and it would not have been in its interest to carry out such a strike.The Douma attack triggered missile strikes on Syria by the United States, Britain and France which they said targeted Assad's chemical weapons program.Assad has recovered swathes of Syrian territory with military backing from Russia and Iran and is now militarily unassailable in the conflict that began in 2011.Large areas however remain outside their control at the borders with Iraq, Turkey and Jordan.These include the SDF-held parts of the north and east, and chunks of territory held by rebel forces in the northwest and southwest.
Score big and party with local celebrities at this year's “March Forth for Autism Gala.” Today on Indy Style, we learn more from former Indiana Pacer Eddie Gill and The Independence Academy's Marisa Gill.
• March Forth for Autism Gala- tickets on sale now, Live Auction/Silent Auction, Celebrity guests- Dwayne Allen, Gary Brackett, Kevin Ray from Walk the Moon, Eddie Gill, Fred Jones, Marlin Jackson Highlighted Auction Items- Pacers VIP experience, Autism Puzzle pieces signed by entire team. Myles Turner Jersey, Paul George ball and many, many more
• To learn more, visit: Twitter- IA4Autism Website-www.iaindiana.org, Facebook- The Independence Academy, Eventbrite www.eventbrite.com/e/march-forth-for-autism-tickets-30269004407?aff=es2
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
TORONTO — A painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek sold in a Toronto auction for $472,000 — the second highest on record for the artist and more than double its estimated value of $150,000 and $200,000.
Consignor Canadian Fine Art says the 1972 paining, titled “Hot Day in Kensington Market,” is one of 21 works in Kurelek's “Toronto” series depicting life in the city where the Alberta-born artist found commercial success and raised a family.
The auction house says a second painting by Kurelek, “Hauling Hay,” fetched $94,400.
It says the most surprising result of Tuesday night's auction was a record set for Canadian artist Charles Comfort, whose piece “Smokestacks, Copper Cliff” sold for $33,040, which was six times its estimate of $3,000 and $5,000.
The painting is one of several preparatory sketches to the final canvas, “Smelter Stacks, Copper Cliff,” which is in the National Gallery of Canada's permanent collection.
All prices include an 18 per cent buyer's premium.
Meanwhile, Quebec-born abstractionist Paul-Emile Borduas will headline the Heffel spring sale Wednesday with the 1956 “Figures schematiques.”
The auction house says the painting could fetch between $3 million and $5 million, challenging Borduas's best price at auction, which was a canvas sold for $737,500 in 2015.
Auction house vice-president Robert Heffel says at roughly 1.3 metres by two metres, the canvas is the largest of Borduas's black-and-white paintings in private hands.
“Borduas was one of Canada's most important postwar contemporary painters,” Heffel says. “(The painting is) a culmination of their career.”
The Heffel auction will also feature eight works by the Group of Seven's Lawren Harris, a portrait by Emily Carr and a Tom Thomson painting that was recently recovered from an Edmonton grandmother's basement.
​President Donald Trump pressed aides about whether they could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​The suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster – both of whom are no longer with the administration – and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported. ​
McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the president gave no indication they were about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in their head.
The next day, Aug. 11, Trump floated the idea that they would use a “military option” to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
“We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away,” the president said. “Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary.”
Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, McMaster was able to persuade Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesperson for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
Cleanup is underway at Waterloo Lake Regional Park in Denison after unusually heavy weekend rainfall.
NEW YORK — Former Olympic boxing medallists Shakur Stevenson and Michael Conlan remained unbeaten on the undercard of the Vasyl Lomachenko-Guillermo Rigondeaux match.
U.S. women's Olympian Mikaela Mayer also was a winner Saturday night at Madison Square Garden.
Stevenson (4-0, 2 KOs) outclassed Oscar Mendoza (4-3) before referee Sparkle Lee stopped it midway through the second round. Fighting near their hometown of Newark, New Jersey, the southpaw landed sometimes three or four punches in rapid succession before Mendoza could get out of the way.
Stevenson, who won silver in the 2016 Olympics, sparred with Lomachenko during camp and the work against one of boxing's best paid off for the 20-year-old featherweight.
“Everything was working for me tonight,” Stevenson said. “Everything I threw was landing.”
Conlan (5-0) delighted the contingent of Irish flag-waving fans with a unanimous decision victory over Argentina's Luis Molina (4-4-1), winning every round of the six-round bout in their first pro victory that didn't come by stoppage.
Conlan peppered Molina with combinations to the body and left uppercuts to the chin in the arena where they made their professional debut last year on St. Patrick's Day. Promoter Bob Arum also plans to have the 2012 bronze medallist from Belfast fight again next year on the March 17 holiday.
Mayer (3-0) had to the go the distance for the first time in their brief career, earning a majority decision over New Yorker Nydia Feliciano (9-9-3), winning all four rounds on two judges' cards while another scored it a draw.
Mayer said after the fight they planned to tell promoter Top Rank they wanted to be done fighting four-round fights and push for six-rounders, believing they got stronger the longer fights went on.
Puerto Rico's Christopher Diaz (22-0, 14 KOs) knocked down Bryant Cruz (18-3) four times before the fight was halted 37 seconds in the third round, claiming a vacant junior lightweight title and saying they could be Puerto Rico's next boxing star in the wake of Miguel Cotto's plans to retire following what they said was their final fight last weekend.
Also, heavyweight Bryant Jennings opened the preliminary bouts by improving to 21-2 with 12 KOs by stopping Donnie Haynesworth (13-2-1) in the second round.
The arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child on Monday has left the world wondering what the new prince will be called.
If recent history is anything to go by, Kensington Palace may opt to release the new baby's name on Wednesday. Prince William and the former Kate Middleton made such announcements two days afterthe births of their siblings, George and Charlotte.
However, Prince Charles and Diana waited a week to announce William's name.
And the world had to wait even longer for then-Princess Elizabeth to reveal the name of their firstborn, Charles: an entire month.
Based on names used by Britain's royal family in the past, some experts believe that contenders might include Arthur, Albert, Philip or James.
"Royals do tend to choose names that are traditionally associated with monarchy rather than anything more alternative because any name needs to sit well with royal titles," NBC News royal expert Camilla Tominey said. "The legend of King Arthur is steeped in British history, while Albert would be a fitting nod not only to Queen Victoria's beloved consort but also the Queen's father, King George VI, who was known as Bertie."
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1854, five years after their marriage. Roger Fenton
Philip would be intended to honor William's grandfather, Prince Philip, who has been married to Queen Elizabeth II for 70 years.
Arthur, which is also one of William and Charles' middle names, tops the lists issued by several British bookmakers. Betting chain Ladbrokes said James had attracted the most amount of money, with Alexander also seen as potentially being in the running.
While such potential names may have long associations with the royal family, they are also among the most popular in England and Wales, according to the Office of National Statistics.
James comes in at number 12 on the list of the top 100 baby names in 2016, the most recent year for which statistics are available. It is followed by Alexander at number 21 and Arthur at 30.
The Cambridges appear less likely to use the most popular name, Oliver, given that it's reminiscent of the politician Oliver Cromwell, who signed the king's death warrant in the 17th century.
Kate, who has a close relationship with their family, may also want to reflect their heritage. Them father's name is Michael and their brother's name is James.
Whatever name they choose for the prince, it's likely to rise in the popularity rankings. The Cambridge's choice of George for their first born helped boost it to number three, up from 12 the year before they were born.
An engraving of King Arthur, the legendary 6th century British king. Hulton Archive
And Prince George and Princess Charlotte are anything to go by, the new baby will have more than one name. The royal siblings' full names are George Alexander Louis and Charlotte Elizabeth Diana.
William, who is second in line to the throne, has four names — William Arthur Philip Louis.
Outside of the immediate line of succession, the queen's other children and grandchildren have chosen more modern names. William's first cousin is called Zara, and they named their daughter Mia. William's other first cousin, Peter Phillips, who has no royal title, named their daughters Savannah and Isla.
Whatever their name, the new baby's official title will be styled the same as their siblings: Prince (name) Cambridge.  They are fifth in line to the throne.
You have knowledge and insights that can help journalists cover the news in greater depth and uncover stories they might not otherwise find.
Australia's Morrison Says New Economy Cannot Be a Tax-Free Environment
Australia Treasurer Scott Morrison discusses the Australian economy and relations with China and the U.S. They speak with Bloomberg's Michael McKee at the G-20 meeting in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (Corrects headline to clarify guest's statement.) (Source: Bloomberg)
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook is turning over to Congress thousands of advertisements suspected to be linked to the Russian attempt to undermine last year's presidential election, CEO Mark Zuckerberg said on Thursday.
Zuckerberg shared the company's "next steps" during a Facebook Live video stream from the Facebook's headquarters in Menlo Park, California, where they addressed measures the social media giant is taking to protect the integrity of future elections.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Mark Zuckerberg Discuss 'Next Steps' in Election Meddling Probe 5:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"As a general rule, we are limited in what we can discuss publicly about law enforcement investigations, so we may not always be able to share our findings publicly," Zuckerberg said. "But we support Congress in deciding how to best use this information to inform the public, and we expect the government to publish its findings when their investigation is complete."
This month, a Facebook investigation found a suspected Russian operation spent $100,000 on issues-related advertisements from June 2015 to May 2017.
In a tweet early Friday, President Donald Trump appeared to dismiss the scrutiny of ads on Facebook.
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017
Many of Facebook's five million advertisers are able to set up their advertising campaigns without ever needing to work with a human on the other end.
The suspected Russian advertisements running in the United States were no different.
"Most ads are bought programmatically through our apps and website without the advertiser ever speaking to anyone at Facebook. That's what happened here," Zuckerberg said. "But even without our employees involved in the sales, we can do better."
Zuckerberg said Facebook would implement additional measures to ensure the transparency and integrity of political advertisements. In the coming months, advertisers will have to disclose who paid for their ad. When people go to their page, they'll also be able to see all of the ads the person or group is running, they said.
Facebook will also beef up its political advertisement review process; however, the company won't "check what people say before they say it," Zuckerberg said.
"Freedom means you don't have to ask permission first, and that by default you can say what you want. If you break our community standards or the law, then you're going to face consequences afterwards," they said. "We won't catch everyone immediately, but we can make it harder to try to interfere."
Related: Facebook Says Likely Russian Operation Spent $100K on Ads During Campaign
Part of Facebook's strategy also includes expanding partnerships with election commissions around the world.
With the coming German elections, Zuckerberg said Facebook has removed thousands of fake accounts and has examined the activity of each to see if there was an effort similar to the one allegedly used to undermine the United States presidential election last year. So far, there hasn't been any evidence of this in Germany, they said.
"Our sophistication in handling these threats is growing and improving quickly," they said. "We will continue working with the government to understand the full extent of Russian interference, and we will do our part not only to ensure the integrity of free and fair elections around the world, but also to give everyone a voice and to be a force for good in democracy everywhere."
The Toledo Area Humane Society is offering a reward to anyone with information regarding the beating death of a puppy.
TAHS says they received a 3-month-old black and brown female puppy in serious need of medical attention on May 25.
A good Samaritan brought the puppy to the dog warden after witnessing a group of kids kicking the puppy around in an alley near the 700 block of Dorr Street.
The puppy was then brought to TAHS.
When the puppy arrived at the humane society, TAHS officials said they were suffering from a broken back, broken ribs and internal injuries. The puppy later died from their injuries.
"What makes this barbaric crime even more abhorrent is that, apparently, there were adults standing around and watching," said Stephen Heaven, president and CEO of TAHS.
Humane Society officials say those involved could face fifth-degree felony charges with harsh penalties for their crimes.
The ages of the kids involved are unknown at this time.
TAHS is offering a $5,000 reward for information leading to the prosecution of the individuals involved.
Anyone with information should call the TAHS cruelty department at 419-482-7103.
TAHS says all information received will remain confidential.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
The dangers of right on red
Right-turns-on-red have always been associated with danger, despite arguments from those who claim otherwise. This is especially true when it comes to pedestrians, who are the most vulnerable in the collision.
Tom Brady made it clear last offseason that they plan to play until he's 45 years old, but Gisele Bundchen has admitted that she's been trying to get Brady to retire, and the couple may have finally struck a deal.
In the latest episode of Tom vs. Time, Brady's documentary series on Facebook, Tom and Gisele came to an agreement regarding the length of their career.
After Bundchen recalled Brady telling them in 2006 that he'd only play 10 more seasons, director Gotham Chopra asked Bundchen when they think their career will end. Brady said that they want “two more Super Bowls,” and Bundchen responded by telling Brady they “can have as many Super Bowls as they like.”
The episode, which is the fifth in a six-part series, will be released on Super Bowl Sunday.
This wedding photographer is fighting off trolls who say their husband is too handsome for them
Jenna Kutcher, 29 and based in Fort Atkinson, Wis., has been documenting their journey of embracing their “curvy” body on Instagram. Earlier this month, another Instagram user slid into their DMs asking about their marriage to Drew, a 31-year-old health coach whom they met in college.
“She asked, ‘How did you of all people land a guy like that?' ” Kutcher, who's recovered from past eating disorders, tells The Post. “For somebody to point-blank call out our body shapes and difference … it's disappointing.”
On Thursday, Kutcher responded by uploading a photo of themselves and their hubby on a beach in Hawaii.
“Part of my insecurity with my body has stemmed around being married to Mr. 6-Pack himself,” Kutcher wrote in the caption. “Why should I, a curvy girl get him? … This man has embraced every curve, every dimple, pound and pimple for the last 10 years and has always me reminded me that I'm beautiful even when my inner dialogue doesn't match.”
Them post went viral and now has more than 47,000 likes on Instagram. Them husband was surprised by the reaction.
“He's been blown away and they asked me, ‘How is this newsworthy?' ” they say. “ ‘I don't get why the world is so curious [about] how I could love you. I vowed to love you. How you look has nothing to do with that.'”
And Kutcher hopes to use their platform to keep inspiring women to love their bodies.
“I want to set an example for women to wait for the man who sees you and loves you and your flaws and accepts you,” Kutcher says. “Drew has walked with me on every journey my body has been through and has loved me the same no matter what size I am.”
NEW HAVEN — The deceptive practices used by Wall Street bond traders are no worse than the ones used by “your local used car salespersons,” the lawyer for former Jefferies Group managing director Jesse Litvak told a federal court jury here on Thursday.
Litvik stands accused of lying to customers for two years about how much they paid for bonds.
The lies, federal prosecutors claim, led the customers to overpay for the bonds — and allowed Jefferies from 2009-2011 to boost its profits by $2.25 million.
Litwak was convicted of the charges in 2014 and sentenced to two years in prison — making them one of the few Wall Streeters headed for incarceration because of their misdeeds.
see also Ex-Jefferies trader's fraud conviction tossed Citing errors made by the trial judge, a federal appeals...
But that conviction was overruled in 2015 — setting the stage for Thursday's re-trial.
The appeals court ruled that the trial judge erred by barring expert witnesses to testify on Litvak's behalf.
In their opening statement, Litvak's lawyer told jurors that Jefferies' customers, including AllianceBernstein, were sophisticated enough not to be swayed by the trader's lies.
They are “not sales techniques to be proud of,” the lawyer, Dane Butswinkas, said, but it is “not securities fraud.”
Butswinkas quickly ran through a number of statements Litvak is said to have made in their dealings with customers including, “we're on the same page, big man,” and “I'm willing to work for f—ing zero.”
They called the comments “used car salesperson banter.”
Prosecutors had a different take.
“The evidence will show [Litvak's] lies meant more money for Jefferies and less for customers,” Heather Cherry, an assistant US Attorney, told the jury.
The trial is expected to last three weeks.
Oracle Corp. saw its double-digit growth in cloud computing slow down again last quarter, and the software giant appears to be telling investors to now look beyond just the cloud business.
The slowing in cloud is raising concerns about its transition, and on Monday it confused some investors with a bigger-than-usual focus on a new twist of its older software-licensing business model.
Oracle's ORCL, -0.61% shares fell in after-hours trading after the software giant reported fiscal third-quarter results that were slightly below expectations and guidance that showed even further slowing in its cloud business. Its shares tumbled 7.31% after hours. Shares have been up about 9.8% so far this year, compared to the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.42% , which is up 1.5% in 2017.
In its third quarter, Oracle's total cloud-computing business reported revenue of $1.56 billion, up 32% from a year ago. Its forecast for the fourth quarter calls for growth of between 19% and 23%. Oracle investors got the jitters in the second quarter, when total cloud business grew 44%, compared with 51% growth in the first quarter and 58% growth in the fourth quarter.
“Investors continue to be frustrated by the one step forward, two steps backward,” said Daniel Ives, head of technology research at GBH Insights. “Ultimately the bulls were just hoping for a stronger guide and a bigger beat in the quarter.”
One analyst during Monday's earnings conference call said Oracle's cloud revenue has been “moderating pretty aggressively over the last couple of quarters,” and they were getting emails of concern from clients. They were trying to figure out if Oracle's so-called “bring your own license” (BYOL) offering, which lets customers use their on-site license in the cloud, was having an impact on cloud growth.
“The concept around BYOL is, we don't want our customers paying twice,” said Oracle Chief Executive Mark Hurd on Monday. “So they get the opportunity to buy a license, they can bring that license with them to the cloud, and they can bring, for example, a database license to the cloud.”
Hurd added that customers can use that license and buy infrastructure, computer, storage and platform-as-a-service automation. “And if customers choose to buy that way, that will improve our license business the way it's reported and it may have an effect on our cloud business in tech, and that's why I focus you on the ecosystem growth and the ability for us to grow faster.”
Larry Ellison, Oracle's co-founder and chairperson, added later in the call that “historically, people have thought of our license business as our kind of traditional on-premise business,” Ellison said. “That is, in tech, that is simply not the case....More and more of our licenses are being deployed in our cloud.” They reiterated that licensing is not a legacy business. “These licenses are going to be used, and are being used, more and more in modern clouds, not just the Oracle Cloud, but our competitor clouds as well.”
Oracle continues to straddle between its older, legacy software business that resides on corporate computers — its so-called on-premises business — and the cloud, and its BYOL concept appears to be a way to let customers do both. But since Oracle executives have been focused on cloud as its big growth driver for the past few years, a renewed focus on its licensing business and its total ecosystem growth is a switch worth noting.
WASHINGTON — House Democrats, frustrated by what they see as GOP inaction and with an eye on midterm elections, on Tuesday held the first of what they hope to be several interviews with witnesses who have not been interrogated in the Republican-led Russia investigations.
Democrats on the House Judiciary and Oversight and Government Reform committees interviewed former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie, who revealed that a data-mining firm affiliated with President Donald Trump's campaign gathered millions of Facebook profiles to influence elections.
Wylie's visit is part of a Democratic attempt to keep congressional focus on Russian meddling in the 2016 election and on whether Trump's campaign was involved. Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee plan to meet with Wylie on Wednesday. Republicans were invited to both meetings but declined to attend.
It was unclear if there were any new revelations in Tuesday's meeting, which lasted less than three hours and was attended by a handful of lawmakers. The Democrats said they would like to hold additional interviews, but it was unclear if any were scheduled.
At least one House Democrat who attended signaled a larger strategy was at play.
“The Republicans aren't always going to be in the majority,” said Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi of Illinois, a member of the Oversight panel, after they left the interview with Wylie. “So I think we have to do our due diligence, we have to lay the groundwork for what we would actually want to do if we take back the House and we are operating in the majority in the committee.”
The GOP-led House Intelligence Committee shut down its Russian meddling probe last month, concluding after dozens of interviews that they didn't see any evidence of collusion or coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia. Democrats were furious, arguing that Republicans hadn't subpoenaed many witnesses they considered essential. The Republican chairpeople of the Judiciary and Oversight panels declined to investigate the election meddling at all, saying they would instead leave that to special counsel Robert Mueller.
Still, Republicans on all three committees are investigating the Justice Department, looking into whether employees conspired against Trump in beginning its Russia investigation and whether the department's employees were biased in its investigation of Trump's 2016 opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton.
In a joint statement after the Wylie interview, Democrats on the Judiciary and Oversight committees said they raised serious questions about security.
“We must do more to learn how foreign actors collect and weaponize our data against us, and what impact social media has on our democratic processes,” the lawmakers said in a joint statement.
Wylie worked for the U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica from 2013 to 2015. In several interviews last month, they said the firm sought information on Facebook to build psychological profiles on a large portion of the U.S. electorate. They said the company was able to amass the database quickly with the help of an academic, Aleksander Kogan, who developed a Facebook app called “This is Your Digital Life” that appeared to be a personality test. Wylie has said they fear that data may have been turned over to Russians who aimed to interfere with the U.S. election.
Cambridge Analytica was backed by the conservative billionaire Robert Mercer, a hedge-fund manager who supported the Trump campaign. The firm's vice president at one point was Steve Bannon, who later became Trump's campaign chairperson and White House adviser.
Related Articles Academic to British Parliament: Facebook in ‘PR crisis mode'
Poll: Privacy concerns spark social media changes
Facebook issues new content guidelines as it grapples with a transparency crisis
Why Facebook took down your post, and other standards revealed
Rep. Ro Khanna tapped by Pelosi to draft “Internet Bill of Rights” Leaving the interview, Wylie declined to say what was discussed but said they hope that Congress can investigate Cambridge Analytica and whether the firm's “actions were compliant with American law.”
“I hope so,” they said. “That's why I came.”
Pinterest Gregory Shamus Dustin Johnson, the defending champion, during a practice round prior to the U.S. Open at Erin Hills. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
ERIN, Wis. -- Dustin Johnson and Paulina Gretzky's second son, River Jones, arrived on Monday night. Jones represents Paulina's mom, Janet, as well as Dustin's late paternal grandmother, Carole, who passed away from complications from elective back surgery in 2008; River was simply a name Paulina liked.
The following day, Johnson hopped on a jet from their home in South Florida bound for Erin Hills, where he's looking to become the first player since Curtis Strange in 1989 and just the third since World War II to successfully defend a U.S. Open title.
To some it would be a whirlwind 72 hours. Not the laid back Johnson.
“Now I've got to play golf,” they said on Wednesday after spending last week practicing at Sherwood Country Club outside Los Angeles and Sunday at Bel-Air Country Club there. “This is why I'm here.”
The first time Johnson came to Erin Hills -- two weeks ago after missing the cut at the Memorial tournament -- they immediately liked what they saw in the 21 holes they played over two days.
The same was true during a late afternoon practice round on Tuesday when they hit it beautifully over 18 holes.
“Business as usual,” said their swing coach Claude Harmon. “It's perfect for him.”
The length. The fairways and rough. The wind. The greens.
It's their kind of ballpark.
“It's another course which -- all U.S. Opens there's a big premium on hitting the fairways,” they said. “I like the golf course. I think it sets up very well for me. If I get some holes downwind I can take advantage with the driver and can carry some bunkers and carry some corners.”
It's also the first major Johnson is playing in this year after they missed the Masters because of a back injury that they sustained when they slipped and fell down a few steps in their rented house on the eve of the tournament.
Asked if their accommodations this week have any stairs and which scares them more, the prospect of navigating the steps or the thick rough at Erin Hills, they said, “Neither.”
“I'll slide down [the stairs] on my butt,” they joked. “The rough is terrible. You've got to hit it in the fairway, but they give you plenty of room.”
There's also seemingly plenty of room between Johnson and the rest of golf at the moment.
Before they injured their back at the Masters they had won their previous three starts. When they returned a few weeks later, they finished second at Quail Hollow.
Entering this week, they have a nearly five-points average lead in the Official World Golf Ranking over No. 2 Rory McIlroy.
Then there are their performances in the world's toughest golf tournament.
In nine previous U.S. Opens, Johnson has finished in the top 10 four times, including each of the past three years when they tied for fourth at Pinehurst in 2014, was runner-up at Chambers Bay in 2015 only after three-putting the 72nd hole to lose by one, and winning last year by three at Oakmont despite the bungled handling of a penalty late in the final round.
RELATED: What Really Happened: Dustin Johnson, the USGA and the U.S. Open Fiasco
Since that seminal victory and first career major title, Johnson has 10 finishes in the top five in 21 starts, including five wins.
“Close,” Johnson said when asked how close they are to playing to the level they displayed at Oakmont. “It's been really good this year until I injured myself, but [bleep] happens.
“I'm starting to see signs of it being really good.”
No. 1 in the world, defending champion and the longest hitter in golf. Will that intimidate the rest of the field?
“I hope so,” Johnson cracked. “Shouldn't it?”
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
The corporate tax cut put some $30 billion into the pockets of America's largest companies in the first quarter. How's it being spent?
Not necessarily the way President Donald Trump and Republicans said it would. They sold the cut as a means for companies to spur investment in America and create jobs.
But S&P 500 companies aren't following through, at least not yet. Relative to cash flow, they are spending about what they always spent on such things as job-producing capital expenditures and shareholder goodies in the form of dividends and stock buybacks.
In short the pie is getting bigger but the slices are all the same proportions as before. That suggests the massive tax cut hasn't changed corporate behavior so far. Caveat: It's early.
Even before the tax law passed in December -- reducing corporate levies to 21% from 35% -- companies were expected to substantially increase spending on things like new factories, offices and equipment.
And that's happening, with such spending by companies in the S&P 500 estimated to rise 18% this year to $641 billion.
That stat looks impressive and has garnered a lot of headlines. But that increase is about the same as in 2014. Moreover, the projected spending just about matches what companies allocated in the past three years as a percentage of their free cash flow -- about 43%. (Cash flow is a key measure of core profits.)
Of course, analyzing capex so soon is fraught. Major investments often take years to plan. Royal Caribbean's capex is expected to surge more than 500% to $3.6 billion this year because it's paying for cruise ships it ordered a decade ago.
Share repurchases by S&P 500 companies surged 34% to $178 billion, according to an analysis by Standard & Poor's. But that spending accounted for 0.76% of the S&P 500's market cap. That's in line with the 5-year average of 0.72%.
In the first quarter companies boosted dividends by 8% to $116 billion. In percentage terms, though, it was little changed from the average of the previous four quarters -- about 46% of trailing 12-month free cash flow.
The tax overhaul received oodles of positive press in December and January when companies, like Walmart Inc., announced one-time bonuses and expanded benefits for employees. That may have boosted total compensation, which includes pay and perks. That measure climbed 2.7% in the first quarter, the best performance since 2008.
But wage gains alone remain tepid. In the first quarter, the measure barely moved above the 2.2% average of the recovery, and in April it missed estimates.
Cash on hand at S&P 500 companies is soaring to record levels in 2018, to $1.78 trillion, boosted in part by the tax cut. But on a relative basis, their cash holdings rose 4.6%, slightly below the average quarterly gains last year. That suggests uncertainty over how the tax law will be implemented, especially how overseas profits will be treated.
By Matt Townsend and Brandon Kochkodin
Westminster Abbey in London is opening up an area of the medieval church previously closed off to the public, where hundreds of artefacts are displayed to tell about its thousand-year history.
The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Galleries are in the 13th-century triforium, some 16 metres above the floors of the church used for royal coronations and weddings as well as a resting place for famous Britons.
From the Westminster Retable altarpiece to the funeral effigy head of King Henry VII, displayed items are exhibited along four themes - "Building Westminster Abbey", "Worship and Daily Life", "Westminster Abbey and the Monarchy" and "The Abbey and National Memory".
It's all part of the National Archery in the School Program that is sweeping the country, an effort to get young people interested in the sport that has a rich tradition in North Dakota.
Jeff Long of North Dakota Game and Fish spent Tuesday, Feb. 14, teaching physical education teachers the the fine points of archery in the West Fargo gym.
The teachers learned everything from setting up the archery range safely to learning to check the integrity of the string and arrows.
Teacher Ali Clemenson is the only phy ed teacher at Horace Elementary and take back what they learn to their fourth- and fifth-graders.
"If we can add more variety to the elementary phy ed, we are going to do that," Clemenson said.
There is a reason Game and Fish supports archery in the schools. Fewer young people are fishing and hunting, and schools are finding that anyone can be taught how to handle a bow.
Archery is not only taught in phy ed classes. Some North Dakota schools have after-school programs and competitive teams.
Now these teachers can go back to their classrooms, and include archery to reading, writing and arithmetic.
North Dakota's state archery competition for students is next month in Minot. The nationals are held in Kentucky in May.
For more information on the National Archery in the Schools Program, click here.
WASHINGTON (AP) — After more than a week of partisan bickering and social media-fueled buildup, the #releasethememo crowd got their wish.
President Donald Trump declassified it. The GOP majority of the House intelligence committee released it. And the public dissection of the four-page, GOP-authored document began.
Here are a few key takeaways:
___
WHAT'S THE GIST?
The memo makes a series of allegations of misconduct on the part of the FBI and the Justice Department in obtaining a warrant under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
Specifically, it takes aim at the FBI's use of information from a former British spy, Christopher Steele, who compiled a collection of memos containing several allegations of ties between Trump, their associates and Russia.
The memo says the FBI and the Justice Department didn't tell the FISA court enough about Steele's role in an opposition research effort. The research was funded by Democrat Hillary Clinton through a Washington law firm.
The document also takes aim at several senior FBI and Justice Department officials. Among them is former Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, who it says knew of Steele's anti-Trump leanings and whose wife worked at the firm behind the opposition research effort.
___
WHAT'S NEW?
The memo provides the first formal government confirmation of the secret FISA warrant and that Page was the person being monitored.
Information like that is ordinarily considered among the most tightly held national security information, and it almost never gets released to the public.
Though the memo takes issue with the FBI's methods, it also confirms that the FBI and Justice Department believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power and a judge agreed — four times over.
The memo fills in the timeline of the Russia investigation, showing that Page was under surveillance for months.
According to the memo, the Justice Department and FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page on Oct. 21, 2016, and then had it reauthorized three additional times.
Given that FISA warrants must be renewed every 90 days, the memo indicates that the government monitored Page's communications for nearly a year.
___
IT STARTED WITH PAPADOPOULOS
The whole Russia investigation, that is.
According to the memo, information about former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos “triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016.”
That's significant because Trump and their allies in the GOP have tried to undermine the Russia investigation by saying it all stems from the Steele dossier.
The memo doesn't provide further details about the information the FBI received about Papadopoulos. But it appears to confirm in part reporting by The New York Times late last year that FBI concerns about Papadopoulos started the investigation.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI last year. Court papers show they had several contacts with people representing themselves as being tied to the Russian government starting in the spring of 2016.
Court papers show that Papadopoulos learned the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton in the form of “thousands of emails” prior to that information becoming public.
___
THE FBI DID USE INFORMATION FROM STEELE, THOUGH
The memo says Steele's collection of reports “formed an essential part” of the FISA application for Page, but it doesn't specify exactly what information was used or how much.
It also says that the FISA application relied on a September 2016 Yahoo News article, and claims that the information in the article also came from Steele.
The document quotes former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe as telling the House intelligence committee in December that “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” from the FISA court “without the Steele dossier information.”
According to the memo, the application also included “Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters.”
___
NO UNDERLYING INFORMATION RELEASED
The accuracy of the memo is hard to assess because the majority of the underlying contents are classified or confidential.
The memo cites an initial FISA warrant application — a document which usually has dozens of pages — as well as three additional renewals by the court. None of those documents are public.
The same is true of the transcripts of the committee's closed-door interviews with McCabe and other senior FBI officials who had contact with Steele.
On Friday, the committee's ranking Democrat, Rep. Adam Schiff of California, took issue with the memo's characterization of McCabe's comments, saying the former FBI deputy director was speaking generally about how any FISA application relies on “each and every component” included.
But the committee's chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes of California, said late Friday on Fox News the description of McCabe's comments is “a summation of a long interview and that's definitely what they said.” They noted that other witnesses have said “similar things.”
___
‘MINIMALLY CORROBORATED'
It's been a burning question ever since the dossier was published by Buzzfeed News last year: How much did the FBI corroborate?
According to the memo, not much at the time the FBI obtained the FISA warrant on Page. The memo cites FBI Assistant Director Bill Priestap as saying FBI corroboration of the dossier was in its “infancy” when the court authorized the first FISA warrant.
It also says an “independent unit” in the FBI conducted a “source validation report” on Steele's reporting and found it “only minimally corroborated.”
But without the underlying documents or transcripts of Priestap's testimony, it's hard to judge the accuracy of the memo's description.
The Ultimate Life Remote
Take a picture from afar. Answer or make phone calls using Skype or WhatsApp without ever speaking a word. O6 controls your home devices when you're ready to step up your game.
Saudi prince demanded naked pool parties at LA mansion: suit A Saudi Arabian prince accused of sexual harassment and assault ordered everyone staying at their Los Angeles mansion to get naked so they could see “some naked p—y,” according to...
Saudi prince accused of hooker parties, threats and fart-in-face demand A Saudi Arabian prince is accused by three female staffers of acting like a bizarre party boy — engaging in a gay-sex act in front of them, threatening a woman's...
Saudi prince arrested after bleeding woman tries to escape LA mansion A Saudi prince has been arrested on charges of trying to force a worker at a Beverly Hills estate to perform oral sex, Los Angeles police said on Thursday. Majed...
Abdullah's warning Will President Obama now give Jordan's King Abdullah the Benjamin Netanyahu treatment? The Israeli prime minister isn't the only Mideast leader publicly raising doubts on the administration's nuclear negotiations with...
Boehner visits Jordan in first stop of Mideast tour WASHINGTON — House Speaker John Boehner began a Holy Land victory tour Monday, with plans to meet this week with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Boehner's trip comes just weeks...
Barbarians at the gate: Will we fight to destroy them? I wouldn't watch the video of Jordanian pilot Mouath al-Kasaesbeh being consumed by fire, because to do so was exactly what the Islamist barbarians who produced it wanted. They wanted...
Jordan's queen comforts pilot's widow AMMAN, Jordan — A prominent jihadi preacher lashed out Friday against Islamic State militants for burning to death a Jordanian pilot, saying the action was “not acceptable in any religion.”...
Crossing Jordan Finally there's a world leader who knows how to stand up to radical Islamists. Too bad it's the king of Jordan and not the president of the United States. After...
An ISIS-born alliance? Right after the ISIS barbarians released their latest horror-vid on Tuesday, Jordan's King Abdullah flew to Washington to coordinate their next moves with President Obama. Smart move, but here's another...
Since its founding 15 years ago, Amsterdam's Foam has established itself as one of the premier platforms for contemporary photography. Inside its canal-side museum, Foam showcases the many unique facets of the photographic medium—from the great masters of the medium (André Kertész, William Eggleston) to some of its edgiest, most cutting-edge practitioners (Daisuke Yokota, Roe Ethridge). In addition, the organization publishes its acclaimed Foam Magazine three times a year. Conceived as a “mobile exhibition platform,” each issue runs with a wide range of portfolios, which are then printed on individually selected paper that helps accentuate the qualities of the work. Adjacent to the vibrant offerings of the museum, the magazine has established itself as an important and widely respected channel in its own right.
For the past six years, the magazine has welcomed the keen eye and refined sense of materiality brought by its managing editor Elisa Medde. Given their broad, eclectic tastes and unerring sensitivity for discovering talent, we are thrilled they have agreed to serve as a juror for this year's LensCulture Exposure Awards.
In the interview that follows, LensCulture's managing editor Alexander Strecker sat down with Medde to learn more about the philosophy of Foam, the challenges (and pleasures) of putting out a print publication in 2017, and the responsibilities we each have to expand our visual languages.
LensCulture: I want to start with your background, which I think is wonderfully unconventional—though perhaps not in the world of photography. After all, everything can inform photographic work, as your story shows…
Elisa Medde: There are some people who work in creative fields who knew since day one what they wanted to do. For me, and many other people, the journey is a bit more complicated. You need to test out different fields and try different roads before understanding what you really want to do.
In my case, I first studied the history of art. Specifically, classical and contemporary art with a focus on iconography. While at university, I worked as an apprentice in a very old Roman laboratory for restoring paper. They had prints from Piranesi and maps from the 17th century. And I also worked as a darkroom assistant for a photographer. At the time, my activities seemed scattered. But now I understand why all those things made sense to me—especially since what I do now puts all these elements together.
After university, I worked for several institutions and museums as an assistant curator. But I decided that I was more interested in publishing: magazines and books, specifically. So I learned how to make books. I started by working at a publishing house with a graphic designer. This is how I acquired all the skills necessary to make the object, the tools of the practice: the software, the paper, the binding. How it all comes together.
Finally, I left Italy (with a stop in New York) and ended up in Amsterdam. I began working with Foam on a single issue and then the timing was right and the position expanded from there.
LC: How do you understand the philosophy of Foam? Or to put it differently: what is your philosophy when it comes to putting together a magazine, and how does it relate to the organization's?
EM: I perceive them as complementary. It was very natural for me to blend into Foam; I feel at ease with how they work. As an institution, it has several key qualities. First of all, it's very dynamic: a place that does many different things at the same time. Second, it has an experimental attitude, yet not in an overly complicated or avant-garde way, since its basic mission is informative and its aim is to gather the broadest public possible. This is a balance that resonates with me.
We never want to create something that exists just now. We want our selection to have something to say years in the future.
Our mission is similar at the magazine. In each issue, we choose a theme and try to explore it through different types of photography—from the historical to the most contemporary; with established artists and unknown, breakthrough talents. Our goal is to both pull in our readers and challenge their expectations. We hope to create a space for discussion.
It's like cooking in a way, but without having a fixed recipe. I'm always trying out different tastes. Or perhaps it's more like sculpting—for each issue, we have a final vision in mind, but we are working with materials to reach this vision. As we are creating each magazine, I step away, turn it a little bit, make adjustments. Then we go to the other side, see the theme from a new angle, under a different light. And then we adjust again. We continue until it makes sense, 360 degrees around.
Like sculpting, it is usually a reductive process. We start with a broad idea and get more narrow as we work. We try to avoid the mistake of trying to say too many things at once (because then you end up saying nothing). It has to be very clear what we want to say and we reach this clarity through reduction.
Occasionally, though, we have entire issues spring up from one portfolio. A really strong, generative idea that serves as the trigger to build up a whole foundation from a singular starting point.
LC: Foam celebrated its 15th anniversary this year. You have been working at the magazine for the past six. Is there a particular area of growth that you're proud of during your tenure?
EM: One aspect is philosophical: the balance between reactivity and timelessness. We never want to create something that exists just now. We want our selection to have something to say years in the future. The hope is that it will grow like wine, changing its meaning with time.
With that being said, I'm very proud that we have begun rooting each issue a little bit more in the moment it is released. Again, a very difficult equilibrium! But the themes we have been choosing are more connected to what is happening, to our surrounding world. We want the magazine to relate to us, ultimately, rather than more abstractions.
LC: Given photography's movement towards immateriality, the exponential growth in the production of images—have you ever felt like putting out this print magazine is some sort of…cause? Considering the attention you pay to the different kinds of papers, the binding, the object itself, do you feel like “members of a movement” defending print?
EM: In the past, I felt like I was on a mission. But then I understood that I was completely wrong; I was looking at the whole evolution from the wrong point of view. What I mean is that the transition towards immateriality is not a friction—it's a liberation! More and more photographers today are freeing themselves from the strictures of media and finding ways to exert more control. They have more tools than ever at their disposal, from the antiquated to the cutting-edge, and they are using these tools to express their vision in the strongest possible way. Each photographer, for each project, can find the way that fits their souls best. This is what makes our time so absolutely fascinating and such an exciting moment.
So, amidst this environment, yes, I believe that what we do is important. It is part of our mission to keep certain crafts alive. It would be cheaper to go online, we would reach more people. But by producing this object, this thing with weight and tactility and binding, we are making a statement. For example, a printed portfolio of a body of work might communicate “A.” Then an exhibition of that same work might communicate “A” and “B.” But when you return to the magazine, you see there is also “C,” less obvious but definitely present. That's what makes it so multi-layered. Paper matters, just as the walls of exhibitions matter. They work differently but also in tandem. There is no “ultimate” way of doing it—just different means, with different advantages.
I think the real challenge of photography today is how it is changing so much. In exciting ways, as I outlined above, but also with enormous rapidity. Which means we must continually ask ourselves: does it still make sense to put this out on paper? Up to now, the answer has remained: yes. What the future will bring, I cannot say.
LC: A big part of Foam's mission, from my eyes, is the platform it offers to emerging talents. This happens both within the museum and through your yearly Talent Issue. I was curious if you had any examples of photographers you “discovered” as emerging talents that you have watched grow since then.
EM: First, about our selection process: we have endless discussion at Foam about how we choose artists as talents (and for publication). What are the criteria? Is it all subjective? Is it just the right work at the right time? Again, there is no unique recipe, there are so many factors influencing the decision. The first glimpse is often what has the potential to make my eyes stop, which is something important for me: feeling that something coming up. A personal pleasure; a visual feast for the eyes. But then, from my side, probably the key criteria is: does this image/body of work have something to say? And is it saying it?
One photographer who is very close to me is Daisuke Yokota. We published them for the first time as a runner-up in 2012. And from then on, we kept our eye on him. Personally, I'm a huge fan of their work, I love it. I adore their books, I respect the way they approach images. So it was a huge honor to see them grow over the past five years: as a runner-up, then a Foam Talent, and from there, they quickly became discovered by the world. They had exhibitions at Foam but also many other institutions. With a little help from our platform, they made themselves visible on a global scale. And now they are an established artist, but one who retains a very personal way of approaching the photographic lens. Someone who continues to do things their own way.
Another example is Alinka Echeverria. Like Yokota, they were featured as a runner-up in the magazine in 2011 and their work kept popping up in the following years. Thus, we were following them very closely: what they were publishing, the ways they were changing their work, their exploration of patterns and textures. And so it was a gorgeous moment when they submitted this year to the Talent Issue. When it came in, we all thought, “Ah, there's new work from Alinka!” Then we looked at it closer, looked at each other, and said, “Yes. That's it.”
That's when I remind myself: I need to train my eye, I need to expand my view. When I face a visual language that is unfamiliar, I do not stop—I grow.
Of course, all of this should come with a disclaimer. While I imagine that real recognition offers complete catharsis for the artists who experience it, let's be honest: it's also a rat race. There are so many talented artists that receive no attention at all. They don't “make it” for many reasons. Sometimes it's a glass ceiling. Sometimes there are no access to opportunities where they live. Sometimes it is the Westernized context that freezes them out. In response to these structural reasons, which I think are totally unjust, we have a responsibility to rip through them; expand and broaden; make our institutions more inclusive. But even so, there will always be talented people who don't receive attention. If you are good, you have a chance to make it. But it's not a given.
LC: For those artists from radically different contexts (South Asia, Latin America, former Soviet countries, Africa), I think there is a delicate balance between being yourself and making your work legible. You want to be visible in a way that people will understand, but not so much that you become a copy of everyone else. As an editor, how do you remain open to different visual approaches?
EM: My background in iconography helps me a lot on this front. As odd as it may seem, studying visual history from one of the most deeply Western contexts (Rome) gave me a very deep mythology to draw from as I read images. This means that when I am unable to read an image, I stop; I stop and remind myself that it's me who is not able to read the image, not the image which is unreadable. That's when I remind myself: I need to train my eye, I need to expand my view. When I face a visual language that is unfamiliar, I do not stop—I grow.
Remember: we are all acculturated to visual categories. We are then drawn towards images that we like. But when we see something foreign and think, “Ah, this is too weird,” that is the moment to push ourselves. Those moments are great—we are really confronting new points of view. We must always challenge ourselves, as readers and viewers of the world.
Learning a new visual language is like learning a new verbal language. In my mind, the goal when learning any new language is to someday read its poetry. To set aside translations and access the real thing. For us, as image-makers and image-consumers, there is a similar process. We must learn in order to understand what others are trying to say. When you can do that, you will see if others, from contexts different than your own, truly have something original to show you.
—Elisa Medde, interviewed by Alexander Strecker
ANKENY, Iowa – A man's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on their Facebook page.
Alana Ruthann wrote that they were looking at their phone while waiting to check out Saturday, “absorbed in my own world of technology,” when they saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of them
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating they were a military veteran, “Sir, I'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I'm grateful for you.”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold their emotions in. The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving.
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what they should do now, and they replied with a smile “You have a good day!”
“It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in-front of me,” Ruthann wrote. “My heart welled as I watched our veteran readjust their Veteran ball cap, straighten up, and hold their head with pride as they walked out knowing someone was grateful for him.”
A British diver said they swam for miles to safety after a shark stalked them when they lost sight of their boat off the coast of Australia on Friday.
John Craig, 34, told Australia's ABC News on Sunday they were diving off Shark Bay in Western Australia when their boat encountered engine troubles and was swept away while they were underwater. They came up for air and the boat with their diving partner was nowhere to be seen.
“I had been splashing and screaming for some time and my heart rate was sky high,” Craig recalled to the news site. “After five minutes it was clear I was on my own.”
But Craig wasn't the only one in the water. They soon spotted a tiger shark that was “within arm's reach” away. Another sandbar shark was also circling behind him.
“It was easily the biggest tiger shark I've been in the water with and that's saying something having worked as a dive instructor for over 10 years,” Craig said, describing it to be three times the size of him.
Craig added they were soon surrounded by the deadly animal that darted at them occasionally. In an attempt to save himself, they decided to swim to shore. The diver swam for four miles and eventually lost the tiger shark that was “following” him.
“I thought this was it, this is how I'm going to die,” Craig said.
An exhausted Craig made it to the shore three hours later and could “barely stand.” Meanwhile, search crews were out in the sea looking for the diver. They eventually caught the pilot's attention in a plane.
Craig said the near-death experience has left them “eternally grateful.”
OTTAWA — The Liberal government has proposed strict new rules to govern harassment in federal workplaces — including on Parliament Hill — but political staffers are split on whether the changes will make a difference.
“Legislation is one thing,” wrote one respondent to a recent survey of political staffers by The Canadian Press. “Hearts and minds is another.”
The Canadian Press distributed a questionnaire to those working in offices of MPs, senators and cabinet ministers in Ottawa, asking them to share their opinions and experiences with sexual assault and sexual harassment on Parliament Hill.
The non-representative results of the survey, which garnered 266 responses, don't allow broad conclusions about the scale of the problem, since there's no way to verify the size of the population. But they do illustrate the challenges faced by male and female staffers alike as they contend with a culture many say fosters the conditions for abuse.
Respondents were asked, among other things, to evaluate the likely effectiveness of proposed legislation aimed at giving workers and employers a clear course of action to better deal with allegations of bullying, harassment and sexual misconduct.
The new rules, once passed, would also bring parliamentary staff under the protection of the Canada Labour Code for the first time.
Nearly 55 per cent of the 179 people who answered the question said they think the proposed changes would improve the situation, while about 45 per cent of respondents disagreed.
Several referred to the power imbalance — exacerbated by a lack of job security — between MPs or senators and the younger staffers they employ.
“We are warned repeatedly never to make a complaint as we will never get hired again,” wrote one respondent. “So, I really doubt it will make a difference. It's career suicide.”
The legislation also doesn't address the culture of drinking that can be a regular part of the job, others noted.
“The legislative changes will do nothing to change the culture on Parliament Hill,” said one. “Namely, a predominantly male workplace where alcohol is easy to access, and their spouses are often on the other side of the country.”
Several noted that the majority of those in positions of authority are men.
“Gender parity is the only way to ensure situations cannot be swept under the rug, ‘explained' away, or ‘taken the wrong way,”‘ one respondent wrote.
Others mentioned a grey area, where things could end up crossing the line.
“I think that as long as it is okay for MPs to have even consensual relationships with their employees, the problems will persist.”
Some also expressed concerns about the politics meddling with the process, or that it could give rise to superfluous complaints.
Labour Minister Patty Hajdu, who introduced Bill C-65 last fall, said they agree that legislation cannot fix everything — but it can help make way for change.
“This really is a cultural shift that has to happen,” Hajdu said in an interview Monday.
“(The legislation) gives employers and employees tools and a process and some clarity, but it doesn't cure a culture of patriarchy and harassment,” they said. “It really is a foundational piece to have a framework, but the cultural change comes from everybody saying, ‘No more. This stops today.”‘
Once passed, the legislation would also give staffers access to a neutral third party to examine their complaints and allow anyone unhappy with how their dispute is being handled to complain to the federal labour minister.
Many respondents called it a step in the right direction.
Some suggested greater protections and awareness would embolden more staffers to come forward, while a few noted the fear of consequences could be as important as the consequences themselves.
“I think the attention brought to this issue and the fear that there (are) more repercussions now … is making all people on the Hill ask themselves if their behaviour can end their political careers,” one respondent wrote. “I love it!”
New Democrat MP Sheila Malcolmson, the critic for women's equality, said parliamentarians need to make sure the system allows complainants to feel they are being heard and treated well — and that it also ends the harassment.
“We won't know until we have these new rules in place,” they said.
Conservative MP Rachael Harder, the critic for status of women, said they would like to see any complaints involving the House of Commons referred to the deputy minister, rather than the labour minister, to ensure complete political independence.
Several respondents to the survey raised that as a concern as well.
Hajdu said they are willing to consider any amendments that would strengthen the bill.
“The last thing I would want is for any kind of perception that there would be political interference.”
Training
The survey also asked political staffers what information they had received about workplace harassment policies, reporting procedures and their rights and responsibilities as an employee when they first began the job.
Half of the respondents said no one raised the issue with them, nor did they seek details out on their own.
Only about 10 per cent of the respondents said their employer or the administration proactively provided formal training on how to prevent and address workplace harassment.
The House of Commons, which adopted a policy on preventing and addressing harassment in 2014, has recently ramped up its training efforts.
MPs must now complete mandatory, in-person training sessions; 44 had done so as of Monday. A similar training course for staffers will be offered this fall.
The Senate, meanwhile, is reviewing its own 2009 harassment policy. A reminder of the policy was recently emailed to everyone involved.
Additional details
The Canadian Press emailed the online survey, which was available from Feb. 20 to March 12, to staffers currently working in the parliamentary offices of MPs and senators, as well as to key ministerial aides. The emails were sent to roughly 1,500 people, although it is difficult to determine precisely how many received the message.
They were also encouraged to share the survey with colleagues also currently in those roles.
— Follow @smithjoanna on Twitter
Proving that Donald Trump and their administration is the most clueless, out of touch team to ‘lead' America, Vice President Mike Pence just had a really awkward run-in with one of the survivors of Hurricane Maria.
As Puerto Rico is absolutely ravaged from the recent hurricane, Trump has decided to turn their back on U.S. citizens and instead focus on attacking NFL players and the media. Meanwhile, their team is trying to do damage control to pick up the slack, and sent Pence to Puerto Rico to assure survivors that everything would be okay. Unfortunately, that plan backfired tremendously.
Everlinda Burgos, a survivor of Hurricane Maria from central Puerto Rico, ruined Pence's photo op by holding the Trump administration accountable and pointing out that they weren't doing nearly enough. As cameras rolled, Burgos put Pence on the spot and said:
“Don't go to San Juan. Go inside the country, like where I live. I live in Naranjito, that's inside the country. Right now, inside the country is where you're going to see the disaster. Where you can't — there are towns you can't go in.”
Burgos also nailed Pence's boss by bringing up Trump's disgusting, insensitive comment that Puerto Rico officials should be “very proud” that only sixteen people had died. Burgos said:
“You don't know the people that has died there because they don't know, they have no communication. You know? So, right now they say 18 people died. No, no, no. We have more people died. But we have no communication. So, go in.”
And things got even worse for Pence. Off-camera, a woman jumped in to correct Burgos and said the most current death toll stated thirty-four. Burgos added:
“Thirty-four today. Right now, that's what they say outside.”
Pence didn't know what the hell to say, so they muttered “Good to talk.” But Burgos wasn't done with him. They said:
“I would like you to go to the center. Because that's where the disaster is.”
Pence made a half-ass agreement and then asked, “You'll be fine, your son, your family, and then you'll be able to go home, right?” Clearly, they were still clueless of how bad the situation was, and likely had no intention of going through with their promise.
You can watch their awkward exchange with Burgos below:
The people of Puerto Rico deserve better.
Featured image via Mark Wilson / Getty Images
BCB and RHTY&SC, MS to host Joseph “Reds” Perreira for historic visit in July
The Berbice Cricket Board is leaving no stone unturned as it forges ahead with plans to push cricket to its highest level in the Ancient County. The Board with support from the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS would be hosting outstanding Sports Administrator and International Cricket Commentator Joseph “Reds” Perreira for a historic three days visit from the 18th to 22nd July, 2018. Planning for the visit is currently underway with former Berbice Cricket Board Secretary, Oscar Ramjeet also playing a major role in acquiring sponsorship.
President of the Board, Hilbert Foster stated that one of the major problems affecting cricket in the county is the lack of a proper Management Structure in most clubs, the lack of understanding of duties by Management and how to transform vision into action. Berbice Cricket, they noted would only return to the legendary days of the past when clubs are properly organised and managed. The main objective of hosting the St. Lucia based International Commentator is to use their vast experience and Management Skills to start the process of strengthening the Management of the Berbice Cricket Board and close to 80 cricket clubs in Berbice. Foster is of the view that once the Management Structure is sort out, then everything would fall into place.
Perreira is expected to arrive in Guyana on the 18th July and would stay at the St. Francis Guest House for the duration of the visit. The four day programme would include a Courtesy call on the Regional Chairmen and Mayors in Berbice, meeting with the Berbice Cricket Board Executives and Committee Members, forum with all Berbice Junior cricketers, Television Call-in Programme and an all day Stakeholder Meeting with all Clubs, Umpires Association and Cricket Stakeholders. A Fund Raising Dinner for the Berbice Cricket Board is also expected to be hosted. Funds raised would be used for further cricket development in Berbice.
The Berbice Cricket Board President lauded the assistance of former Secretary of the Berbice Cricket Board, Oscar Ramjeet. The United States based Attorney-at-Law is assisting Foster to raise the necessary sponsorship for the historic visit. Overseas based Guyanese interested in playing a part in the restoration of Berbice Cricket can get in contact with the Berbice Cricket Board President on 337-4562 or Angela Haniff on 333-2375.
All Cricket Clubs in Berbice are hereby informed that they would be required to send two representatives to the Stakeholders Seminar/Conference on Saturday 21st July, 2018, while First Division Clubs would have four delegates. All Berbice Junior and Senior Players, Umpires and Berbice Cricket Board Executives are also asked to take note.
Meanwhile, the Berbice Cricket Board is planning to publish a 40 pages Youth Cricketer Information Booklet. The Booklet would be published by September, 2018, and would be given to every youth cricketer in the county.
Image copyright Geograph Image caption A road upgrade costing £130m between the Port of Larne and Belfast was completed in 2015 after a three-year construction project
Ferry services between the Isle of Man and Northern Ireland face a major overhaul under plans which have just gone out to public consultation.
The bi-weekly service between Douglas and Belfast's Albert Dock could instead operate to and from the Port of Larne.
The Steam Packet Company said Larne - about 20 miles north of Belfast - could accommodate heavier vehicles such as vans, motor homes and coaches.
A spokesperson added: "Passenger feedback will be central in this decision."
Chief executive Mark Woodward said the change would mean shorter sailing times between the island and Northern Ireland.
They added that both Manx vessels - the Ben-my-Chree and fast craft, Manannan, have visited Larne "to ensure berthing facilities were suitable".
The public survey will run for three weeks.
Fast and Furious franchise headed to Netflix for a new animated series – Digital Trends
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Federal Reserve's decision on an interest rate hike will likely cause some more market volatility later this week. Analysts expect the US policymaker to raise the rate by 0.25 per cent on Wednesday, which experts say could send global markets into another tailspin after inflation fears led to a major market selloff in February.
Ahead of that announcement, financial officials from the world's wealthiest countries including Canada will be meeting at the Group of 20 events in South America. Traders will be watching for any mention on tariffs or possible trade wars between China and the US.
On Wall Street, the Dow is expected to be weighted by the Tech Sector this morning. This comes as Facebook shares have dropped three per cent following more questions about data breaches and voting influence in the 2016 US election. Apple is adding some weight as well with shares down 1 per cent as the company is dropping Samsung as a screen provider to take on a more expensive venture of building its screens in house.
The Loonie is gaining to 76.39 cents US ahead of Stats Can report on inflation and retail sales coming later this week.
Oil is down to 62.13 a barrel.
Gold has dropped to 1,310 an ounce.
“For many years, I have cautiously peered from behind the face of a man known as Cary Grant. The protection of that facade was both an advantage and a disadvantage....
A guest lecture featuring controversial alt-right speakers was interrupted by masked protesters, who overwhelmed security and forced their way into the room. Footage captured at the event at King's College in...
One of the least safe places to be in Berkeley, Calif., is in the vicinity of someone holding a “No Hate” sign. So-called anti-fascist, or antifa, activists bearing shields emblazoned...
The cupboards are nearly bare at the Grayson County Shelter. The facility needs everything from food to volunteers.
Harveys Lake Tahoe and Another Planet Entertainment announce the addition of Country superstars Kenny Chesney and Chris Stapleton performing July 3 and July 26, respectively, to the lineup for the 2018 Lake Tahoe Summer Concert Series at Harveys Outdoor Arena.
Tickets for Chesney and Stapleton go on sale on Feb. 9. The lineup includes Phish on July 17 and 18 (tickets on sale Feb. 8), Country music superstar Keith Urban on July 21 and 22, Charlie Puth on Aug. 18 and Dave Matthews Band on Sept. 7. | harveystahoe.com
First Lady Chirlane McCray's leadership of a city-run nonprofit hasn't panned out to be as “exceptional” as Mayor de Blasio promised when they gave them the job.
As The New York Times reported this week, the Mayor's Fund to Advance the City of New York, which funnels private money to city causes, is now raising only a bit more than half as much per month, on average, as it did between 2002 and 2014.
For the first 10 months of fiscal year 2018, it ginned up just $14 million vs. an average $32 million a year through 2014.
As a result, the number of programs the group supports has plunged by nearly a third, from 123 during the mayor's first year in office to just 85 at last count.
Yet the fund's spending on itself has grown since 2015 by 50 percent. It employs more people and has even acquired larger digs — with a separate office, for the first time, for its chairperson, McCray.
Helping explains the funding drop: McCray “has largely been missing in action,” notes the Times. They haven't been to their office in nearly a year, and schedules show they spent less than 20 hours in all of 2017 on fund business.
They have also missed more than half the fund's board meetings (seven of 12) as chairperson. Bloomberg-era chair Patricia Harris missed just one meeting in four years, and they had a day job as deputy mayor.
Nor does McCray seem to play a big role in personally drumming up donations, even though the nonprofit's chairperson is officially designated as its “lead fund-raiser.”
And there was a pattern to the fund-raising calls they did make: Almost half were to donors to de Blasio's mayoral campaigns.
Also notable: Some of the donors had personal stakes in city action, much like those who gave to the mayor's now-defunct Campaign for One New York, a set-up that sparked state and federal probes and new laws from the City Council.
More staff to do less good; a boss uninterested in getting the real work done; fund-raising with a whiff of pay-to-play: McCray has been “exceptional” after all — in remaking the Mayor's Fund in their hubby's image.
The Post's NHL Power Rankings: Rundown of the teams — 1-30 Honestly. You could feel it, could feel the wave of despair that cascaded through NHL precincts (well, maybe not New York; well, maybe not Philadelphia; well, maybe not Columbus) upon...
Playoff year for Devils? Two key players must come up big The Ray Shero-John Hynes era is now entering its second season, and the general manager and coach, respectively, still are trying to re-imagine the Devils without the shadow of Lou...
A new Rangers era begins with different hopes, familiar players All those mileposts have faded into the rearview. Most playoff series won over the last four years except for the Blackhawks and Kings … most playoff games played the last...
You have knowledge and insights that can help journalists cover the news in greater depth and uncover stories they might not otherwise find.
The outgoing Manager of the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa, Engr. Chigbo Nwobu, has said that the Port Harcourt Airport would outshine other airports in Nigeria in terms of revenue generation in the near future.
They said that the airport in the next two years might surpass Abuja airport, pointing out that they have seriously rated Port Harcourt airport because the airport is still running well, despite all the distraction and bad images about been tagged to Port Harcourt and environs.
Nwobu, who has just been redeployed to Abuja disclosed this to newsmen at the airport in a chat, pointing out that airline operators like the Air France and Lufthanza airline would not be coming to the airport if the place were not a viable airport.
“The airlines keep coming. Remember they are not doing charity and that means that they will not come, if the airport is not a viable one.
“Despite all the threats of insecurity the airlines keep coming. It also means that once the environment is alright, all of them will come here, except we did not grant them permission.
“I look at the future when the economy of this state would be very buoyant. With two refineries and other establishments, our business horizon will expand tremendously, and that will translate to increase in revenue.
“You know Port Harcourt International Airport is peculiar now because you talk about recession, it just came about with oil related matters, and this is an oil-based state.
“So what is affecting the people in town is what is affecting us here in terms of passenger traffic, but however I look at greater prospects in the future in terms of high revenue profile of this airport”, Nwobu said.
Colins Walter
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe praises substitutes Joshua King and Lys Mousset, who both came off the bench to score as the Cherries came from behind to beat Stoke City 2-1.
MATCH REPORT: Bournemouth 2-1 Stoke City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
Flash flooding overwhelmed Grayson County over the weekend. Parts of Sherman received more than 9 inches of precipitation.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — It's a hard life for a KCK husband and wife.
Most days it's a struggle just to leave the house. Convicted of aggravated assault, he's now also living as a victim of crime, and their wife is caught in the middle.
She's asking for someone to overlook their past to make a huge impact on their future.
“They say I'll never walk again,” Damaine Jermaine Williams said about what their doctors told them after they were shot.
It's something Tierra Williams knew about their husband before they got married.
The two were both injured in July. They had friends over when a man they didn't know got into a fight with Damaine.
Then the stranger pulled a gun and pointed it straight at the couple.
“I was shot in my stomach, which fractured my pelvis, and I was also shot in my hip,” Tierra said.
“A bullet ricocheted off of their driver's door, which hit me in my femur, which shattered that,” Damaine said. “So I have a rod from my thigh down so that kind of spun me around, then I got hit in my lower back.”
Tierra recovered. Damaine wasn't as lucky.
They were in a medically induced coma for eight days as Tierra waited for them to wake up.
Once Damaine opened their eyes, they both knew they still wanted to be together — even if their lives were changed. Damaine is now on disability, and Tierra takes care of him.
“It's been pretty hard,” Tierra said. “Sometimes I have back pain because I have to lift them in and out of the truck or lift them up and down the stairs. For one, he's heavy, and since it's been cold, snow has been on the ground. They haven't been able to actually get to doctors' appointments on time. I've had to reschedule.”
With Damaine paralyzed from the waist down, the Williams' knew they were in for a fight. But Tierra said they aren't expecting the battle they now face.
“It hurts me because I can't really just do it myself,” Damaine said.
The couple is already living without any heat or hot water, and their bills are mounting up.
On top of that, Tierra said they have contacted multiple charities to see if they can help build a wheelchair ramp just so they can get Damaine in and out of their home easily.
They say she's gotten a lot of nos.
Some organizations say they can't help because it would be too difficult and cost too much — because the house is on such an incline and has a giant wall built around it.
“I just need help. Period. If anybody has the heart to help, me and my family appreciate it,” Damaine said.
FOX4's Melissa Stern has contacted multiple organizations on the Williams' behalf. Most say they can build the ramp, but they just need someone who can tear the wall down first.
If you would like to help, or know someone who can, please email Melissa at Melissa.Stern@fox4kc.com. The couple has also started a Go Fund Me page.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Public school for Sherman students and educators begins bright and early Wednesday morning. How much planning goes into that first day back?
OAKLAND — Despite getting called to an illegal rave at the Ghost Ship warehouse — complete with $25 cover charge and sales of booze and drugs — an Oakland police officer in 2014 decided to break up the party but not cite the uncooperative promoter for code violations, according to newly released records.
Oakland officials, who had heavily censured police incident reports last week before releasing more than 600 pages of documents under threat of a lawsuit by this newspaper, released those same records Tuesday with key passages now intact. The new information provided the clearest picture yet of the advanced warning the city had of unsafe conditions and illegal activities at the warehouse before 36 people died there Dec. 2 in an inferno during a dance party.
Other records that had previously been redacted were also released, adding new details of a fight involving the art collective's founder Derick Almena, along with an arson investigation at the site, both in 2014.
Between mid-2014 and the deadly fire, police visited the building and associated properties nearly three dozen times, dealing with thefts, reports of child abuse, a stabbing, gun threats, drug sales, illegal housing and more.
But that isn't the whole story. Police, fire, public works and building department employees had visited the Ghost Ship and other nearby properties at least 245 times since 1988, most of them after 2007. In response to questions as to why police officers did not flag code enforcement officers or cite Ghost Ship associates for reports of an illegal rave and illegal housing, city and police officials have insisted that it's not a street cop's duty to handle permit infractions. Other communities have joint efforts between police and code enforcement and the mayor has said an upcoming software upgrade will increase such coordination.
This newspaper last week asked the city to remove heavy redactions from key police incident reports and those changes were made Tuesday. The biggest revelation came from a March 1, 2015 encounter:
At 1:34 a.m., a 22-year-old woman flagged down officer Hector Chavez to report an illegal rave with drug and alcohol sales. The woman told Chavez they went to the Ghost Ship for a private party with several friends, but when they arrived at the venue they were charged $25 at the door, according to Chavez's report.
Once inside, the woman told Chavez people were selling booze and a “wide variety of drugs,” including marijuana and ecstasy. They told Chavez they were not happy with the situation, so they left and flagged police down while they waited for their parents to pick them up.
Chavez wrote that they observed people loitering outside, but when they drove up “all the subjects ran inside and closed the door behind them.” As loud music bumped from inside, they banged on the door and although they could hear people inside, no one would open the door. Finally, rave promoter Sean Griffith, aka Hatter, came outside to speak to the officer, according to Chavez's report.
Based on the female attendee's account, Chavez wrote that it appeared Griffith was in violation of the city's cabaret permit ordinance “since I know from previous contacts with Derick Almena (who rents the building) that this facility does not have a cabaret permit and is supposed to be an art studio.”
It is unclear what prior contacts Chavez had with Almena, the Ghost Ship founder who is under criminal investigation for their role in the deadly fire.
Chavez advised the promoter about a noise complaint earlier that night and the illegal rave allegations. Griffith, an Oakland resident, told them they did not have a license, but was hosting a private party.
“I advised Griffith that I knew that there was an illegal rave at the facility and that they had to shut it down,” Chavez wrote. They told Griffith they would wait for everyone to leave, but Griffith walked inside and tried to shut the door.
“I had my foot by the door and my leg was caught between the door and the door frame since they were trying to shut the door,” the officer wrote. “I had to push the door open to free my leg.”
As several dozen people left the warehouse, Griffith told the officer they had a private club called “Outlet” and members pay a monthly fee to attend their parties.
“I later found Outlet on Facebook which claims to ‘represent the cutting edge,' ” Chavez wrote. “It also mentions taking a few months off to look for another venue for their ‘private parties.' ”
Chavez said they left the scene when Griffith told them they and some other people had to stay to tear down lighting and sound equipment. They wrote that they did not cite Griffith for a cabaret permit violation, but did not give a reason.
Attempts to reach Griffith on Tuesday were not successful.
Twenty minutes later, Almena called police to have “several subjects” removed from the warehouse for refusing to leave and police again watched to ensure they left.
In September 2014, police responded to an early morning report of an arson just outside the warehouse where firefighters had seen and doused a burning sofa on the sidewalk, according to another now unredacted report.
“The business at this location has several pieces of furniture set outside as the employees regularly work throughout the night on their projects,” officer Michael Erickson wrote in a report.
Almena told the officer that they awoke at about 6 a.m. and saw an “orange glow” outside a window. Firefighters were already there, they said.
Sources have told this news organization that at least one firefighter that morning got a glimpse inside the warehouse, became alarmed at the conditions, and reported it to the department's fire prevention division.
No action was ever taken.
In December 2014, the father of an artist living in the upstairs area of the warehouse and Almena got in a fight over rent, a newly unredacted report states.
Almena allegedly tackled the man, Max Schultz, and punched them in the back of the head, officer Michael Camacho, one of five officers who responded, wrote in the report.
Both men demanded the other be arrested. Schultz told police they wouldn't stay away from the Ghost Ship and said they “might be murdered if both parties stayed under one roof.”
Both men were arrested for battery, Camacho wrote. Almena was given a citation, but fearing more violence, officers took Schultz into custody.
Check back for updates.
Ghostship Illegal Rave Report by BayAreaNewsGroup on Scribd
https://www.scribd.com/embeds/339344471/content?start_page=1&view_mode=scroll&access_key=key-u9W1cRf00vhnLCmTHuQE&show_recommendations=true
The Drake-Pusha T jumped to another level when the latter dropped “The Story of Adidon” on Tuesday night. From the artwork to the lyrics, the diss track is just pure disrespect, which sent Twitter into a frenzy. That includes all of the NFL players on Twitter. Here's how they responded to Pusha T's track…
Drake might just wanna get back to their regularly scheduled program after this. Gotdamn — Duane Brown (@DuaneBrown76) May 30, 2018
This Rap beef better than the NBA Finals I like Drake in 7 — Charles James II (@CJDeuce_) May 30, 2018
See now that's how you come back Push — Marshon Lattimore (@shonrp2) May 30, 2018
I really was thinking it was over after Drake dropped Duppy but this beef got REAL in a hurry 👀 #TheDisrespectIsWild — Jalen Ramsey (@jalenramsey) May 30, 2018
Yep. Hit em up instantly came to mind.. https://t.co/MWfRta7RLo — Darron Lee (@DLeeMG8) May 30, 2018
Now i know I'm always right but….i really told y'all not to play with king push……and now its drake neck lol — Kerryon Johnson (@AyeyoKEJO) May 30, 2018
if u love hip hop this is christmas. can't wait for the clap back. — feeno (@ArianFoster) May 30, 2018
If Drake is a real GOAT they can come back from this. Hell Lebron was down 3-1 — Vince Williams (@VinnyVidiVici98) May 30, 2018
I love Drake but this is gonna be a dog fight. Meek was talking about Rollies and cars. Push coming for their life. — Vince Williams (@VinnyVidiVici98) May 30, 2018
Everyone talking bout Pusha T like he's thanos or something lol. He's definitely up 2-1 but if y'all don't know by now Drake undefeated in this rap battle beef ish. I reckon their next one will be very cut throat. — Mike Mitchell (@iammikemitchell) May 30, 2018
What y'all thought Push and Drake was gon go on live together and make a truce? Its hip hop, a sport! Some play and some live it! Just enjoy — Sean Weatherspoon (@SeanWSpoon56) May 30, 2018
So we have gone ignore the fact that everything Push said in their diss track were already explained in multiple Drake songs over they past 5 years ? That's how I know yal not real Drake fans, yal don't even listen to the product. #blessup 🦉 — Su'a Kristopher Cravens (@iammsuzy) May 30, 2018
So who would like to translate what Pusha said before the started going in? Help me out here lol — Zach Brown (@ZachBrown_55) May 30, 2018
The countdown for Drake's response like… pic.twitter.com/0kuN3gJqRH — Darrelle Revis (@Revis24) May 30, 2018
Drake gotta respond with a whole Netflix documentary to come back from this. — BruceWayne🦇 (@Don59Wayne) May 30, 2018
If you work at Drakes house in some capacity as a security guard or a chef and they stroll downstairs in their OVO bathrobe looking somber you have to act cool like you don't have the internet. — Chris Long (@JOEL9ONE) May 30, 2018
Ahhhh man I knew Pusha T was goin out like that. I love it! — akiem hicks (@The_Dream99) May 30, 2018
The once-secret memo was released by the House Intelligence Committee on Friday.
In their first comments since the House Intelligence Committee released a once-secret and controversial memo, President Donald Trump on Saturday said the Republican-penned document vindicates him, once again asserting that there was "no collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia. The memo, which was prepared under the direction of Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, a Trump ally, questions the Justice Department and the FBI over their investigation of possible collusion between Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government. Democrats and intelligence officials objected to its release on the grounds that it provided a selective, politicized view of raw intelligence matter. But in a tweet on Saturday, Trump said, "The memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on."
Hours later, the president again touted the importance of the memo, tweeting a quote from a Wall Street Journal editorial that argues the document "reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath."
Advertisement
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used… https://t.co/ZT9YHhTIlA
The FBI became "a tool of anti-Trump political actors," Trump continued, still quoting the Journal. "This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law."
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants t… https://t.co/tGnYODCVQx
The four-page memo does not take a broad look at the entire Russia probe, only its beginning, nor does it make any comment on any alleged obstruction of justice by Trump or their associates.
Instead, the memo states that top DOJ and FBI officials sought an application to surveil former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page using the dossier by former former British MI6 intelligence official Christopher Steele. The memo says that officials did not adequately explain to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that the dossier was funded in part by the Democrats. The dossier was first published by BuzzFeed News last January after security officials had briefed then-president Barack Obama and Trump about it. The memo also says "information" on Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos "triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation" in July 2016. Papadopoulos has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with a professor who'd told them the Russians had “dirt” on Hillary Clinton. Papadopoulos is cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. The memo also reveals that a federal judge renewed a surveillance warrant on Page three times after the initial approval in October 2016. Warrants granted by a FISA court, such as the one approved for Page, are valid for only 90 days and can be renewed only if a judge is convinced the warrant has yielded valuable intelligence. On Friday, Nunes admitted they did not personally review the applications for the surveillance warrants but that they relied on Rep. Trey Gowdy, a fellow Republican on the committee. Nunes told Fox News that the committee made an agreement with the Justice Department to only allow one person to review the documents. In a series of tweets on Friday, Gowdy said that the memo does not discredit Mueller's investigation, adding that they have confidence in “the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ."
As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of t… https://t.co/qObXI0DtQm
Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, earlier this week slammed Nunes for not having read the raw intelligence like they had. "The chairperson never bothered to go read these underlying materials," Schiff told CNN on Monday. "After months and months of making this argument that the FBI and DOJ are involved in some sort of conspiracy, they didn't even bother to read the materials himself." A Democratic counter-memo — prepared as a rebuttal to the Republican memo — disputes that the dossier played a critical role in the Carter FISA application, a person familiar with that memo told BuzzFeed News. The Democratic memo also says the FBI informed the FISA court in its initial warrant application that the dossier came from a politically motivated source, though it did not say that the Democratic National Committee had funded the research. The House Intelligence Committee initially voted not to release the Democratic memo, but it may be made public in the coming weeks. In a statement following the release of the memo, House Speaker Paul Ryan called the concern raised in the Republican memo “a specific legitimate one,” and they said they also supported the released of the Democratic memo. “I reiterate my support for the similar release of the minority's memo once it is properly scrubbed of all intelligence sources and methods. It is critical that we focus on specific actions and specific actors and not use this memo to impugn the integrity of the justice system and FBI,” they said. Ryan also told Republicans that the “memo does not impugn the Mueller investigation.” Thomas Frank contributed to this report.
Mary Ann Georgantopoulos is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Mary Ann Georgantopoulos at maryann.georgantopoulos@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HARRISONVILLE, Mo. -- A metro family who lost their wife and mother to suicide is speaking out, trying to let people who feel hopeless know there's help out there.
With the death of Kansas City native Kate Spade this week, people are talking about mental health and suicide prevention. The NYPD said Spade took their own life. The 55-year-old was being treated for depression and anxiety, according to their family.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says in the last 20 years, suicides have increased in all age groups, with the highest spikes for women in Spade's age group -- ages 45 to 64.
"We've got to stop this," said Scott Hilworth, who lost their wife to suicide two years ago said. "We have to stop this."
The day before Mother's Day 2016, Heather Hilworth tried to take their life in front of their husband at their Wichita home. They died later at the hospital, leaving behind Scott and their then 10- and 12-year-old kids Dylan and Brianna.
One of the hardest moments for them was telling their son they had to say goodbye.
"And they say, 'I love you mama. I'm gonna miss you,'" Hilworth said.
Heather was 43 when they took their life after beating the odds of a serious illness.
"She was damn near seven years clean of cancer," Hilworth said. "She fought it. They won."
According to the CDC, about 16 percent of people who take their lives don't have a history of mental health issues.
Scott Hilworth said they didn't see any warning sides of suicide, other than Heather laying out important paper work just before they died.
"She was fairly depressed that, number one, they didn't get to make the choice to not have any more children," Hilworth said. "Cancer took that choice from their cause they had to have a double mastectomy and cholecystectomy."
The CDC says suicide rates went up by more than a quarter from 1999 to 2016. They increased by 45 percent in Kansas and more than 36 percent in Missouri.
"Reach out for help," Brianna Hilworth said. "Don't let it get in your head. Don't attempt it."
The CDC says the group that had the highest rate of increases is women between 45 and 64, close to the ages of Heather Hilworth and Kate Spade.
Brianna Hilworth is 14, close to the age of Kate Spade's daughter, and feels for their loss.
"Some people think it's OK if you're upset or something to just say, 'Man up,' or 'Get over it,' or 'Forget about it. You'll be OK.' Sometimes that's not the case. Sometimes it's the case where you actually need to reach out. You need to get help. You can't tell someone to man up because maybe what they're going through, they can't man up from."
Brianna said their mom often isolated themselves when their father was away working out of town.
"I think schools need to have health classes at a younger age cause maybe if my brother and I saw those signs, we could have done something," Brianna said.
Not long after Heather's death, the Hilworth family moved and bought a farm in Pleasant Gap, Missouri, to be closer to family as they grieve.
They hope sharing their story will encourage people who need it to get help so no one else has to deal with such a painful loss.
If you are having suicidal thoughts, we urge you to get help immediately.
Go to a hospital, call 911 or call the National Suicide Hotline at 1-800-SUICIDE (1-800-784-2433).
Click on the boxes below for our FOX 4 You Matter reports and other helpful phone numbers and resources.
In the new “Wonder Woman” movie, the hero is mystified by the ways of humankind — and they don't even read the internet.
The fevered commentary about the new hit film raises the question, “Can't an Amazonian superhero wield their Lasso of Truth and bullet-deflecting bracelets while wearing an up-armored version of a figure-skating outfit without inciting more battles in the culture war?” This being contemporary America, the answer is, “Of course not.”
The critics have swooned, and some of them have literally cried over the movie. This is a bit much. The advancement of women in this country, or even just in Hollywood, didn't depend on the production of a better female superhero vehicle. Nor is it unusual anymore to see women beat up villains on screen. This hasn't stopped people from losing their minds — a new American core competency — over “Wonder Woman.”
Why doesn't they have armpit hair? Summarizing this controversy that erupted when the trailer was released, The New York Times wrote that “the lack of body hair on the female warrior makes us wonder if feminism was swept aside in favor of achieving the ideal female aesthetic.” (The Wonder Woman character has existed for about 75 years — and has never once sported armpit hair.) Did you know that lead actor Gal Gadot is Israeli and served in the Israel Defense Forces? Lebanon certainly noticed. It banned the film. Actress Gina Rodriguez tweeted their disapproval, then deleted their tweet under internet pressure.
Then there are the clashing interpretations of the movie. It's “a masterpiece of subversive feminism,” according to The Guardian. No, it's not, according to a writer in Slate, who complains of “It's prevailing occupation with the titular hero's sex appeal.”
Wonder Woman, aka Diana Prince, is the spawn of the gods, and such creatures tend to have better-than-average looks, especially when they are depicted in major motion pictures. As for their outfit, most superheroes are distinguished by their inappropriate, physique-bearing costumes, and why would a self-confident Amazonian be different?
The movie is certainly a feminist allegory. Diana is doing just fine on the all-female island of Themyscira when a dude shows up, a wayward American pilot who crash-lands. Then everything goes wrong. They end up leaving with them into the human world, where they confront and spoofs mystifying practices (woman squeezing into corsets, councils of war excluding women, etc.) and where World War I rages.
This is catnip for feminists, but surely what accounts for the film's runaway success is its traditional elements. A thread throughout is the lighthearted cross-cultural romance between the fearsomely powerful, if nonetheless feminine, Diana (she delights at babies, ice cream and snowflakes) and their human love interest.
Diana is an admirably idealistic instrument of outraged innocence. Them Amazonian ethic means they reject dishonesty and cynical maneuvering. They don't exactly fight against the Germans so much against warfare in general. But they are righteous and brave.
By the end, Diana comes to realize that humankind is worth saving, despite our flaws. Perhaps the least of them, although an annoying one, is our inability to simply enjoy a deft, entertaining summer blockbuster.
–Can Wonder Woman just be Wonder Woman?–
Mark Niquette, Bloomberg News infrastructure reporter, discusses why some smaller U.S. companies are lobbying the Trump administration for more tariffs on Chinese imports, even as other small businesses and farmers across the country oppose new trade controls. They speak with Bloomberg's Amy Morris and Peter Barnes on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
FREMONT, Calif. — Tesla Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk said on Friday the Model 3 had over half a million advance reservations as they handed over the first 30 to employee buyers, setting the stage for the biggest test yet of the company's strategy to become a profitable, mass market electric carmaker.
Outside Tesla's Fremont, California factory, Musk showed off the $35,000 base vehicle with a range of 220 miles (350 km) on a charge that marks a departure from the company's earlier luxury electric cars.
Hours before the event, Musk acknowledged it would be "quite a challenge" to build the car during the early days of production.
"We're going to go through at least six months of manufacturing hell," Musk told journalists.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tesla rolls out first Model 3 electric cars for $35,000 2:28 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The over half a million reservations are up from about 373,000 disclosed in April 2016. Customers pay $1,000 refundable deposits for the car, which is eligible for tax credits. Any new buyers would likely not receive their car until the end of 2018, Musk said.
A longer-range version of the car is priced at $44,000 and will drive 310 miles (500 km) on a single charge. The cars feature a streamlined dashboard devoid of buttons or knobs, with a 15-inch touchstream display to the right of the driver.
Tesla faces major hurdles living up to the Model 3 hype. The 500,000 vehicles Tesla vows to produce next year are nearly six times its 2016 production.
Were Tesla to produce, and sell 500,000 cars per year, the company would likely outsell the BMW , Mercedes, or Lexus brands in the United States.
“ We're going to go through at least six months of manufacturing hell.”
Production delays and quality issues marred the launches of Tesla's Model S and Model X vehicles, and the company blamed production problems for a shortfall during the second quarter of this year. Musk has said a simpler Model 3 design will greatly reduce potential assembly-line problems.
Tesla has burned through over $2 billion in cash so far this year ahead of the launch. A troubled Model 3 launch could heighten the risks for the company, while a steady delivery of Model 3s could generate a stream of cash that would allow Tesla to avoid going again to the capital markets to fund its operations.
Tesla's share price has surged 54 percent since January in anticipation of the Model 3 launch, and Tesla's pricey valuation now exceeds that of traditional rivals like General Motors and Ford.
First production model of Tesla Model 3 out the assembly line in Fremont, California , U.S. is seen in this undated handout photo from Tesla Motors obtained by Reuters July 10, 2017. HANDOUT / Reuters
Until now, Tesla has operated as a niche producer of luxury electric vehicles, with a charismatic, showman CEO who regularly interacts with fans on their Twitter account. Now loss-making Tesla is trying to move into a different league, building vehicles in high volume for customers able to pay only a few thousand dollars more than the average price of a conventional car or truck sold in the United States.
The Model 3 is part of Musk's broader plan to build a clean energy and transportation company that offers electric semi trucks, rooftop solar energy systems and large-scale battery storage systems.
SAN ANTONIO — In a story May 23 about a federal weapons charge being filed against Robert Mikell Ussery, who had told a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax, The Associated Press erroneously reported that they were free on bond. They remain in custody.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Man who said church shooting was hoaxed jailed on gun charge
Conspiracy theorist arrested after telling a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax remains in federal custody after an arrest on a weapons charge
A conspiracy theorist arrested after telling a Texas church that the killing of more than two dozen of its worshippers was a hoax remains in federal custody after another arrest — this time on a weapons charge.
Court documents show that federal and state authorities on Wednesday arrested 54-year-old Robert Mikell Ussery in Lockhart, Texas, on a charge of being a convicted felon in possession of a firearm.
Ussery was convicted in 1984 and sentenced to four years in prison for burglary of a vehicle in Brazoria County, Texas.
The new charge centres on their armed presence March 5 at the First Baptist Church of Sutherland Springs, about 30 miles (48 kilometres) southeast of San Antonio. Worshippers there have said they and their girlfriend claimed the shooting was fabricated by the U.S. government. Ussery was charged at the time with making a terroristic threat.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jacob Rees-Mogg chairs the Conservative Party's European Research Group
Prominent Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg has said they believe Treasury officials are "fiddling the figures" on Brexit.
The row began earlier this week when the MP condemned a leaked economic forecast on the impact of Brexit written by civil servants.
It said growth would be lower in each of three different Brexit outcomes than if the UK had stayed in the EU.
The Treasury said its ministers and officials were working hard to deliver the best Brexit deal for Britain.
Tory MP Mr Rees-Mogg told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "If you look at the forecasts the Treasury made before the referendum, they were a humiliation. They were clearly politically influenced."
'Politically advantageous'
They said former chancellor George Osborne had set up the Office for Budget Responsibility, which provides independent analysis of the UK's public finances, because "Treasury forecasts had been politicised".
"And it was thought they were unreliable on political grounds," they added. "With the referendum and with the EU the Treasury has gone back to making forecasts. It was politically advantageous for them in the past. It is the same now.
"So yes, I do think they are fiddling the figures."
Their comments came after Theresa May, on the final day of their official visit to China, appeared to suggest some sort of customs agreement with the EU could be possible - even though ministers have said Britain will leave the existing customs union.
Mr Rees-Mogg stated any such deal would be unacceptable to Tory Brexiteers as it would prevent the UK from striking free trade deals with other countries.
"We need to be free to do deals with the rest of the world. We must be out of the protectionist common external tariff which mainly protects inefficient EU industries at the cost to British consumers," they said.
Commons apology
It is the second time this week that Mr Rees-Mogg, who chairs the Conservative Party's European Research Group, has condemned civil servants' economic forecast concerning the impact of Brexit.
The row began on Tuesday with a report leaked to Buzzfeed which said growth would be lower in each of three different Brexit outcomes than if the UK had stayed in the EU.
In the Commons on Thursday, Mr Rees-Mogg asked Brexit Minister Steve Baker to confirm whether they had heard that officials were deliberately trying to influence policy in favour of staying in the EU customs union.
They attributed the remarks to Charles Grant, the head of the Centre for European Reform.
On Friday, Mr Baker apologised to MPs for saying Mr Rees-Mogg's account of the remarks was "essentially correct".
Mr Grant had denied making them and an audio recording emerged where they did not say what was attributed to him.
However, Mr Rees-Mogg said they stood by their original claim.
A Treasury spokesperson said: "The prime minister and the chancellor have said repeatedly that we will be leaving the single market and the customs union. Any suggestion to the contrary is simply false."
APRIL 26
Spring Choir Concert
Thursday, 5-8 p.m.
Washington Community High School, 115 Bondurant St.
Free
Choirs from the high school perform in the last concert of the school year. For more information, call 309-444-3167.
Planting and Planning Summer Crops
Thursday, 6-7 p.m.
Pekin Public Library, 301 S. 4th St.
Free
Event includes seed sharing of melons, corn, squash, sunflowers, beans, flowers and herbs. For more information, call 309-347-7111.
APRIL 26-27
Youths Present Disney's ‘Beauty and the Beast, Jr.'
Thursday, 7 p.m.; Friday 10 a.m.
St. Joseph Catholic School, 300 S. 6th St., Pekin
Free
Directed by Mrs. Nicole Ferree, this classic story tells of Belle, a young woman in a provincial town, and the Beast, who is really a young prince trapped under the spell of an enchantress. For more information, call 309-347-7194.
APRIL 27
Carnival and Spaghetti Dinner
Friday, 4-8 p.m.
Blessed Sacrament Catholic School, 233 E. Greenwood, Morton
Carnival $1 per ticket; dinner $7 for adults, $5 for children
All-You-Can-Eat Spaghetti Dinner features spaghetti with meat sauce, garlic bread sticks, salad, applesauce, lemonade, iced tea. For more information, visit bscmorton.org.
Tazewell Art Loop
Friday, 5-8 p.m.
Morton, Delavan and Pekin
Free
Artists, businesses and organizations partner with local art and artists, performance demonstrations, live music and entertainment, as well as great shops and restaurants. For more information, call 309-263-1211.
APRIL 27-28
Tremont Town-wide Garage Sales
For more information, call 309-202-0805.
APRIL 28
Kennel Lake Spring Dinner
Saturday, 4-7 p.m.
Kennel Lake Sportsmen's Club, 22172 Kennel Lake Dr., Morton
$11; children $5;
Walleye, Chicken available baked or fried, corn dogs, potato salad, baked beans, applesauce, chips and bread. Discounted tickets can be purchased in advance at Morton Community Bank and Washington's Heartland Bank. For more information, call 309-266-9641.
Lions Club Fundraiser
Saturday, beginning at 10 a.m.
Tremont United Methodist Church, 112 W. Pearl St.
Texas style beef brisket will be featured. Proceeds will go to Greater Peoria Honor Flight and other projects. For more information, call 309-925-2011.
Money Smart Week: Outsmarting Investment Fraud
Saturday, 1-2:30 p.m.
Pekin Public Library, 301 S. 4th St.
Free
DVD documentary that shows how to stop fraudsters from taking your money. For more information, call 309-347-7111.
Fight to the Finish Extreme 5K Race
Saturday, first heat at 8 a.m.
Wildlife Prairie Park, 3836 Taylor Road, Hanna City
$65 for adults; $20 for youth
Family-fun race that includes mud, obstacles and challenging terrain. This year's race features a new course through the Park. Money raised will benefit Almost Home Kids, a transitional home for children with complex health needs who are ready to be discharged from the hospital but for whom preparations at home need to be made, as well as training for their families, and respite care. For more information or to register, visit fighttothefinish.org/.
Lifepoints Gospel Sing at 5-Points
Saturday, 5:45-8:30 p.m.
Five Points, 380 N. Wilmor Road, Washington
Free
Come enjoy the music of The Stoller Family, Kindred Spirit and Sharper Iron. For more information, visit aclifepoints.org.
APRIL 30
The Zobrist Family
Monday, 6:30 p.m.
Eureka Public Library, 202 S. Main St.
Free
Pastor Tom Zobrist will discuss their recent book, ‘The Zobrist Family: Look What God Can Do' which chronicles the family's journey of faith from their childhood in Morton to son Ben's history-making year with the Chicago Cubs. Register by April 27 by calling 309-467-2922.
MAY 1
Heartland Community Trombone Choir Concert
Tuesday, 7-8:30 p.m.
Astroth Community Educ. Ctr., 1500 W. Raab Road, Normal
Free
Heartland Community College hosts this event. For more information, call 309-828-5201.
MAY 2
Shrine Circus Comes to Peoria
Wednesday, 6:30 p.m.
Peoria Civic Center, 201 SW Jefferson St.
$11-$24
The 2018 Mohammed Shrine Circus enthralls all ages. For more information or tickets, call 800-745-3000.
–Tazewell County Calendar of Events April 25 – May 2–
Six Met Police officers have been cleared of misconduct over the death of a South Norwood man after they were restrained by police.
IT graduate Olaseni Lewis died three days after their heart stopped during what an inquest found was an "excessive, disproportionate and unreasonable" restraint by police at the Bethlem Royal Hospital.
They had no history of violence or mental illness but had been taken there by their parents after an episode of mental ill-health that began over the August bank holiday weekend.
When they were prevented from leaving the hospital, they resisted and staff members called for police, which is when the restraint took place.
A hearing was held on Friday (October 6) to determine whether the officers' actions amounted to misconduct or gross misconduct.
However the panel decided that PC Simon Smith, PC Michael Aldridge, PC Stephen Boyle, DC Laura Curran, PC Ian Simpson and PC James Smith will not face any other disciplinary action.
This was despite an inquest in May ruling that they failed to follow their training when they did not put Mr Lewis into the recovery position and did not administer basic life support after they passed out while they were restraining him.
Assistant chief constable Tony Blaker, who chaired the disciplinary hearing at the Metropolitan Police's Empress State Building in west London, said any failings by officers “were identified as matters of performance outside the remit of this panel”, according to The Guardian.
The death of Mr Lewis has been subject to two separate independent investigations by the Independent Police Complaints Commission as well as the three month inquest.
Their parents, Conrad and Ajibola Lewis, were allowed to be present despite the hearing being held in private with no press.
They have called for a meeting with Met commissioner Cressida Dick to ensure lessons are learned from the tragedy.
Mr and Mrs Lewis previously accused the police force of a “lack of human decency”.
Mrs Lewis previously told the Advertiser that their family had “turned to the state in desperation” when their son became ill.
They said: “We took them to hospital, which we thought was the best place for him.
"We shall always bear the cross of knowing that instead of the help and care they needed, Seni met with their death.
“Instead of looking after him, they called the police to deal with him.
“We've heard about the brute force with which the police held Seni in a prolonged restraint which they knew was dangerous, a restraint that was maintained until Seni was dead, for all intents and purposes.”
All six officers were attached to Bromley Borough at the time Mr Lewis died and there is still set to be misconduct hearings for two further officers later this year.
It was previously reported that three other officers were also set to appear over misconduct as 11 officers were involved in the restraining of Mr Lewis but when asked on Friday, a Met spokesperson confirmed that no hearing is now due for the trio.
Deborah Coles, director of Inquest, which provides expertise on state-related deaths, said: “Seni was brutalised, neglected and failed and yet no one person at an individual or senior management level has been held to account.
“After a seven-year wait, this is a bitter outcome for Seni's family. We are a lesser society for a system that fails to hold to account police action leading to these preventable deaths from our community.”
Deputy Assistant Commissioner Richard Martin, in charge of the professionalism portfolio at the Met, said: "Our sympathies remain with the family and friends of Mr Lewis.
"I would take this opportunity to repeat on behalf of the Met that we are sorry for their loss, and the circumstances in which Mr Lewis died.
"The actions of the officers have now been subject to two independent investigations, an inquest and a misconduct hearing.
"I have no doubt that each of those officers set out that day to do their very best and to do all they could to help.
"The outcome of the coroner's inquest raised a number of important issues for the MPS, and policing nationally, to consider in relation to restraint techniques and training.
"I would reassure Mr Lewis' family that over the seven years that have passed since Mr Lewis died, the way in which the Met would respond to someone in mental health crisis in a medical institute has fundamentally changed."
Hasegawa 1/32 A6M7 Zero Fighter Type 62 '302 Flying Groups' Kit First Look
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review June 2017 Manufacturer Hasegawa Subject A6M7 Zero Fighter Type 62 '302 Flying Groups' Scale 1/32 Kit Number 08249 Primary Media Styrene Pros Easy build, great details Cons See text Skill Level Experienced MSRP (USD) $79.99
First Look
The Mitsubishi A6M Zero was considered a formidable threat at the beginning of World War 2 because the aircraft was designed as a lightweight fighter that was highly maneuverable. To highlight that distinction, several years ago, the Planes of Fame Museum featured a formation takeoff with their A6M5 and the P-51 Mustang. While both applied military power at the same time, the Zero was off the ground and clearing the runway before the Mustang had even lifted its tail. While subsequent models of the A6M introduced features that enhanced survivability (self-sealing fuel tanks didn't come along until the last production models), the aircraft remained a lightweight, agile fighter.
When Japan lost its long-deck aircraft carriers at Midway, the Imperial Japanese Navy also lost its dive-bombing capabilities as their existing dive-bombers were not suited for their shorter-deck carriers. Since the Zero could easily operate from these shorter flight decks, Mitsubishi developed the Type 62 which replaced the centerline drop tank with a bomb rack capable of lofting a 250kg bomb. Wings and tail structures were reinforced to permit higher dive speeds and recovery while wing racks were added to carry external fuel tanks.
While the subject title '302 Flying Groups' might be confusing, there seems to be a disconnect in Hasegawa's English translation of some of the combat units from World War II. The so-called 302 Flying Groups is actually the 302 Naval Air Group of the Imperial Japanese Navy which was activated in March 1944 and decommissioned in September, 1945. While not much is available in the English language about this unit, it evidently was a shore-based combat unit stationed at Atsugi AB that not only operated the late-model A6M Zero, but also the J2M Raiden interceptor as preserved by the J2M from the Planes of Fame Museum carrying the markings of the 302 Naval Air Group.
In 1978, Hasegawa released their first 1/32 scale A6M5c kit and it remained as one of its core kits for several decades as it was the best Zero in this scale, at least until Tamiya released their own 1/32 scale kits (A6M2b and A6M5c) in 2000. Hasegawa released a new-tool A6M5c kit last year that renders all previous A6M kits obsolete in this scale, with the notable exception of the Tamiya kits. The Tamiya A6Ms remain the best detailed kits of the Zero in any scale, but are they truly the best? Let's take a look:
The kit is molded in light gray styrene and presented on five parts trees plus one tree of flesh-colored parts (pilot figure) and one tree of clear parts. As you would expect, the molded-in detailing is sharp and exquisite with the scribed panel lines and no sign of excessive rivet details. The fabric-covered flight control surfaces look spot-on as well. Among the features and options in this kit:
Very nicely detailed cockpit interior with cockpit wall structures separately molded
Instrument panel nicely detailed with sharp decal instrument faces provided
Pilot figure with choice of three head options
Detailed gunsight
Positionable canopy
Internal fuselage bulkheads for structural strength
Interesting internal frame for horizontal stabilizer tabs to provide strength and alignment
Wing main spar provided to reinforce the wings and wing/fuselage joint
Nicely detailed landing gear and wheel wells
Parts provided to display landing gear up
Nicely detailed Sakae engine with positionable cowl flaps
External fuel tanks and underwing mounts
Centerline bomb rack and 250kg bomb
Markings are provided for two examples:
A6M7, 127, 302 Nags, Atsugi AB, 1945
A6M7, 102, 302 Nags, Atsugi AB, 1945
The decal sheet also provides a nice set of airframe stencils, instrument faces for the instrument panel, and a selection of squadron and rank insignia for the pilot figure.
So which is the better A6M5c kit? Hasegawa or Tamiya? That depends on what you wish to build. Both have terrific details externally and in the cockpit. The Tamiya kit is far more complex which lends itself to the super-detailer and for them, Tamiya is the better choice. For the regular modelers out there that don't want to take a month or more to assemble a complex kit, the Hasegawa kit is the best. Not to mention that the Tamiya kit doesn't build into an A6M7 without some changes. In any case, this is an outstanding new kit from Hasegawa!
My sincere thanks to Hasegawa USA for this review sample!
Each day, I am blessed to have the opportunity to help our great customers solve their business challenges to achieve more.
Continuing on from my prior post: We are discussing the network impact of moving to Office 365 . In this session, we will investigate the bandwidth impact. Before Office 365, my customer's 15,000 users would connect to their on-premises Exchange servers across the LAN. After they transition to Office 365, those 15,000 users would be connecting to their e-mail by going out the customer's network infrastructure over the Internet to Microsoft's Office 365 Data Center. A key question is, “What is the bandwidth required on the customer's Internet connection to support this load?”
To address this question, I would recommend the following approach
Step 1: Measure the network usage against the on-premise Exchange servers
Step 2: Estimate the bandwidth usage with the Exchange Bandwidth Calculator
Step 3: Move some pilot users to Office 365 and measure the bandwidth
Read the entire article here, Planning Your Network for Exchange in Office 365 (Part 2) – Bandwidth, Latency, TCP Connections – Dean Suzuki's Blog Site
via the fine folks at Microsoft
WESLACO, Texas — A Texas lawmaker is lucky to be alive after an apparently stray bullet hit their head during a New Year's celebration early Sunday, authorities said.
State Rep. Armando “Mando” Martinez, D-Weslaco, said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends, and the next thing they knew, “it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head.”
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator's head.
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit.
Martinez, 40, was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen, where surgeons removed the bullet fragment. The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater, the top layer of the brain, doctors told Martinez.
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round, said Martinez, who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital.
“Had it gone any further, I don't think we would be having this conversation,” Martinez said.
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez's survival was nothing short of a miracle.
The sheriff's office is investigating the shooting, and investigators “have reason to believe that (Martinez) was hit by a stray bullet,” county sheriff's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said.
“There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted,” Rodriguez said.
“It was a miracle last night. I was given another chance at life and I'm grateful for it,” Martinez said.
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10.
Netflix/David Lee(LOS ANGELES) — She's Gotta Have It star DeWanda Wise will no longer appear in Captain Marvel.
Wise confirmed the news via an Instagram story post over the weekend, which was captured by Captain Marvel News.
“It's true. I will no longer be in Captain Marvel because the schedule conflicts with Season 2 of She's Gotta Have It,” the actor wrote. “Last week I felt pretty devastated — this week is leaps and bounds better…”
Wise continued, “You see, if you had told me this would happen any year prior to 2016, I would have doubled over with laughter. But here we are — at a moment in culture where scheduling conflicts are rapidly replacing lack of options, and I feel absolutely blessed to be here.”
Wise, who plays She's Gotta Have It's central character Nola Darling, was added to the Marvel superhero movie in January. Now, according to The Hollywood Reporter, Star-Crossed actor Lashana Lynch is reportedly in final negotiations to replace Wise in the film.
Captain Marvel stars Brie Larson as the title character and features Samuel L. Jackson, Jude Law and Ben Mendelsohn. It set for release March 8, 2019.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Over 200 musicians lend support to 'Blurred Lines' appeal The musicians said they feel the copyright decision will negatively affect those looking to create music.
Appeal seeks to overturn 'Blurred Lines' copyright verdict The case centered on whether Thicke and Williams copied the Marvin Gaye hit "Got to Give It Up" for their hit song.
Emily Ratajkowski: 'Blurred Lines' is the 'bane of my existence' “It's weird to me that the reaction to a woman's naked body is so controversial in our culture," they said.
Why Emily Ratajkowski won't be typecast as just another hot body When it comes to Instagram, Emily Ratajkowski has a way with captions — wry observations, quick quips, and other commentary that gives the impression of someone who is funny, smart,...
Robin Thicke's divorce distracted them from 'Blurred Lines' suit The singer and Pharrell were later ordered to pay nearly $7.4 million to three of Marvin Gaye's children earlier this year.
Why the Marvin Gaye ‘Blurred Lines' payout is absurd and worrying So it's decided. Marvin Gaye owns a certain type of “feel.” And don't try to re-create it — otherwise, like Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams, you'll end up owing the...
"Just seeing my daughter go over there and pick a bike... I mean, it's wonderful. It is," Shery Riggs said.
Coca-Cola beat Wall Street estimates with quarterly results on Tuesday, citing more demand for Coke Zero Sugar and new flavors under its Diet Coke brand as overall revenue topped expectations by around $300 million.
Net profit also beat consensus forecasts by 1 cent per share, the drink maker said, and its shares rose about 1 percent to $44.44 in premarket trade.
The company said the launch of its popular low-calorie Diet Coke in sleeker tins and flavors including ginger-lime and feisty cherry drove Diet Coke volumes up 3 percent, marking a return to growth for the brand in North America.
Overall, volumes rose 3 percent, with growth in both sodas and teas and coffees driving much of the gains. Organic sales, that exclude gains from acquisitions or divestitures, rose 5 percent in the first quarter.
“We're encouraged with our first quarter performance…We have the right strategies in place and remain confident in our ability to achieve our full year guidance,” James Quincey, chief executive of Coca-Cola said.
The strong results come as Coke diversifies its portfolio to include more low-sugar drinks with fewer calories to appeal to consumers reaching for healthier produce, while simultaneously spending more on marketing its core Coca-Cola brands.
Coca-Cola maintained its outlook for organic sales growth and earnings per share for the full year.
The Fanta and Sprite maker's net profit rose to $1.37 billion, or 32 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 30 from $1.18 billion, or 27 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, Coke earned 47 cents per share, compared to analysts' estimate of 46 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net revenue fell 16 percent to $7.63 billion, due to the divestment of its bottling operations, but beat analysts' estimate of $7.34 billion.
Bank wants an architecture that will complement its new way of working
As ANZ begins to roll out 'scaled agile' across its Australian workforce, the bank is now considering how to architect its systems to complement this new way of working.
The bank yesterday announced it was starting a formal process to appoint a systems integration partner "to assist in the scoping and design of our technology architecture" to support its new organisation-wide agile approach.
The result will be a "continuously evolving" architecture, the bank's group executive technology Gerard Florian told media at ANZ's Dockside, Melbourne headquarters yesterday, "that's reflective of the changing nature of the way technology today, applications in particular, are written versus the way they used to be done".
"How do you take architecture which historically is one of the key functions, but it's also worked with quite a direct line of control. In this new way of working you have a more distributed control...What is the best way to make sure we keep our architecture appropriately aligned but also flexible enough to evolve?" Florian said.
In May, ANZ CEO Shayne Elliott announced the bank would be implementing scaled agile to achieve a "much less hierarchical ANZ" built around "small, collaborative, self-directed teams focused on delivering continuous improvement".
In keeping with the 'shake-up' of working style, the partnership signals a move from 'big-bang' projects to a model of continuous improvement, Florian says.
"We take that evolving view versus a big bang view, and we are looking to begin that approach to planning our architecture by going out to the market to find an innovative partner that we can work with to help us build some of those models, to get away from that huge project which will tie up a lot of resources and a lot of funds for a long period of time and historically may have delivered some results, if not raging success," Florian said.
"But it's different now. What we deal with today requires a different approach to architecture."
Taking off the blinkers
Florian joined ANZ in November, as part of technology leadership overhaul which saw the departure of CIO Scott Collary.
According to Florian, there are three major pieces of work "that need to work in concert for us to deliver this great customer experience".
The first is working in a more agile way ("The way of working is really important, however it can become the only topic," Florian says), the second is moving the technology from "big projects to services, and those services continuously evolve" and the third is "thinking about our architecture in a different way".
"Our architecture today: whilst the ledger, which was the traditional core system, is a very important part, the way in which we bundle our products; the way in which we price our products; the distribution channel; the role of our mobile services; these are all important as well. So to pick one area and say that is the only thing you need to be concerned about somewhat blinkers your view," Florian said.
"I think the way in which software is being developed today, the way in which applications are working and the role of things like APIs means that having that monolithic single solution limits you a lot."
Florian indicated ANZ would not be replacing its core banking system, which is based on CSC's Hogan. In July last year, then CIO Collary made the case for keeping the system, saying there was "no compelling business case" for overhauling it.
Westpac outlined plans in 2013 to update its operations to Celeriti, starting with St George. CBA committed in 2008 to modernising its existing legacy systems, spending five years and a $1 billion on an SAP-based platform, while NAB began its NextGen initiative with Oracle in 2007.
Let the ledger be the ledger
Along with the architecture, the role of cloud too will continue to evolve, said Florian, who joined the bank from Dimension Data where they were chief strategy officer for the global Cloud Business Unit.
"That will also shift backwards and forwards [between private and public cloud] as technology changes, as regulators adjust their position and customer sentiment changes," they explained.
Once the core ledger is simplified, technologies like blockchain become more realistic, Florian added.
"The way in which many organisations' product ledger has evolved, there are a lot of functions like pricing that have been stacked in there that has made that environment less flexible than we need today. So you take those functions and look and see what are the offerings in the market that do them in a different way. And then enable the ledger to be the ledger," they said.
"Then in ten years, things like blockchain become more realistic once you've got to a point where you've simplified the basic systems. So there's a role for that to play eventually. But you would not be able to do that if your product ledger had all these functionalities intermingled with it."
George Nott flew to Melbourne as a guest of ANZ.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
President Donald Trump speaks at the White House last week. Andrew Harrer / Getty Images
The Times reported that “the officials said that one of the advisers picked up on the calls was Paul Manafort,” Trump's campaign chairperson for several months last year, who had worked as a political consultant in Russia and Ukraine.
The Times said the officials wouldn't name any other Trump associates on the calls.
In an interview with The Times, Manafort said: “This is absurd.”
“I have no idea what this is referring to. I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort told The Times.
“It's not like these people wear badges that say, ‘I'm a Russian intelligence officer,'” they added, according to the Times.
U.S. intelligence officials have said Russia was suspected of being involved in cyber-attacks on Democratic Party institutions during the election. A government intelligence report
released in January concluded that the Russian campaign evolved into an attempt to help Trump win.
NBC News
has reported that U.S. intelligence officials believe Russian President Vladimir Putin became personally involved. Russia has repeatedly denied any involvement.
Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, ranking Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said on MSNBC-TV on Tuesday night that they were not surprised by the Times report. They said they have been trying to get information about possible connection between Trump campaign officials and the Russian government without much cooperation from the Republican chairperson of the committee.
“It is very alarming,” Cummings told MSNBC's Joy-Ann Reid.
The Times report comes a day after Trump's national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, resigned over telephone calls they shared with Russia's ambassador to the United States in December — before Trump took office.
Among the topics discussed were U.S. sanctions imposed by the administration of President Barack Obama against Moscow for its alleged role in the 2016 presidential election,
a senior intelligence official told NBC News.
At a White House press briefing earlier Tuesday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked about Trump's denial in January that anyone in their campaign had been in touch with the Russians during the campaign, and whether Spicer could say that nobody on the campaign had any contacts with the Russians before the election.
“There's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period,” Spicer said.
By Gurman Sahota, February 14 2017 —
Occasionally, a more commercial album is a great decision for a band. But that's not the case for Japandroids and their newest release, Near To The Wild Heart of Life.
From the first track, listeners will recognize a single that could gain commercial success if marketed correctly. Subtle, scratchy vocals with an infectious chorus will no doubt be stuck in your head and set the tone for the rest of the album — it's almost boring.
The first and second tracks blend together, but not in the way that the listener yearns for. There isn't much distinction between the tracks and it isn't until the third song that it feels like the band has put in any effort. Even then, “True Love and a Free Life of Free Will” eventually morphs into the sound of its preceding tracks after an intense and refreshing musical introduction.
The album doesn't get better, but the band does manage to stray from these dull opening tracks to something more entertaining. If anything, the second part of the album is reminiscent of The Verve and their classic 1997 album Urban Hymns. But be warned — where Urban Hymns sounds hip, Near To The Wild Heart of Life sounds dated.
“Midnight to Morning” would work on the soundtrack of a cool, coming-of-age indie movie and is just as sweet. It's one of the album's better songs, with just the right mixture of vocals, lyrics and instrumentals.
There isn't much risk with this album release that relies on guitar riffs and evoking an image of a band that's just starting out — unsure of what their sound should be. However, as this is Japandroids' fourth studio album, it comes off as lazy and lacks the panache of an experienced band.
Comments
ANN ARBOR (CBS Local) – An engineer in Michigan may have just answered the prayers of many parents who have messy children at home. Researchers at the University of Michigan have reportedly created a new coating that's being called an “everything-repellent.”
The Details:
University of Michigan scientists develop “omniphobic” coating that can repel nearly every liquid
Inspired by co-author's dream to create material that would make cleaning up after their child easier
Coating prevents grime buildup on surfaces like tables, floors, walls, even phone screens
‘Everything Repellant' could be game-changer for daycares, homes with young kids
Next phase of study is to ensure material isn't toxic
Anish Tuteja, an associate professor of materials science and engineering, says their team has developed an “omniphobic” substance, which can repel nearly every known liquid. The clear and durable coating was inspired by the scientist's dream to create a material that could make cleaning up after their child a much easier chore.
“I have a 2-year-old at home, so for me, this particular project was about more than just the science,” Tuteja said in a university paper. “We're excited about what this could do to make homes and daycares cleaner places, and we're looking at a variety of possible applications in industry as well.”
According to the team's findings, published in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces, the omniphobic coating can be applied to any surface and would prevent grime from building up on tables, floors, walls, and even phone screens.
The new coating mixes two substances, a bonding agent called fluorinated polyurethane and a molecule known as F-POSS. “The repellent and binder mix together well enough to make a clear coating, but there's a very small amount of phase separation between them,” researcher Mathew Boban explained in a press release. Boban added that the F-POSS will “float to the surface” of the mixture and forms the kid-proof layer.
Tuteja says their team is now studying their new coating to make sure it's not toxic. Items like yoga mats, which contain polyurethane foam, have previously been linked to infertility due to exposure to the flame retardant chemical.
When the NFL announced its new anthem policy, which requires players who chose to come out on the field during the playing of the anthem to “stand and show respect” during its playing, President Donald Trump celebrated the news as if it were a personal victory.
According to the depositions of Jerry Jones and Dolphins owner Stephen Ross, obtained by the Wall Street Journal, the president may have been justified. The two owners admitted that Trump's comments on NFL player protests changed their thinking.
Via The Wall Street Journal:
“I was totally supportive of [the players] until Trump made their statement,” Stephen Ross, the Miami Dolphins' owner and creator of programs advocating for social justice, said in their deposition. Noting that owners' conversations with Mr. Trump were relayed during a league meeting, they said: “I thought they changed the dialogue.”
Jones said they personally spoke with Trump about the issue…
“This is a very winning, strong issue for me,” Mr. Trump said in a phone call, according to a sworn deposition given by Mr. Jones and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. “Tell everybody, you can't win this one. This one lifts me.”
But Jones was reluctant to give Trump too much credit for influencing the league…
“Let's [not] give them that much credit,” they said. “But I recognize he's the president of the United States.”
However, Jones did tell Sports Illustrated last week “[Trump] certainly initiated some of the thinking, and was a part of the entire picture.”
Trump, himself, did not take full credit for the NFL's new policy after it was revealed, although they do seem to consider themselves the catalyst for the rule.
As pulp fiction aficionados, we love a good hostage situation.
By Leonard S. Hyman and William Tilles:
Last week, New Jersey joined the list of states seemingly eager to bail out politically well-connected nuclear power plant operators. Governor Phil Murphy signed a bill that would grant subsidies of up to $300 million per year to the owners of the Salem and Hope Creek nuclear power stations, two plants in southern New Jersey approaching the end of their useful lives.
PSEG Nuclear, an affiliate of the state's largest utility, owns 100% of Hope Creek and 57% of Salem. It made clear that it would not put any new investment into these large, aging power stations without a subsidy, threatening a full closure within a brief period.
As pulp fiction aficionados, we love a good hostage situation. In this case the “hostages” are several thousand utility employees and presumably voters.
The potential adverse economic impact of a power plant closures is regionally significant. State and local governments have become dependent on property and related taxes levied on these facilities. Not surprisingly for this genre the hostages, so to speak, have relatives.
The state legislature's bill would add a surcharge on electric utility customer bills. This would amount to about $40 per year for a typical residential customer, adding a not inconsiderable 3% to the average electric bill in the state. A ransom is also typical in these dramas.
The nuclear plant's owners commissioned a study that laid out the supposed costs of a plant closure. It concluded that average electric bills would increase by 3-4%. Retiring plants of this size and type entails two types of expenditures that would be passed along to ratepayers:
The cost of replacement power.
Accelerated expenditures for nuclear plant closure.
However, the legislature voted to keep the nuclear plants open and raise customer electric bills by almost the amount that closure would have cost.
The study also claimed that the two power stations provided direct and indirect employment of between 1,400 and 4,400 jobs – a significant number in the South Jersey region. No state official or politician wants to see unemployment rise. But presumably the bulk of a highly skilled workforce could find gainful employment elsewhere. And whatever power producing facility replaces the nuclear stations would have to employ workers as well although perhaps not in the same place.
But what of the actual subsidy?
It saves power-plant jobs at a cost of $214,000 per employee per year – if we assume that the direct jobs are the real ones, and $52,000 per year for both direct and indirect jobs. Need we point out that many consumers paying higher electric bill do not earn anything like those figures?
However, there are other issues here, a backstory if you will. At this point our story shifts dramatically and becomes a love affair between the utility industry and ostensibly free markets.
The progeny of this love affair between utilities and markets was the deregulation movement. In New Jersey the regulated utility transferred these two nuclear facilities to the company's unregulated generation arm. The intent was to remove the financial risk of bad decisions from consumers. Hopefully under the new free market regime, the plant owner would absorb financial risks in an effort to earn significant rewards, if any.
We have to admit this jump into markets certainly took guts. Taking a uniquely inflexible, extremely high-cost nuclear power generating asset and expecting it to compete in an emerging wholesale power market was, to put it politely, unrealistic.
One risk of placing these plants within a deregulated framework was the possibility that the wholesale power market itself was badly designed for nuclear plants. Another was the possibility that a change in technology or public attitudes about nuclear energy would render these plants less useful or profitable. It seems safe to say, in retrospect, that neither possibility got much consideration.
What has ensued, rather than a shifting of risk to generators, was an asymmetric profit arrangement tilted heavily to the generators. In periods of relatively high power prices, the unregulated generator raked in the profits at the expense of consumers. But in lean years when power prices softened, the consumers still had to pay for the generator's bad business judgment.
That was the old regulatory formula where the customer was on the hook, so to speak, for all prudently incurred costs but at least somebody kept a lid on profits.
Nuclear power plant owners today argue the markets (as constituted) do not take into account the costs of global climate mitigation. Therefore, old nuclear power plants should be given special consideration because electricity produced by nuclear fission does not emit greenhouse gases.
That is true. But the answer should be to fix the markets. A carbon tax would do that, but nobody likes taxes so regulators permit surcharges on electric bills and pretend those surcharges are not taxes in disguise.
Closing down those nuclear facilities may raise carbon emissions if they are replaced in whole or in part by fossil-fuel power plants. But we are entitled to ask if paying a subsidy to the nuclear stations is or is not the most economical way to keep down carbon emissions. That $300 million per year could go a long way to reducing carbon emissions in other ways.
Furthermore, the electricity market is stagnant in the US. Keeping old plants in service crowds out or hampers the introduction of new technologies. To keep carbon emissions level, old nuclear plants should be replaced by a combination of renewables and energy storage. Shuttering aging nukes could provide incremental local demand for renewables. Perhaps some of the developers might even set up facilities in New Jersey.
Imagine what would have happened if, in the early 1900s, the government had announced that it would subsidize the ownership of all horse drawn carriages in order to maintain employment at stables, carriage manufacturers, and buggy whip makers? Or to subsidize vaudeville theaters to prevent displacement of numerous performers following the introduction of talking pictures?
Disruptions of this sort occur regularly in a competitive, technology driven marketplace. The question is whether the state has better ways to deal with the consequences of disruption than by propping up failing, uncompetitive nuclear power generation businesses.
We imagine the legendary actor Edward G. Robinson in a strutting tough guy role might've summed up the situation as follows: “I told those Jersey pols I was gonna shut those nuke plants, see? They better cough up 300 large or else the plant was gonna get it. And you know what, they all folded like a cheap suit at Macy's, nyah.” End scene. And Jersey electricity customers? Pay up. By Leonard S. Hyman and William Tilles
Should consumers be forced to rescue competitive businesses from the consequences of their own profit-motivated but failed decisions? Read… FirstEnergy Seeks US Gov Rescue. Who Should Pay for Bad Decisions by Capitalists? Not the Capitalists, Obviously
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
The Enugu State Commissioner of Police, Mr Danmallam Mohammad last Tuesday urged officers and men to uphold integrity and uprightness while discharging their duties.
Mohammad gave the charge while addressing officers and men at a one-day human development seminar in Enugu.
The theme of the seminar was: “Marriage Relationship and the Police Duty'', and attended by personnel from various Divisions and Area Commands.
The police chief urged their officers and men to be dedicated and shun all acts of corrupt practices.
“I charge you to reflect on your jobs and find how best to improve and get more committed to your duties,'' Mohammad, who was represented by command's spokesperson, SP Ebere Amaraizu said.
“I urge you to maintain your integrity and not allow temptation or scandal of bribery be mentioned about you or the service you render to the public.
“Also, do not allow your emotion to cause commotion either by being bias or undertaking a wrong judgment in a matter before you,'' they said.
Mrs Chinwe Nzegwu, the Director, Okechi Nze Foundation, urged officers and men to shun extra-marital affairs that would affect their jobs and break-up their homes.
“Officers and men must relate well and happily with their spouses as well as create time to be with them and understand their families instead of spending time with friends outside the home always.
“It is clear that the condition of the home has a lot of impact psychologically on how police personnel carry out their duties. So, let's put our homes in order,'' Nzegwu said.
Mrs Olunubi Adenike, an Enugu-based minister of the gospel, urged officers and men to always draw close to God through daily prayers for God's grace on their families.
“We should make God our provider, and take all burdens in our marriages and even our daily duties to God.
“We ought to always put the children we left at home or school in the protective hands of God through prayers for us to relax and do our jobs effectively,'' Adenike said.
The seminar was organised by the Lead the Youngsters Initiative (L-YI) in collaboration with the Police Public Relations Department, Enugu State Command.
The head of the MTA is stepping down, Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Monday.
MTA Chairman Tom Prendergast, who was promoted to their current position in June 2013, will retire from public service in the next few months.
“Tom Prendergast has overseen the reimagining and modernization of the MTA and will be remembered for improving the commute, and the lives, of millions of New Yorkers who depend on our mass transit system,” Cuomo said in a statement.
The governor noted that the completion of the newly opened Second Avenue Subway “would have been impossible without Tom's leadership and relentless commitment.”
Prendergast's career with the MTA has spanned more than 25 years.
They previously served as president of NYC Transit and president of the Long Island Rail Road.
“It's never easy to leave an organization after 25 years of service, but I do so knowing that the MTA will continue to serve the public so well and that our Governor will ensure New York continues to have the most robust transportation system in the country,” Prendergast said in a statement.
Prendergast added, “Opening the Second Avenue Subway this weekend was a crowning achievement for the MTA and I'm proud to have been a part of such a historic moment.”
Gregg DeGuire/WireImage(LOS ANGELES) — On Tuesday night Kate Upton was revealed as the 2017 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover model on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Jimmy Kimmel had the first interview with Upton after making the announcement during the broadcast.
Upton appeared in a tight white dress and joined Jimmy on the couch to thunderous applause. Kimmel pointed out that this is their third Sports Illustrated cover, but that Elle Macpherson holds the record with five.
Upton revealed that they didn't find out they were on the cover until Monday, but did tell their family, including husband, Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander, who started spring training on Tuesday.
Jimmy said that they hadn't seen the cover yet and then showed them some gag covers, including one of Upton buried in sand.
The actual cover was presented in a projection on the Empire State Building in New York City, and then Kimmel revealed that Sports Illustrated is issuing three collector's covers, with an especially provocative cover featuring Upton in what Kimmel referred to as “a hammock that got torn to bits.”
A website — SI Swimsuit — launched at SI.com/Swimsuit immediately following the broadcast. The announcement kicks off a week of festivities culminating in Vibes by Swimsuit, a music, food and culture festival taking place in Houston, February 17 and 18.
Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs week nights at 11:35 p.m. on ABC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Until last year my son battled with bed wetting, at seven years old it felt as though there was no end in sight and no matter how many incentives I offered it was to no avail. We made an appointment with our local GP – a necessary first step to ensure there were no underlying health problems.
In Adelaide there is a Enuresis Clinic run by The Women's and Children's Hospital (I am sure there is something similar in each state) and we were placed on the waiting list. It was a long wait, almost a year but there was no change during that time so when the call came, we jumped at the chance.
Within three months they were “cured” and they reached the goal of being able to go on their first school camp, without incident. Since we finished the clinic there has not been a single accident and they are a much happier, more confident child. As it can be such a long wait to get help and it can be one of those topics which can cause embarrassment, I thought I would share some of the strategies given to us during the clinic.
Drink more water. The first step was simple. During the day, drink more water. Kids get busy and don't always make the time to drink during the day, and when they are at school it is difficult to monitor. I didn't realise how little they were drinking during the day until we started talking about it. When they drink more water it helps to stretch their bladder, and this teaches their body to hold more water, which is essential during the night. We started with one glass in the morning with breakfast, a 750ml drink bottle before 1pm and 2 glasses after school. They then had to stop drinking completely after 5pm. No soft drinks, no sugary cordial – just water.
Give them the responsibility. Create a chart to record how much water they are drinking and mark when they have a dry night, do this every single day until they have been dry for two weeks straight. Teach your child to do this charting themselves as it helps to make them accountable. When they wet the bed, they were responsible for changing their sheets and putting them in the laundry. Giving them the power over their own body and their actions will help break the habit.
Ditch the nappies. As stressful as it can be washing sheets every day (especially during winter), it is important to get rid of the nappies. They need to be aware of the “wet” feeling so it will hopefully wake them up. Nappies are also a safety net and may contribute to laziness. Use mattress protectors instead, it won't be forever.
Don't wake them up. The other big “no” was not to wake them up in the night to go to the toilet. The logic is simple, their body either needs to learn to hold on, or to wake them up when they need to go to the toilet. Automatically, without assistance. And, to be honest I tried the “waking up” thing and it actually didn't help, they would still always wet during the night.
Try an alarm. A bed wetting alarm is part of the Enuresis Clinic but we didn't start using it until they had their drinking and charting under control. The alarm pad is placed on the bed and once they start to wet, it lets off an ear-peircingly loud alarm sound. Not fun for Mum. This wakes the child up, and ideally stops them in their tracks – and they get up and go to the toilet. My son learnt to hold on through the night, they are a deep sleeper and rarely wakes up, so the water drinking (bladder stretching and charting) strategy seemed to be the key to their success. You may even be able to hire an alarm from your local chemist.
Be positive (and patient). Shaming your child is not going to work, in fact it is likely to make it worse. There are a large number of school aged children who still wet the bed, and it is nothing to be ashamed of. Positive reinforcement and support in the process is going to be more worthwhile. If they do have an accident, try again tomorrow. It will take time, but you have to put in the effort and be prepared to persevere.
I hope you found some of these tips helpful, bed wetting can be stopped – you may just need to try some new strategies. A checkup from your GP is a good idea, and if it is an issue you may be referred to a Enuresis Clinic like we were.
You May Also Like:
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United have agreed a deal to snap up Japan star Yosuke Ideguchi from Gamba Osaka, but they will be instantly loaned out in January.
The Whites have been tracking the midfielder for several months and, with the January transfer window now looming on the horizon, have made their move.
The Yorkshire giants have done a deal worth £500,000, including add-ons, according to the Yorkshire Evening Post.
Ideguchi will be added to the books at Elland Road when the transfer window officially opens in less than a month's time, but they will not play for the club this term.
The Japan international will not qualify for a work permit, meaning Leeds are planning to send them on loan in January to a club outside England.
However, Leeds are confident the Japanese midfielder will qualify for a work permit in time for next season.
Leeds are tipped to make signings in the January window as they look to strengthen their squad in anticipation of a second half of the season promotion push.
Director of football Victor Orta has been busy since they arrived, and the Spaniard has focused on signing players from abroad, with Ideguchi another example.
The Whites beat QPR at Loftus Road 3-1 on Saturday to sit seventh in the Championship standings.
The 2017 state budget significantly changed the way the state's nearly 2,500 principals are paid, and that has members of the State Board of Education simultaneously grateful and worried.
The new budget provides almost $35 million more for principal pay across the board -- good news in North Carolina, which ranked last out of 50 states in average school administrator pay last year according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The General Assembly also shifted principal's salary schedules from a model based on experience -- including increases for longevity and advanced degrees -- to one based on school improvement, measured in test scores. The State Board of Education heard a report on the changes at its September meeting.
Under the new schedule, many principals will see raises and other, mainly veteran, principals face losses of up to around $20,000.
The boost in pay will be felt more by principals currently at the bottom of the pay scale, and especially by principals whose schools exceed growth benchmarks for standardized tests. State lawmakers say the new formula rewards principals who go to low-performing schools and turn them around.
Overall, the new salary formula reduces the top of the principal pay scale from over $110,000 to under $90,000.
About 350 principals would have seen pay cuts this year under the new schedule, but their salaries are currently being protected under a "hold harmless" clause set to expire next June. The Board voted today to direct its staff and State Superintendent Mark Johnson to call on the General Assembly to extend those salary protections.
Their concern is that many veteran principals will react by retiring.
"If that happens, we will have a tremendous drain of experience that will walk out of the door in many districts," said the Board's Vice Chair A.L. "Buddy" Collins.
Many principals are under contract to give notice of their retirement -- some as long as 6 months.
"They have a decision window that's going to close, probably before the legislature returns in the short session to make further adjustments to the law," Collins said.
The Board resolved to communicate to the legislature "the State Board's appreciation for the additional funding for principal pay" as well as "the urgency in extending the principal pay hold harmless provision" during the General Assembly's current special session.
The General Assembly passed its technical corrections bill later the same day. The bill included a change to the principal pay measure that extended the "hold harmless" clause to principals paid on a teacher pay schedule, who would have seen pay cuts during this fiscal year due to the technical language of the appropriations bill. The State Board of Education does not know how many principals fell into that category, but those principals are separate from the 350 currently being held harmless.
United(SALT LAKE CITY) — In the wake of one of United Airlines' biggest PR fiascos to date — a video of a bloodied passenger literally being yanked from their seat that quickly went viral — other United customers are also complaining about alleged mistreatment by the airline.
A Utah couple en route to their wedding on Saturday told ABC affiliate KHOU that United kicked them off a flight to Costa Rica after they moved up a few rows to avoid disturbing a man they said was sleeping in their assigned seats. The couple, Michael Hohl and Amber Maxwell, said the incident took place on United Airlines Flight 1737 between Houston and Liberia, Costa Rica.
“They said it was not their problem — their words exactly, not their problem,” Hohl said. “Life goes on, but the way United handled this was absolutely absurd.”
According to Hohl and a statement United provided to ABC News, the incident began when the couple, who had purchased seats in economy class, instead moved to “upgraded seating.” The couple had moved from a standard row in the economy cabin to “economy-plus” seats, which boast a few extra inches of legroom. What happened when crew members noticed that the couple had changed their seats is a matter of dispute and a classic case of they said, they said.
Hohl said they and their fiance offered to pay for the upgraded seating. United said that the passengers were “offered the opportunity to pay the difference in fare” but “declined” to do so.
Hohl said the pair eventually moved back to the right row, while the airline contends they refused to follow crewmember instructions to return to the seats they'd originally purchased.
Hohl said they were escorted off the aircraft by Federal Air Marshals. But both United and the TSA, which runs the air marshal service, denies FAMS officers (or any other law enforcement personnel, for that matter) were involved.
“We're disappointed anytime a customer has an experience that doesn't measure up to their expectations,” United said in a statement. The airline added that it offered the couple a discounted hotel rate and rebooked them on a flight the following day.
But for their part, Hohl warned: “They're gonna start losing money if they keep treating their patrons like this.”
Already, the high-profile video of Dr. Dao, the passenger involuntarily bumped off the flight and dragged down the aisle last Sunday — as well as the incidents that have come to light since then — have hit a chord with consumers. In the immediate aftermath of the Dao video, United stock plunged 4.4%.
In a statement on Monday, United CEO Oscar Munoz called the incident with Dr. Dao “a humbling experience” and said it would “prove to be a watershed moment” for the company.
The incident also puts the airline in a particularly precarious position when it comes to dealing with aggrieved passengers.
Immediately dismissing customers' concerns could put United at risk of being called tone-deaf — an accusation leveled against Munoz after they initially defended their employees and accused Dao of being “disruptive and belligerent.”
(He later clarified on ABC's “Good Morning America” that their initial response failed to communicate “what we were feeling…shame and embarrassment.” They also apologized publicly to Dr. Dao, saying, “no one should be treated that way, period.”)
However, as ABC's legal analyst Dan Abrams points out, quickly settling lawsuits with passengers could encourage more of them.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Romania's former Prime Minister Victor Ponta has told Euronews they want to stop the country from turning into a new Hungary.
They launched their political comeback bid this week after resigning three years ago following anti-corruption protests sparked by a deadly nightclub fire.
Eastern Europe has been on the receiving end of European Union largesse ever since it joined the bloc. But eastern members likely have a big fight on their hands as the bloc's establishment attempts to link further aid to compliance with its vision of European values.
There are many fault lines in Europe, but when it comes to battles over money, it's east versus south. The Financial Times has reported that in the next seven-year budget, to be presented on May 2, the Commission plans to shift "tens of billions of euros" from countries such as Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic to crisis-hit southern European nations such as Greece and Spain. The cohesion part of the budget, according to the London paper, will now become a "cohesion and values" category, directly linking outlays officially meant for nations with less than 90 of the EU average gross national income per capita to compliance with tenets such as the rule of law, democracy and human rights. Since the EU is openly worried about how these values are treated by the nationalist governments of Hungary and Poland and about the eastern European united front against EU-approved refugee quotas, better-behaved southern nations are the obvious targets for redistribution.
German Guenther Oettinger, in charge of the EU's budget affairs, hasn't confirmed that this is how the budget will be rearranged. "Really?" was their sarcastic reply to the FT piece. But they needn't play coy; there is clearly support for that way of thinking. "It is also the moment to consider how the link between EU funding and the respect for the EU's fundamental values can be strengthened," the Commission remarked in a February paper written for the benefit of member states' national leaders.
The EU budget isn't large. This year's commitments reach 160.1 billion euros ($195.5 billion), but it's only about 2 percent of the total spending by EU governments and 1 percent of their gross national income. And yet, the EU pays out enough in absolute terms to make its contributions important to specific economies.
Since 2004, when eastern European countries joined the EU, they have been the focus of its cohesion efforts while Italy -- the country that has recently borne the brunt of refugee arrivals -- has been, and remains, a net contributor.
A Generous EU Net benefits to selected countries from the EU budget, 2004-2016 Source: European Commission
On recent reporting trips to Poland and Hungary, I heard from both government and independent economists that with less cohesion funding from the EU, these countries' impressive economic growth would stall. Hungary in particular received, on a net basis, the equivalent of 4.5 percent of its economic output in EU subsidies in 2016, the latest year for which data are available. Cuts to cohesion funding could spell disaster for the nationalist eastern European governments' economic policies, designed to improve the lot of the poorest citizens in the least developed areas -- not coincidentally, also the nationalists' core electorate.
In both Hungary and Poland, the governments are fiscally conservative: Cutting external debt is one of their most important goals as they strive for more economic sovereignty. So the social programs they have approved, including generous assistance to families -- in line with the nationalists' demographic goals -- could be severely undermined by lower EU inflows. For example, one of the key reasons the Law and Justice Party (PiS) retains popularity in Poland -- a benefit of 500 zlotys ($145) a month to families with two children, or even with one child if family income is low -- costs some 5 billion euros a year. In 2016, Poland received 7.12 billion euros from the EU on a net basis. Cut even half of that and the family subsidy will create a major hole in the Polish budget.
The eastern European governments will fight this every step of the way. Zoltan Kovacs, chief spokesperson for the Viktor Orban government, told me in Budapest:
The money we get from the EU is not a gift. We're getting money because we opened our markets in a disadvantageous position: Our firms were less competitive and not as well-capitalized as western European ones, and that's still the case. It's inevitable because it's the nature of integration, but compensation is due. We see the heroic efforts, trying to connect the cohesion funds to other issues, but hang on, under the EU treaties they have nothing to do with each other. If that money's not coming, it will mean the rules have changed.
Polish government officials have made the same point, describing cohesion funds as a means of compensating Poland for its economic colonization by western European banks and firms.
On the one hand, it doesn't make sense for the EU to help prickly nationalist parties channel money to their voter base so they can keep consolidating their power over courts and media and, ultimately, reducing the competitiveness of elections. On the other hand, trying to displace the nationalists by cutting their funding would be a transparently hostile act against governments that have strong voter support. And it's worth considering how they could respond.
The Polish and Hungarian governments will likely seek to recoup the money through special taxes, a practice pioneered by Orban after their return to power in 2010. Retail, media, energy and financial companies have had to pay levies on assets and revenues to fund the Orban government's social programs, and these levies are likely to increase to make up for any shortfall in EU funding. Nationalists could also retaliate by tilting their formidable propaganda machines against the bloc and become even more intractable in their dealings with it. Those kinds of disputes aren't what the EU needs before its Brexit scars -- including budgetary ones -- even begin to heal.
Confining action to a few symbolic cuts may alienate the southern Europeans. Greece, with 20 percent unemployment, and Italy with more than 10 percent -- both forced to deal with throngs of Middle Eastern and African immigrants who arrive by sea -- are perhaps in more need of EU funding than the east European countries with their labor shortages and border fences.
If Oettinger's proposal for the 2021-2027 budget stirs up this hornet's nest, and it almost certainly will, the approval process -- which requires a unanimous vote by national leaders as well as the consent of the European Parliament -- can stretch out for years, beyond the life span of the current Commission, whose mandate runs out next year. It can also hurt the EU more that the amount of money involved would warrant. To get economic cohesion right, the EU needs more political cohesion, and at this point, it's not forthcoming.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.
If you were walking the exhibition hangars at Sun ‘n Fun last week, you might have come across Hangarswap.com, and its creator, pilot and aviation entrepreneur Rachel Payne. What she's up to with their site, hangarswap.com, is cool, but it could be a lot more than that, too.
Payne, a hot-pink haired ball of enthusiasm for aviation, got into the airplane business when they were just 15 years old by selling used plane parts on eBay. They have turned that part time high school job into a mini empire. Them salvage yard near Orlando, Florida, is a must-visit destination for those hard-to-find parts for our GA aircraft. But for the past couple of years, Payne has been promoting a whole new kind of online experience. After getting frustrated by eBay's high commission (10 percent and a max of $750 per sale), Payne decided to start their own dedicated auction site, hangarswap.com, that's just now getting a facelift. The site charges only five percent commission, it has a max fee of $300 per transaction, and when you search for “Beechcraft,” it doesn't autocorrect it to “Beach House.”
Payne also insists on opening the flow of conversation among hangarswap.com buyers and sellers, a practice that eBay controls for fear of losing commissions to direct sales between the buyers and sellers. This allows easy exchange of questions and answers between the parties, so there are fewer misunderstandings, says Payne. Being smaller, Rachel and their friendly staff can also help arbitrate disputes, though they say that because their crowd is friendlier and more knowledgeable than the typical eBayers, there's usually not much to arbitrate.
Unlike eBay, hangarswap.com is run by airplane nuts, including Payne, who currently flies a Cessna 210. They admit to being a bit of a packrat when it comes to things like plane parts, vintage motorcycles and funky art, though they deny they have a problem. Them motto, and that of hangarswap.com, says it all, “It's not hoarding if your stuff is cool.” Amen.
Mike Francesa so badly wanted to return to WFAN, they approached upper management of the radio's parent company, Entercom, and accepted a “significant pay cut” compared to their previous salary, according to sources.
Francesa, who is expected to begin hosting in the afternoons again on FAN early next month, had been making around $3 million before deciding to “retire” Dec. 15. The exact amount of the pay cut is not known.
The decision to bring Francesa back occurred above WFAN vice president Mark Chernoff's head, according to sources. Chernoff was not a proponent of bringing Francesa back. The deal came together quickly in the last week, according to sources.
Francesa desperately wanted to return to FAN because they had few options that matched the size of their ego and the amount of money they requested after being free to sign with anyone beginning April 1.
Their old partner, Chris “Mad Dog” Russo, brokered talks with SiriusXM in which Francesa would have teamed with Russo once a week and then host solo programs on other days, Russo said on their show Tuesday. Francesa had no interest in following Russo, and the money was not what they desired.
Russo, for one, did not think Francesa looked good by retreating to FAN at “60 cents on the dollar.”
“If you change your mind [about retiring], you look like a horse's fanny,” Russo said on their program Tuesday.
Francesa's new show is expected to run from 3-6:30 p.m. each weekday. Their replacements, Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott, will move to the 1-3 p.m. slot, while Evan Roberts and Joe Benigno will lose an hour and now run from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., as they had previously.
FAN acknowledged talks with Francesa, but offered no official details.
Francesa, 64, did not return a call seeking comment on Tuesday.
While CMB lost in the winter book to the 98.7 ESPN New York's “Michael Kay Show” by two-tenths of a point, Francesa may have returned even if CMB had squeaked out a victory.
After The Post reported Monday that Francesa, who said they could not talk about specific stations, was trying to return to FAN, Francesa confirmed they were going back to the station in a statement to Newsday on Tuesday.
see also How Mike Francesa's replacements are handling their return Mike Francesa's replacements are better at one thing than the...
Francesa had a conspiracy theory that there was a group, apparently at FAN, who was trying to prevent their return.
“This is for those who started this campaign in recent days,” Francesa said. “I didn't decide to go back to WFAN until I was told I better not go back. For those behind it, that was the moment I decided to return.”
Later, Russo said on their radio show that Carlin sent an explicit text to them and Francesa after the duo made fun of the state of FAN, during an appearance on Russo's MLB Network “High Heat” show. Russo and Francesa kidded about people at the radio station losing their jobs.
Russo said the text from Carlin said, “Blank my you know what.”
Russo said they let it slide, but Francesa did not.
An independent source confirmed the text. Carlin did not return a message seeking confirmation.
Carlin opened the CMB show Tuesday addressing the Francesa situation, taking the high road.
“All I could tell you is this: We are not going anywhere, we are going to be a big part of this radio station for a long time and this is a business,” Carlin said. “You are talking about someone in Mike who was wildly successful for 30 years, so it only makes business sense to welcome someone like that back into the fold. Is it awkward? Of course it is.”
Scott joked they wanted to keep the job, because they just wants to be able to get out of the house each day.
According to the former WFAN host and now Don Imus replacement, WABC's Sid Rosenberg, not being home is one of the reasons that Francesa is coming back.
“He crawled back to WFAN because they came to the realization, I don't want to be home with Roe and my three kids,” Rosenberg said in a phone interview, referencing Francesa's wife. “He is only in their early 60s.  They are not Imus' age.  They are not 77 so they want to work, they want to make some money. They have a very lavish lifestyle. They don't want to be home with their wife and kids.”
 They are not expected to be welcomed with open arms by their FAN colleagues after the comments on “High Heat.” Boomer Esiason, half of the FAN's morning team, called Francesa “classless.”
After a more-than-year-and-a-half retirement tour, Francesa could have stayed at FAN on a few occasions, but decided against it. When former morning host Craig Carton was arrested in an alleged Ponzi scheme, Francesa offered to stay, but wanted a raise. Executives balked, and sources indicate that FAN felt it could be financially successful with CMB because the trio is believed to make a third or less combined of the around $3 million that Francesa was pulling in. Carlin, Gray and Scott are all signed to two-year deals.
Even with Francesa and CMB's new salary, FAN is still paying less than it was before, so Entercom decided bringing Francesa back at a discount was too good to pass up.
They want no education — especially if it's at August Martin HS in Queens. The troubled Springfield Gardens school is the least popular in the entire city, Department of...
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is investigating after two people were shot on the near northeast side of Indianapolis Wednesday morning.
According to dispatch, the shooting happened in the 2300 block of North Dearborn Street around 10:32 a.m.
Police say the suspect is in custody.
There is no word on the condition of the victims.
This is a developing story. Check back at WISHTV.com and click on this story for updates, or watch WISH-TV at noon.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
SOLIDARTY TD RUTH Coppinger got a stern talking to by the Dáil's Leas Ceann Comhairle today after they held up a Repeal sign during Leaders' Questions.
Coppinger was asking Taoiseach Leo Varadkar about regulations which resulted in the Project Arts Centre in Dublin's Temple Bar being forced to paint over Maser's Repeal the 8th mural.
After being removed from the wall in 2016, it returned to the side of the building, located on East Essex Street earlier this month. However, the Charities Regulator issued the centre with a warning last week that it would risk losing its charitable status if the mural remained.
“I think that it says something about the fear of the Irish establishment in this country that is has allowed these laws to really completely narrow political expression and political art in this way,” the TD said in the Dail today.
“We had a situation in the Dáil where a group of TDs wore a Repeal jumper an in jig time a committee ruled out the wearing of any political slogans.
“I would just like to know what the Taoiseach and others think is so offensive about this that it should be banned by a state body.”
As they continued, both Coppinger and their party colleague Paul Murphy held up posters with the mural's image on them, as well as the slogan ‘You can take down a mural but you can't take down a movement”.
And would you agree with me that we should challenge that and we should say no, there's nothing wrong with a heart that calls for Repeal and we should not allow political censorship?
Coppinger was reprimanded by Leas Ceann Comhailre Pat the Cope Gallagher, who told her:
“You've asked me to ensure that I implement the Standing Orders and I also ask you and your group to do the same.”
They later said they may have to take action against the TD, as Oireachtas rules prohibit anyone from displaying a political logo in the Houses of the Oireachtas.
Responding to Coppinger's question about the removal of the mural, Taoiseah Leo Varadkar said the decision had been taken by the regulator and not the government.
“I've no doubt that the mural will appear elsewhere, perhaps somebody who owns a private building may wish to make space available for the mural to be reinstated,” they said.
While you can paint over a mural, you certainly can't paint over an issue and the issue is that nine women every day are forced to travel overseas in order to end their pregnancies and three women every day – and it's only going to rise into the future – are importing abortion pills and are taking them without medical supervision and guidance, often in their own homes.
They said there is now an opportunity to change that, to “stop turning a blind eye” and face “the reality of abortion in Ireland”.
While they said they did not find the mural in any way offensive, they said they do not think murals or posters are going to change people's minds.
MARION, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say an Ohio man has been charged criminally after using Facebook Live to record a beating.
The Marion Star reports 30-year-old Thomas Patton, of Marion, was indicted Wednesday on one count of felonious assault.
Marion police say Patton was arrested after officers found video posts on their Facebook page that included the beating and one in which they say he'd punch the first person they saw walking down the street.
Police say officers responded Sept. 20 to a call about a 21-year-old man who said he'd been assaulted by a stranger. An affidavit says the man was punched in the face several times and received treatment for a broken nose.
Police say Patton admitted to the assault after being arrested.
Court records don't indicate whether Patton has an attorney.
BEIRUT — The United Nations children's agency said Sunday 137 children stranded in a rebel-held suburb near the Syrian capital require immediate evacuation amid a crippling siege in which five have reportedly died from a lack of medical care.
The Eastern Ghouta suburb, home to 400,000 residents, has been besieged since 2013 and humanitarian conditions there have deteriorated sharply amid violence that intensified since Nov. 14. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says at least 202 people, including 47 children, have been killed since.
The area, the last remaining rebel-held pocket near the capital Damascus, is technically part of a "de-escalation zone" brokered by Russia earlier this year. Cease-fires brokered by Russia have largely held elsewhere in Syria but there has been little progress toward a political solution to the conflict that has claimed nearly 400,000 lives since it began in 2011.
Syrians make their way through debris following a reported air strike in the rebel-held town of Beit Sawa, in the eastern Ghouta region on the outskirts of the capital Damascus, on December 3, 2017. AMER ALMOHIBANY / AFP - Getty Images
Syrian opposition and government delegates are currently in Geneva for a new round of U.N.-sponsored talks after a short break. The government delegation has protested the opposition's insistence on the absence of President Bashar Assad from any future transition period.
After a few days' absence, the government delegation returned to Geneva Sunday for talks which are due to resume Monday.
In its statement Sunday, UNICEF said its aid workers described seeing one of the worst health situations since the conflict began in 2011 during a rare international aid convoy to a neighborhood in the Eastern Ghouta district at the end of November.
UNICEF says 137 children, aged between 7-months to 17-years, require immediate evacuation for conditions that include kidney failure, severe malnutrition and conflict wounds.
"Children are still living through so much horror," said UNICEF Representative in Syria Fran Equiza. "The situation is getting worse day by day. The health system is crumbling and schools have now been closed for almost a month. Sick children desperately need medical evacuation, and many thousands more are being denied the chance of a normal, peaceful childhood."
UNICEF says that nearly 12 per cent of children under 5 years-old in Eastern Ghouta suffer from acute malnutrition — the highest rate ever recorded since the start of the conflict in Syria.
When Justin Timberlake takes the stage at Super Bowl LII for the halftime show Sunday at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, there is at least one famous name who thinks they need to make reparations.
“If he's such a gentleman, he'd make sure Janet [Jackson] is there,” Joseph Jackson told The Post.
The singer's father is not the only one who thinks that Timberlake should make amends for Nipplegate — the infamous 2004 Super Bowl scandal that bruised Jackson's career and their ego, after a planned stunt turned into a costume malfunction, leaving their bare breast exposed to 140 million viewers.
Since it was announced that Timberlake would be performing at this year's big game, Twitter has been alight with the #JusticeForJanet hashtag, as users call out the privilege suggested by Timberlake being asked to perform again, while Jackson was not.
Timberlake has stayed mum about including Jackson in their halftime show, although they recently told Beats 1 host Zane Lowe that the two had “absolutely” made peace.
But Jackson family insiders say that just because the singer has forgiven Timberlake for not standing up for them when they were vilified for the incident, they haven't forgotten.
“Justin's solo career took off after that and Janet was blackballed,” one family member said. “He says they are good, but let's see them prove it and bring them out.”
‘Justin's solo career took off after that and Janet was blackballed'
So what really happened in 2004 at Reliant Stadium (now NRG Stadium) in Houston? Conspiracy theories abound that the wardrobe “malfunction” was secretly planned by Jackson and Timberlake, but Jackson sources say that's not the case.
They admit, however, that there was great mystery in the run-up to that halftime show.
“When some of us went to Houston, we were told they were doing rehearsals,” said a relative. “People from the NFL and MTV were there so [we] thought we would get a preview of the performance.”
Instead, security advised that final rehearsals were closed to everyone.
“We had heard that they were experimenting on some sort of elaborate production,” the relative added.
It's easy to forget that Jackson and Timberlake were not the only acts that night. Produced by MTV — who had previously organized the 2001 halftime event — the show first featured performances by Jessica Simpson, Diddy, Nelly and Kid Rock. Jackson took the stage with a marching band for their 1989 hit “Rhythm Nation,” then was joined by Timberlake for their “Rock Your Body.”
The two had a sexy, playful chemistry and had previously been rumored to have been hooking up. Jackson was in the early throes of a romance with producer Jermaine Dupri, but “everyone — including [her mother] Katherine knew the chemistry was there,” a Jackson insider said.
You could practically feel the heat as the two gyrated against each other onstage. At the end of the number, while singing “I'm gonna have you naked by the end of this song,” Timberlake reached across Jackson's chest, grabbing their right breast and ripping off part of their top — exposing their bare breast, the nipple completely covered by a large silver sun attached by a piercing.
Looking back at video of the incident, it's hard to make out Jackson's expression immediately after, as their face was mostly obscured by their hair, but they quickly covered themselves with their hand. In photos from the event, Timberlake looks shell-shocked.
Jackson later explained to their mother that the cups of their top had been attached with a Velcro-like fabric that could easily be manipulated or opened to reveal a red lace bra underneath, according to the family source.
The source confirmed that Jackson and Timberlake had hatched a plan for them to rip off the top's cup, but didn't alert MTV, CBS, the NFL or even their backup dancers.
“They were like, let's make this real and show the meaning behind [the song],” the Jackson insider said.
“Her red bra was all that was supposed to show, no nipple, no exposure,” the insider said. “It was meant to be a little racy, but nobody meant for their breast to show. It became a big deal because Justin grabbed the costume much too hard and, instead of pulling the one small part, they tore the bra part, too.” (Representatives for Timberlake did not return calls for comment.)
Behind the scenes, there was confusion, as MTV executive producer Salli Frattini, recalled to ESPN The Magazine in 2014: “There was lots of chaos in the [production truck, and we played it back and we were like, ‘Oh, s – – t. What just happened?' ”
At first, Jackson — who flew out of Houston that night — had no idea just how big the fallout would be. “At that point, they were just a little upset — a little troubled that their breast was seen in front of the biggest audience in history,” the family member recalled.
But when they exited the stage, no one — including reps from AOL and the NFL, as well as Nelly — would look at them
“No one said anything when they left the stage,” the family member added. “It was like, ‘Uh-oh, we've got trouble.'”
Before the game was over and the Patriots had beaten the Panthers, 32-29, Jackson's representative had issued the first statement, explaining that Timberlake was supposed to have pulled off the bustier cup only, not the bra itself.
The NFL responded quickly to the incident, making clear it was “disappointed.” The league's then executive vice president, Joe Browne, said “it's unlikely that MTV will produce another Super Bowl halftime.” (Indeed, the network has not.)
MTV released a statement claiming that “the tearing of Janet Jackson's costume was unrehearsed, unplanned, completely unintentional and was inconsistent with assurances we had about the content of the performance.” The network's then CEO, Tom Freston, alleged that Jackson alone had “engineered” the stunt.
Over the next week, some 200,000 viewers reportedly complained to the FCC, which later fined CBS $550,000; the decision was tied up in the court system for eight years before finally being tossed out in favor of CBS.
AOL, which had sponsored the halftime event, asked for a refund on its $10 million investment. Advertiser McDonald's called the incident “inappropriate” — but did not drop Timberlake as its “I'm lovin' it” spokesperson.
At first, Timberlake was flippant about Nipplegate, telling Access Hollywood that, “We love giving you all something to talk about.” But they changed their tune shortly after that, saying, “I'm sorry if anyone was offended.”
Jackson meanwhile, issued both written and taped statements, absolving MTV, CBS and the NFL and saying, “It was not my intention that it go as far as it did.”
But the damage was already done.
The weekend after the Super Bowl, Timberlake and Jackson had been scheduled to appear at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards on CBS, where both were slated to perform. Timberlake's performance happened. Jackson, who was supposed to lead a tribute to Luther Vandross, was allegedly uninvited.
Them punishment didn't end there.
When Jackson's “Damita Jo” album came out two months after the 2004 Super Bowl, they were facing a mountain of obstacles. As Rolling Stone reported, Viacom — the parent company then of both CBS and MTV — [hit] back . . . by essentially blacklisting her, keeping their music videos off their properties MTV, VH1 and radio stations under their umbrella. The blacklist [spread] to include non-Viacom media entities as well.”
Jackson told relatives that they were embarrassed and feared she'd never perform again.
“Radio stations wouldn't play their music. Them album, which was great, suffered,” the family member recalled. Billboard reported that “Damita Jo” was their worst-selling album over a 20-year span, despite receiving largely favorable reviews.
So devastating was the backlash, Jackson stopped attending family gatherings and shut out those closest to them “She'd drive by [the family's Encino estate] in their bright yellow Jeep. We'd see them but she'd keep going,” a second relative said. “It was like they didn't know what to do.”
Loved ones and friends, including filmmaker Tyler Perry, became concerned about Jackson's health.
‘MTV ought to be ashamed, my family helped build MTV . . . and this is the thanks we get.' - Jermaine Jackson
“She's going into depression, she's not herself,” their brother Jermaine said at the time. “Justin needs to hold a press conference and condemn CBS, MTV and everyone else for what they're doing to Janet. MTV ought to be ashamed, my family helped build MTV . . . and this is the thanks we get.”
It took two years before Timberlake would tell MTV News: “If you consider it 50-50, then I probably got 10 percent of the blame. I think America is harsher on women. I think America is unfairly harsh on ethnic people.”
Not long after that, Jackson admitted to Oprah Winfrey that while Timberlake had reached out to her, they aren't ready to reply.
“Friendship is very important to me, and certain things you just don't do to friends,” they said. “In my own time, I'll give them a call.”
When Winfrey asked if Timberlake had “left [her] out there hanging,” Jackson replied, “To a certain degree.” They added that all the blame had been put on “me, as opposed to us.”
To this day, Jackson's Waterloo has shaped the culture in unexpected ways.
As a result of the incident, the FCC instituted a five-second tape delay on Super Bowl performances, allowing censors time to catch offensive material.
see also How Super Bowl is protecting itself from Nipplegate sequel Timberlake will perform Sunday at Super Bowl LII's halftime show...
Coincidentally or not, no women appeared again at the halftime show until 2011 when the Black Eyed Peas — including Fergie — took the stage.
Most remarkably, we have Nipplegate to thank for YouTube. Co-founder Jawed Karim told USA Today that they were inspired to create the video site in 2005 after not being able to find any footage of the incident online.
Some who condemned Jackson have finally admitted it was too much.
In 2014, former FCC chairperson Michael Powell told ESPN the Magazine that the committee had acted “unfairly” toward the singer. “It all turned into being about her,” Powell said. “In reality, if you slow the thing down, it's Justin ripping off them breastplate.”
As for Timberlake, they recently said that they “stumbled through” their handling of the situation. Jackson family insiders reveal they had to ask a few times before Jackson finally agreed to quietly meet up with them a few years ago in Los Angeles. After talking for a while, the two patched up their differences and sealed their friendship with a kiss and a long embrace.
That said, however, the Jackson insider explained that, “Publicly, Janet will tell everyone she's forgiven Justin, but privately, she's reluctant to trust him. He's reached out to them about doing some things together but I don't think she's ready for that. Are they still angry? No. They don't wish them any ill will. Do they still think about it? Not all of the time, but certainly since he's doing the halftime show again, it's definitely been a dinner table topic.”
The insider said that more than anything, Jackson is disappointed. “[Timberlake] used to dig them but when it came to supporting them after what happened, they disappeared. That's not too manly and they didn't deserve that. Even if she's chosen to forgive him, it doesn't mean she's gotten past how they didn't man up.
“We believe [the Super Bowl is a chance for them to] show them . . . and the world that they were wrong. They should insist that they come out and do something even if it's just them apologizing publicly in front of the whole stadium. It's not too late.”
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
New Year, poetry
Well, so that is that. Now we must dismantle the tree,
Putting the decorations back into their cardboard boxes—
Some have got broken—and carrying them up to the attic.
The holly and the mistletoe must be taken down and burnt,
And the children got ready for school. There are enough
Left-overs to do, warmed-up, for the rest of the week…
Those words come toward the end of W.H. Auden's For the Time Being: A Christmas Oratorio. I try to read it every Christmas season.
Remembering the stable where for once in our lives
Everything became a and nothing was an It.
Certainly, the story of Christmas is at the center of our Christian witness. That is what we witness to. The crux of the cosmos came into our world so humbly, so vulnerably, so near to us. Emmanuel. In John Milton's poem, On the Morning of Christ's Nativity, Milton underscores that point:
That glorious form, that light insufferable,
And that far-beaming blaze of majesty…
They set aside; and here with us to be,
Forsook the courts of everlasting day
And chose with us a darksome house of mortal clay
Milton paints vivid pictures of the idols Jesus challenges when They come. How apropos to the idols of our era.
But time moves on, as Auden says. The Christmas season ends. We take down the tree, roll up the strings of lights, and pack away the star. Another year arrives. 2017. What will it bring? Whatever the specifics, there will be challenges to tackle. As the year turns, we can be reminded of words from Robert Frost's poem, A Leaf Treader:
I have safely trodden underfoot the leaves of another year
which concludes—
Now up, my knee, to keep on top of another year of snow.
Keeping on top of it all. That is our challenge this month. Yet, before we know it, Easter will roll in and we will celebrate the culmination of the Christmas story. Then I'll open John Donne's poems and read Good Friday 1613: Riding Westward:
Who sees God's face, that is self life, must die;
What a death were it then to see God die?
It made their own lieutenant, Nature, shrink.
It made their footstool crack, and the sun wink.
Could I behold those hands which span the poles
And tune all spheres at once, pierced with those holes?
Could I behold that endless height which is
Zenith to us, and our Antipodes,
Humbled below us? Or that blood which is
The seat of all our souls, if not of his,
Make dirt of dust, or that flesh which was worn
By God, for their apparel, ragged and torn?...
O Savior, as You hang upon the tree…
Burn off my rusts and my deformity,
Restore Your image, so much by your grace
That You may know me, and I'll turn my face.
What a story. Birth, suffering, glory. What a message to share, even now in the ordinary days of January.
DUBAI: The latest craze to hit social media is apparently an app called “Sarahah,” which was initially created to enable staff to provide constructive feedback to their colleagues anonymously.
But despite its best intentions, some people are beginning to find that there really can be too much of a good thing as their friends, overwhelmed with the generously positive feedback, share screenshots of the messages, over and over again.
Roughly translated from Arabic, Sarahah means “honesty.” The app of the same name, the work of Saudi developer Zain Al-Abidin, still opens with the greeting: “Leave a constructive message :)”
The app allows people to leave anonymous feedback, so people can be made of their strengths and weaknesses.
But many people have become so frustrated with seeing the good messages that Twitter has become the tool of choice with those who are venting their frustration.
There are concerns now that the app is being used outside the work environment that it will lead to cyberbullying – some people are already discovering that.
#sarahah defines everything that's wrong with the society today. Anonymous cyberbullying is already a reality! Why the need for masks? — Madhulika Narasimhan (@madly_ka) August 14, 2017
Someone told me on #Sarahah that it's good that my boyfriend dumped me, because I'm annoying.
Wow. Like how much can someone hate? — Muskaan :) (@KameeniChhori) August 14, 2017
Do you know who are the most useless people on planet?
Ans : All of them who registered to #Sarahah and now posting screenshots everywhere — Shubham Solanki (@shubham2266) August 14, 2017
Phases of #Sarahah:
1. Criticize Sarahah.
2. Sign up with enthusiasm.
3. Spam with screenshots.
4. Delete Sarahah.
5. Criticize Sarahah. — Prateeka (@PrateekaKamath) August 14, 2017
Phases of #Sarahah:
1. Criticize Sarahah.
2. Sign up with enthusiasm.
3. Spam with screenshots.
4. Delete Sarahah.
5. Criticize Sarahah. — Prateeka (@PrateekaKamath) August 14, 2017
The fact that #Sarahah is going #viral just shows how we are thriving for constant validation! #Trending #Apps — Akanksha Tyagi (@AkankshaT14) August 13, 2017
Go ask your parents how they feel about you, this #sarahah frm random strangers won't get you anywhere!! — Anusha (@seth_anusha) August 13, 2017
It's too bad that people need #Sarahah for validation in their life. — John Wetzel (@JohnnyWetzel) August 14, 2017
Then there are the doubters:And finally some sensible advice:
Photo: Courtesy Big Machine
By Anthony Donatelli
If you aren't in the holiday spirit quite yet, allow Brett Young to help you out.
Related: Brett Young Gets Over Heartbreak In ‘Like I Loved You' Video
The country crooner shared their version of “O Holy Night” and the accompanying music video.
Young spent a majority of 2017 on Lady Antebellum's You Look Good Tour and is currently on the road on their own Caliville Tour.
Check out Brett's take on the holiday classic below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND -- They were walking home from an Easter meal with their family when the stranger walked up to Robert Godwin Jr.
The two talk briefly before the stranger pulls out a gun and fires.
Now, police are desperately hunting for the man who killed Godwin and uploaded the video on Facebook, while Godwin's friends and family are trying to make sense of the senseless death of the 74-year-old man.
"This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone ... I don't know what I'm going to do. ... It's not real," Godwin's son told CNN affiliate WOIO.
The son told the Cleveland Plain Dealer their father was a retired foundry worker who had nine children and 14 grandchildren. They enjoyed fishing and often was seen walking around with a plastic bag in their hand as they collected aluminum cans they saw on the ground.
That's what they were doing Sunday in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, a shopping bag in their hand. They had just finished an Easter meal.
They hugged my wife and me and said 'I'll see you guys next time,'" Goodwin Jr. recounted. "I said 'OK, enjoy your Easter.'"
A chat, then a shot
In the video, apparently recorded by the suspect, Steve Stephens, a person is getting out of a car in a residential area and says, "Here's somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. An old dude."
The person walks up, stops Godwin on the sidewalk and talks to him. Then the video shows a gun pointed at Godwin's head. The gun is fired. Godwin recoils and falls to the ground.
The video was later removed by Facebook, but it was still being widely shared online early Monday.
Ryan Godwin, who said he's a grandson of Godwin's, had asked people to stop sharing it.
"Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect," Ryan Godwin wrote on Twitter Sunday afternoon.
Police have launched a manhunt for Stephens, calling them armed and dangerous. They believe he's left Ohio and may be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan. An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for him.
While the manhunt goes on, Godwin's family is just starting the grieving process.
"It's not real. (My father) was a good guy. They would give you the shirt off their back," Robert Godwin Jr. told WOIO. "Feels like my heart is gonna stop."
ATLANTA, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Governor Nathan Deal alongside First Lady Sandra Deal, Major General Joe Jarrard with the Georgia Department of Defense will declare the month of April “Month of the Military Child” across the state.
- Advertisement -
He'll make the announcement during a ceremony in the North Wing of the State Capitol on Wednesday April 25th at 10:00 AM.
(AP Photo/Russell Contreras). In this April 23, 2017 photo, Andrea Kittle, of Albuquerque, N.M., tries out a vintage Smith Corona electric typewriter at a "type-in" in Albuquerque. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans...
(AP Photo/Russell Contreras). In this April 23, 2017 photo, vintage typewriters are on display at a "type-in" in Albuquerque, N.M. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans test different vintage machines. The vintage type...
(AP Photo/Russell Contreras). In this April 23, 2017 photo, Joe Van Cleave, left, and Rich Boucher, right, try out various vintage typewriters at a "type-in" in Albuquerque, N.M. "Type-ins" are social gatherings in public places where typewriter fans t...
(AP Photo/Russell Contreras). In this Jan. 9, 2017, photo, John Lewis, a typewriter repairman, works at their shop in Albuquerque, N.M., in front of their collection of vintage typewriters. The vintage typewriter is making a comeback with a new generation ...
(AP Photo/Russell Contreras). In this Feb. 21, 2017 photo, Joe Van Cleave, who runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring typewriters, speaks about one of their vintage typewriters at their home in Albuquerque, N.M. The vintage typewriter is making a come...
By RUSSELL CONTRERASAssociated Press
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - Typewriter enthusiasts gather at an Albuquerque restaurant to experiment with vintage Smith Coronas. Fans in Boston kneel in a city square and type stories about their lives during a pro-immigration demonstration. A documentary on typewriters featuring Tom Hanks and musician John Mayer is set for release this summer.
In the age of smartphones, social media and hacking fears, vintage typewriters that once gathered dust in attics and basements are attracting a new generation of fans across the U.S.
From public "type-ins" at bars to street poets selling personalized, typewritten poems on the spot, typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores, online auction sites and antique shops. Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection. Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe - like a model author Ernest Hemingway used - to work on that simmering novel.
The rescued machines often need servicing, leading fans to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
"I haven't seen business like this in years," said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of their Albuquerque shop for four decades. "There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy."
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of "The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century." Since then, the fan base has grown dramatically, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
"It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad," Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
"That's part of the fun: the hunt," said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. "Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition."
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary "California Typewriter," said the interest stems from "digital burnout" and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, they said.
"Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand," Nichol said. "It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts."
In their film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said they use a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
"I hate getting email thank-yous from folks," Hanks says in the film. "Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email."
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them to people who show an interest.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized "type-ins" - meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher spent most of their time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry.
"I haven't used a typewriter in forever," they said. "This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon."
After finishing their work, Boucher grabbed their phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience. They then started looking online for a Hermes 3000.
"That's the typewriter I want," they said. "I'm going to find one."
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Babe Ruth bat used in famed 'called shot' home run up for auction It's the lumber of legend. The baseball bat Babe Ruth may have used to swat their mythical “called shot” home run in the 1932 World Series is up for sale....
Stanton and Judge can take aim at Yankees' legendary duos Much of the historic precedent surrounding the Yankees' trade for Giancarlo Stanton involves the 2003 deal with the Rangers for Alex Rodriguez. That was a transaction that yielded both good...
Lessons Derek Jeter can learn from past home run king trades When the Marlins trade Giancarlo Stanton — and despite Derek Jeter's suggestion they could hold onto the slugger, it really does look like when and not if — they would...
Why Aaron Judge fits among the pantheon of Yankees greats HOUSTON –  They are quiet and they are unassuming, they are powerful and they sometimes defy description.  They are Aaron Judge, and regardless of what happens Saturday night between the...
Judge bests The Babe, but Yankees' division dream ends Though they aren't going to the postseason as the AL East champs, the Yankees feel pretty good about their chances Tuesday night in the wild-card game against the Twins at...
Charlie Sheen is done sitting on their secret Babe Ruth gold mine Charlie Sheen is set to make some “Major League” cash off the legacy of Babe Ruth — the troubled actor is auctioning off some of The Bambino's most treasured memorabilia....
Contract that sent Babe Ruth to Yankees hits auction block The contract that sent Babe Ruth from the Red Sox to the Yankees — sparking the “Curse of the Bambino” — has hit the auction block, along with their 1927...
You can own Babe Ruth's high school baseball glove A baseball glove worn by high-school star Babe Ruth is on the auction block after a century in the hands of one family. Before the Bambino revolutionized Major League Baseball,...
The real reason the Red Sox sold Babe Ruth When the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 on Oct. 27, 2004, giving them the World Series, the entire city of Boston felt like a weight had...
A MOTHER AND baby home activist has refused to join a selection panel for a forum for survivors as they fear that it will only delay Bethany Home residents getting redress.
The Department of Children and Youth Affairs, which is headed by Minister Katherine Zappone, invited Derek Leinster to join a selection panel for a collaborative forum for former residents of mother and baby homes and related institutions.
The forum emerged following talks between Minister Zappone and former residents of such homes, and is separate from the Commission of Investigation into Mother and Baby Homes. It has been set up to represent the interests of the survivors and it will involve sub-committees. A report will be presented by the forum after six months.
It's understood that the Minister asked Leinster to join in the selection panel because they were aware of their work campaigning for Bethany Home survivors. The Bethany Home was run by evangelical Protestants, and based in Rathgar in Dublin. Death records show that young babies at the home died from conditions such as marasmus (malnutrition), and survivors say they suffered from neglect.
The selection panel which Leinster was asked to join will select members of the collaborative forum, who will use the forum to address matters of concern to them.
They said that if they went on the selection panel, they wouldn't have been able to represent Bethany Home survivors.
‘An insult'
Leinster has turned down the offer of joining the selection panel, telling TheJournal.ie that they believe the forum is for people who have not “made their case” regarding their experience at mother and baby homes – unlike Bethany Home survivors.
“As far as the Bethany Home is concerned, to be on this forum would be an insult,” they said, because the Mother and Baby Homes Commission found in its second interim report that Bethany survivors have a strong case for redress. They had been turned down for redress by the government.
Leinster fears that survivors will die before the Mother and Baby Homes Commission presents its final report to government.
“There is no need to waste another couple of years to look for stuff to make that case,” said Leinster of redress for Bethany Home survivors. “We've given the same information we have given to the commission which a high court judge has gone through [for the interim report]. Why would we go looking for information to make this case when it's already there.”
“I would be betraying what I am fighting for for the last 20 years if I was to go on it,” they said of the selection panel.
I've been fighting to get justice while we are alive. There are very, very few of us left. Many of us are very old now.
In a message to Zappone, Leinster said they thought the forum was a case of “delay, delay, delay” and said “enough of talking, we want to see justice now”.
However, they also said they are not annoyed with the forum being set up, but that it is “not taking care of people who have made their case”.
“We've made our case – we don't wish to be dragged on any longer,” they said.
They also criticised the lack of recent comment from Protestant leaders in Ireland about what happened in Bethany Home.
“They are looking the other way,” they said.
Over 270 Bethany Home children to date have been discovered to be buried in paupers' graves at Mount Jerome in Dublin's Harold's Cross. Bethany Homes Survivors Group is to put the names of the children on a new memorial at Mount Jerome cemetery on 29 June this year.
It will be an addition to the first memorial which was raised in 2014. Both have been funded by the State.
In 2014, a document was released which showed that some children at the home died of conditions such as marasmus (malnutrition); convulsions; ‘delicacy'; meningitis; German measles; syphilis; ‘general debility'; and heart failure.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was jogging off the field when something whizzed by their head.
Jefferson stopped, pulled off their helmet and headed toward a rowdy section of fans.
Jefferson pushed aside security guards and started jawing with the spectators. Just when it looked like Jefferson was about to walk away for good, what looked like a cup of beer came flying out of the seats. That prompted Jefferson to rush toward the stands and start trying to climb up. They had to be restrained, pulled back by their shoulder pads, and escorted to the locker room.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said Jefferson “just kind of lost it.”
“Somebody poured a beer on their head walking out of the stadium or something,” Carroll said. “I told them that's pro football. They pay to get in. They can do whatever they want, I guess, so that's what happened.”
Jefferson declined comment, but defensive tackle Michael Bennett ripped a reporter who attempted to ask Jefferson about the incident.
“He's not an animal,” Bennett said. “He's a human being, so get out of here. How would you like it if one of your kids was playing sports and somebody poured beer on him?”
It was an ugly ending to an exciting game.
The Jaguars felt what happened on the field was even worse.
The Jaguars (9-4) took exception to the way the Seahawks (8-5) handled the final snaps , two kneel-downs in the closing seconds of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory.
“There's no room in the game for that,” tight end Marcedes Lewis said. “You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
Seattle scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter, with Russell Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and then Tyler Lockett for 74 yards. The second one cut the lead to 30-24, and the Seahawks got one last chance to tie or take the lead. But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield.
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play. Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there, but the Seahawks wouldn't go quietly.
Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Fournette went after Bennett.
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and Jefferson was tossed.
Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle to settle down theirs players.
“We have to be more poised than that,” Carroll said. “We didn't have a chance to get the ball back then, and I was trying to get our guys to not carry it any further. They were trying to fight to get the ball back, and there wasn't the chance to do it at that point. I was just trying to slow them down.
“I just tried to make a statement to our guys so we didn't finish with any more garbage happening out there.”
The game had a few chippy moments, with Seattle guard Germain Ifedi getting flagged for taunting a referee following a holding call and tight end Jimmy Graham getting penalized for unnecessary roughness for a late hit out of bounds.
But the bigger exchanges happened with the game decided.
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Jackson was referring to the Cincinnati-Jacksonville game early last month, in which Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey and Bengals receiver A.J. Green were ejected for fighting. Green attacked Ramsey at the end of a play and threw them to the ground in a choke hold.
“It's a little bit of people aren't used to getting beat like that by the Jaguars,” quarterback Blake Bortles said. “There is no reason to take anything from anybody. We just beat the crap out of you for 60 minutes.
“I think obviously you have to be smart and understand the situation and what is going on and not do anything stupid. I think this team definitely plays with a little bit of an edge.”
Comments about Banktivity 6.1.2
To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person.
Fixes a smattering of bugs for the personal finance app. ($64.99 new, free update, 19.0 MB)
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Apple sells a plethora of products advertised as “space gray,” but have you ever noticed that they aren't all quite the same color? If so, you're going to love this in-depth guide to the various shades of Apple's space gray assembled by 9to5Mac's eagle-eyed Michael Steeber. Don't miss the chart of every Apple product offered in space gray (or a dark gray that preceded space gray's official 2013 launch). Steeber has charted six different forms of space gray, along with other variants like slate and space black.
Read original article
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — A little piece of “the Big Dance” belongs to the Kansas City metro.
The ongoing NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament enters the Sweet 16 on Thursday. While most of Johnson County, Kansas, will cheer for the Jayhawks or the Wildcats, fans at one Johnson County high school have another rooting interest.
“The dream is still alive!”
The TV play-by-play announcer's voice still echoes from Saturday night's thrilling finish, as Loyola-Chicago, an 11-seed in the tournament's tempestuous South Region, pulled off one of many upsets this year's championships have witnessed.
Clayton Custer, who hails from Blue Valley Northwest High School, helped the Ramblers to a 63-62 win over the Volunteers.
Custer, a junior point guard for Loyola, hit a leaning jumpshot with only three seconds remaining in the game. Their high-arching shot bounced on the rim and high off the backboard in Dallas, Texas, before rolling into the basket.
Heavily-favored Tennessee was unable to score at their end of the court, running out the clock and giving Loyola the victory.
Flabbergasted Loyola fans are calling their shot “the Bounce.” Their men's basketball program hasn't advanced this far in the tournament since winning the 1963 National Championship.
“I have to give the glory to God on that one,” Custer, breathless from the postgame pandemonium, said during a televised interview. “That's just all the years of hard work coming together.”
Custer and their Rambler teammate, Ben Richardson, both got their start at Overland Trail Elementary School. They've been teammates since they were third-graders and continued on to Blue Valley Northwest High, where they led the Huskies to back-to-back state championships in 2013 and 2014. In their time at the metro high school, their teams totaled a record of 94-6.
“(Custer) has put in the work. Ben's put in the work to be great,” Ed Fritz, the Huskies coach for 16 seasons, said Monday.
Fritz told reporters they set out driving for Dallas, expecting to see only one game. They didn't even take a change of clothing or toiletries with him.
When Loyola advanced, Fritz had to purchase clothes and a hotel room to remain in Texas. Fritz can be seen in the videotape from Saturday's game hugging Custer during the postgame celebration.
“Somebody asked me right after the game if I'd ever seen Clayton hit a shot like that, and I said, ‘Yeah, about a hundred times,'” Fritz said with a grin. “He's done it their whole life. He's done it their whole career.”
Fritz was also present when the two Blue Valley Northwest graduates from signed their college letters of intent three years ago. Custer, who had won the coveted DiRenna Award as Kansas City's top high school player, was headed for Iowa State. Richardson, on the other hand, had their heart set on Loyola.
Custer spent one year playing for then-Cyclones Coach Fred Hoiberg before transferring to Loyola-Chicago.
Fritz also spent time coaching both boys as elementary-schoolers.
“I've been part of their life, and they've been part of my life for a long time,” Fritz said.
Now, as the tournament progresses, the Custer and Richardson families have been traveling along with the Ramblers.
Photos shared by both families show parents and siblings posing with each player just moments after winning the Missouri Valley Conference Tournament in late February.
Galen Custer, Clayton's father, told FOX4's Sean McDowell their family is leaving Wednesday for the South Regionals in Dallas.
“It's well worth it,” David Richardson, Ben's father, told FOX4.
Richardson said the Loyola-Chicago players realize they're still heavy underdogs since they're paired against Nevada this Thursday. However, the two former Huskies and their teammates are determined to provide more thrills, like the memorable shot Custer sank versus the Volunteers.
“My wife had their head buried in their hands, and said, ‘What just happened?' I had to tell them what happened,” Richardson said. “I had to get up and get some air after that game was over.”
A little anxiety is a small price for families living for tournament thrills.
Custer and Richardson aren't the only Blue Valley Northwest alumni still dancing. Their former teammate, Mason Schoen, is a senior with Kansas State. The Wildcats are due to meet eight-time NCAA Champion Kentucky on Thursday in Atlanta.
Barrels of foul-smelling substance dumped near Meadow Bank
Residents of Meadow Bank, Georgetown say they caught some men red handed dumping a foul- smelling substance in front of the southern entrance to Banks DIH Limited yesterday afternoon.
According to the residents, the men transported two barrels containing the substance along the roadside. A portion of the substance gradually made its way into this canal.
The Sixers have punched their ticket to the second round of the playoffs. They will await the winner of the No. 2 Boston Celtics and No. 7 Milwaukee Bucks series. Sixer fans will not know their official second round series schedule until either April 26 or April 28. The Celtics have an opportunity to close out their first round series with a Game 6 win on Thursday, April 26.
According to Sports Media Watch, the second round of the NBA playoffs is slated to start on Monday, April 30, but could be moved up to as soon as Saturday, April 28. The Sixers would not start this quickly if a Game 7 is necessary for the Bucks-Celtics series as it would take place on April 28. Milwaukee would need to win Game 6 for there to be a Game 7. A Game 7 would likely mean the Sixers would not start their next series until Monday, April 30 or Tuesday, May 1.
Philadelphia will not know when their second round series will start until the Celtics-Bucks has concluded. If Boston wins their first round series, the Celtics will have home court advantage against the Sixers, meaning the first two games would be in Boston. Philadelphia will only get home court in the next round if Milwaukee wins the next two games causing the first two second round contests to be in Philly.
Boston took three out of four games against Philadelphia during the regular season. It is important to note that all three of the Celtics victories against the Sixers came with Kyrie Irving in the lineup. With Irving out for the season, the Celtics are a bit more depleted. The Sixers won their last matchup in January, and Irving did not play.
The Sixers and Bucks split their four games this season. Philadelphia won the first and fourth game while the Bucks won the middle two games. All four games were decided by eight or more points. The Sixers won their most recent contest just a few weeks ago by 35 points. It was a team effort for the Sixers with six players scoring in double digits. Dario Saric had 24 points and five rebounds. Justin Anderson scored 25 points and grabbed six rebounds off the bench. Joel Embiid did not play in the game.
The Sixers are coming off a very physical series against the Heat, but were able to dominate the series by winning in five games. Given the physicality of the last series, the Sixers are likely rooting for the Celtics-Bucks series to go seven games. Embiid missed the first two games of the first round as they recovered from an injured orbital bone in their face. Embiid played in the final three games of the series, but is wearing a mask to prevent further injury.
Philadelphia entered the postseason as the hottest team in the league winning their last 16 regular season games. Counting their first round playoff series, the Sixers have won 20 of their last 21 games. The Celtics or Bucks will face a Sixers team with a lot of momentum on their side. The Sixers became just the second NBA team to advance to the second round.
Deputy National Security Advisor K. T. McFarland, now former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and now-acting NSA Keith Kellogg in the Oval Office Jonathan Ernst / Reuters ID: 10532350
WASHINGTON — For those in US national security circles, there are three ways the next national security advisor can go: they can sink, they can clash, or they can bring the body they are meant to lead back into the policy fold after three weeks of tumult under outgoing Ret Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn.
The three leading contenders to replace Flynn, who resigned late Monday after clashing with Vice President Mike Pence over the content of their phone calls with the Russian ambassador, collectively personify those options, some national security observers believe.
Ret. Lt Gen. Keith Kellogg, the interim adviser, may find it difficult to keep up with the strong personalities already around President Donald Trump, three US officials told BuzzFeed News. They worry that, should they become the permanent replacement, they could keep the National Security Council at its current ineffective status quo. If Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, a second leading candidate, takes the post, their strong personality and independent approach could compete with other leading administration figures and take the National Security Council along for the ride, the same officials feared. On top of that, the administration would have to consider their firepower against the baggage of their 2015 conviction on improperly giving classified material to their mistress.
And then there is Ret. Vice Adm Robert Harward, who is the most expected to return the NSC to its traditional role — advising the president on national security matters to ensure they not only makes the right decision but avoids being pushed into making the wrong one, the officials said. Harward worked briefly in the NSC during George W. Bush's presidency.
Then-deputy commander of US Central Command Vice Admiral Bob Harward in 2012 Khalil Mazraawi / AFP / Getty Images ID: 10532415
“If they bring in a professional who knows how to run the NSC, maybe it could be stabilizing force,” one of the US officials suggested.
Just three weeks into the new administration, many are already looking to the next National Security Advisor to re-establish the NSC's traditional seat at the head of the national security table, right next to the president. Regardless of who takes Flynn's job, the debate around the search captures how much the personality of the national security adviser — and their or their access to the president — can alter national security policy.
Ret. Marine Gen. Jim Jones, President Obama's first national security adviser and former Marine Corp Commandant and Supreme Allied commander Europe, carried tremendous clout through their military experience, but little once they got to the White House. There, where, as one former administration official put it “no one believed Jim Jones was the last person in the room” that the president consults before making a decision. Jones' successor, Tom Donilon, was a former lawyer and State Department spokesperson, but arguably had a much louder voice on foreign policy.
“It's about the reflective authority that you have based on the relationship with the president,” one former administration official told BuzzFeed News.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer referred during the daily press briefing on Tuesday to the importance of trust needed between the president and their national security adviser, saying that Trump asked Flynn to resign because they need to count on the national security adviser for “sage advice” and that trust had been eroded.
Where many felt the NSC was too heavy handed under the Obama administration, taking months to sign off on drone or airstrikes against terror groups, if at all, the dearth of White House officials involved in major decisions now, some argue, has had adverse results in Yemen and in US policy toward China. The NSC staff was largely not involved in the US decision to launch a Jan. 29 raid in Yemen on a suspected al-Qaeda headquarters. The raid led to the death of one US Navy Seal, Chief Petty Officer William “Ryan” Owens, and left six other troops injured and at least nine children killed.
Another example came on Feb. 10, when Trump called their Chinese counterpart and announced that they embraced the One China policy weeks after threatening to reject the decades long policy. A strong national security adviser could have helped save the president from the public reversal and better navigate the relationship with China.
Founded under President Harry Truman, the NSC was intended to serve as an advisory group for the president on national security matters. When the Pentagon says it has intelligence that demand it take military action, for example, the NSC ensures the intelligence community has the chance to chime in, as government departments and agencies see the same intelligence very differently. The Pentagon may see an action as something could improve security while the State Department could conclude the same action could hurt US standing. Before the US conducts a raid, it falls on the NSC to check over the proposed military plan. Could it lead to civilian casualties? What happens if it fails? How do other government agencies who could have pertinent information assess the decision?
The national security adviser is in charge of determining what goes up to the president and how key national security decisions are made. On paper it sounds like a government organization chart — a feature that was missing during Flynn's tenure at the head of the NSC. But practically speaking, it can be the difference between the right and wrong foreign policy decisions on matters that only allow for the smallest margin of error.
Former CIA Director and retired Army Gen. David Petraeus Alex Wong / Getty Images ID: 10532426
“Process sounds boring but a bad process gets people killed,” Colin Kahl, national security advisor to former Vice President Joe Biden and current associate professor at Georgetown University, told BuzzFeed News.
Flynn seemed to have the president's ear upon taking office. But that quickly dissipated as officials inside described Flynn as someone who never created an effective process for advising the president.
The national security adviser “has to make the decision about whether this is an issue that the White House needs to weigh in or that it could be delegated to other government departments or agencies,” Kahl said. “And second, to the degree that do you bring a decision to the president, what process do you run as various government agencies have equity in that decision.”
“And Flynn was pretty hands-off on both parts,” Kahl said.
Even before questions about what Flynn told the Russians about sanctions during the transition been swirling around, both Flynn and the NSC were largely boxed out by more powerful administration voices — White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly, and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis.
NSC staffers have complained about learning foreign policy from the president's Twitter account, not in the Situation Room. These days, officials from departments and agencies as varied as Treasury, the CIA and the State Department are studying potential successor candidates for clues about how the White House will make major decisions — or delegate down.
Under Flynn, the NSC was largely staffed by former military intelligence officers who served with them during their time in the military. Many of those loyal to Flynn would also likely welcome working with Petraeus, who overlapped with many of the same officials. That would likely lead to less turnover.
Petraeus would bring the most stature to the job, which could help shift in the NSC's standing within this administration. But neither Petraeus nor Harward enjoys a strong relationship with Trump. Kellogg, on the other hand, already knows the ways of the current administration, having supported Trump during the campaign. And they and Mattis are long time friends — Kellogg was Mattis' deputy when the now defense secretary was commander of US Central Command, which is in charge of US military operations in the Middle East Kellogg's close relationship could be as powerful as Petraeus' stature.
According to Politico, other names have since joined the list. They include: Tom Bossert, a national security aide under Bush who now oversees cybersecurity under Trump, Adm. James Stavridis, dean of the Fletcher School at Tufts, Secretary Kelly.
It still remains unclear if Harward, the leading candidate, would take the post. They live in San Diego with their family and works for Lockheed Martin.
An award-winning film featuring the University of Nottingham SpiderLab's Dr Sara Goodacre among a host of stars, including Neil Gaiman and Stephen Fry, is coming to Lakeside Arts on campus for a special free screening and Q&A.
Sixteen Legs is a feature-length documentary that journeys into a world like no other on earth – where giant prehistoric spiders the size of dinner plates seek love in the dark. The film will be screened at the Djanogly Theatre at Lakeside Arts, University Park, on Wednesday, June 6, at 5.30pm.
As the world rapidly descends into the next period of global mass extinction, a message of hope comes from an unlikely hero – a creature, often unfairly reviled, that has survived prior mass extinctions and climatic change in a magical ecosystem hidden beneath the World Heritage mountains of one of the world's last great wildernesses.
With spectacular imagery and a dark-fantasy twist by the master storyteller Neil Gaiman, this real-world ‘Charlotte's Web' brings a story of stability and solitude into our world of rapid change.
The film's prize-winning cinematography documents the 25th anniversary of scientific research into animals that outlasted the dinosaurs.
These spiders have survived the splitting of the continents and have endured the entirety of human civilisation in Australia's deepest caves. From the visually stunning wilderness of Tasmania to an underworld few people have seen, the film takes us on an adventure into an ecosystem that preceded us and may still outlast us.
The film runs for one hour and 40 minutes and will be followed by a Q&A with Dr Niall Doran, writer, producer and co-director of Sixteen Legs. Dr Sara Goodacre will be moderating the Q&A, bringing their knowledge of all things arachnid to the stage as director of the University of Nottingham's SpiderLab.
Dr Goodacre said: “This screening is a unique opportunity to see this gripping documentary that captures the lives of these amazing spiders in terrific detail.
“It's also hugely entertaining as it examines the human reaction to these creatures that ranges from absolute fascination to utmost terror. It's also great that the audience will have the chance to ask questions to zoologist Dr Niall Doran, who is coming all the way from Australia to share their personal account of making the film.”
The screening is a pay what you can event, with a suggested donation of £5. Proceeds will support the Bookend Trust's work supporting students studying unknown aspects of the natural world.
Booking is via the Lakeside Arts website at www.lakesidearts.org.uk
The screening will start at 5.30pm so ticket holders are asked to arrive around ten minutes before so that there is plenty of time for questions at the end.
Katie Swan and Aidan McHugh are mentored by three-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray, but how much do they know about him?
READ MORE: Love Island, travelling the world and being mentored by Andy Murray
Video
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has delivered signed Welsh football and rugby shirts to soldiers serving in Afghanistan.
A total of 260 Welsh Guards are in the country helping the country's security forces.
The shirts were donated by the Welsh Rugby Union and the Football Association of Wales. There are 650 UK armed forces personnel in the country.
Mr Cairns handed over the shirts at a 24-hour visit to Afghanistan.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-nine has been spared jail for sharing an “appalling” video of a toddler being raped and allowed to “return to their children”.
Footage of bestiality was also found on the 41-year-old's phone when it was searched by police, apparently sent by a man known as “Prince”.
Helen Ijoyah wept in the dock as they were told they would not be jailed for sending via WhatsApp a video of a child “no older than two or three” being sexually abused by a man.
The Thornton Heath mother shared the horrific video which reached a shocked woman who reported it to police who soon tracked down Ijoyah.
When searching through their devices they found what a judge has described as “frankly appalling” footage – as well as a video of a man having sex with a goat.
Wiping tears from their eyes to reveal long, painted nails Ijoyah stood in the dock at the Old Bailey on Friday (February 2), where they were spared a jail term.
The mum was allowed to walk free after pleading guilty to sending indecent images of a child.
Judge Angela Morris told her: “What they saw was nothing short of appalling.
“A young child no more than two or three years of age and an adult male rubbing their erect penis on their genitalia.
“It also showed the child taking hold of the erect penis in their hand.
“I say all of this in in open court because I do not want to spare blushes with regard to what was in the video you sent.
“For reasons that is almost impossible to fathom, you sent this to others.
“The video is, frankly, appalling.”
The WhatsApp message was sent on November 12, 2016, to a group of people.
It was then forwarded on to a social worker who was shocked to receive it and reported it immediately to police.
Police traced the message back to Ijoyah who was interviewed on November 18 and had six devices seized. They refused to comment when questioned.
The identity of the child victim of the rape has not been established.
It was said that Ijoyah's refusal to comment in interview or provide passwords for their devices was a missed opportunity to help police.
Prosecutor Jonathan Wright said that the video that had been shared “showed an adult male raping a four-year-old female child”.
The age of the child was said to be even lower than this by the judge.
They were said by prosecution to be “clearly distressed” in the video.
Neither the victim nor the man in the video are related to Ijoyah.
The court heard that the offending videos were originally sent to Ijoyah by the brother of one of their ex-partners, who was named as “Prince” and was said to live abroad.
It was also said that the woman the WhatsApp message was sent to was in the process of becoming a social worker, and the horrific video unexpectedly appearing on their phone could have been “career ending”.
Despite sharing such a video usually bringing a prison sentence of two to five years behind bars, Ijoyah, who has 10 previous unrelated convictions, walked free from court with tears running down their cheeks.
Them lip began to quiver as their two-year suspended sentence was announced by the judge.
Judge Morris said: “You will be able to return to your children.
“Your two-year sentence will be suspended for two years, you will have a supervisor for those two years and a mental health requirement.
“You will receive therapy.
“If you come before this court again, and you will come before me and not a magistrate, I will send you to prison.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — A woman in a mobility scooter caused a stir for drivers as they slowly careened between cars on busy Elvis Presley Boulevard and onto Interstate 55 in Memphis Friday evening.
Towanna Murphy caught the incident on Facebook Live as they tried to slow down other drivers and get the woman to pull over. They said later they were scared for the woman as they recorded it, according to WREG.
But the woman, who appears to have flowers and an oxygen tank on their scooter, kept on going through a red light at Brooks Road.
By the time they got on the ramp to I-55 north, other drivers began surrounding them
A police officer was waiting for them on the interstate, but they attempted to evade the officer.
By 8:30, police at the scene strapped the scooter to the back of a squad car and drove away.
There was no word from police Friday on whom the woman is or whether they might face any charges.
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, Zachary Cruz, center, leaves the courtroom after their brother's arraignment, March 14, 2018. The Broward Sheriff's Office arrested Zachary Cruz March 19, and charged them with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the scene of last month's mass shooting by their brother Nikolas. Wilfredo Lee AP
West Dem smash-up leaves mom dead, eight injured
A two-vehicle smash up which occurred on the La Parfaite Harmonie Access Road, West Bank Demerara, (WBD) around 6:30 am yesterday resulted in the death of Alana Ramsarran, a young mother of one.
Information reaching this newspaper indicated that Ramsaran, known as Alana Da Silva, 27, of 269 BB Eccles, East Bank Demerara, (EBD) was the sole occupant of motorcar PWW 972 which became involved in the accident.
The motorcar driven by Ramsaran is said to have been proceeding east along the public road in the vicinity of Schoonard, WBD while minibus BTT3118, was heading in the opposite direction when the collision occurred.
The car skidded off the side of the road while the minibus turned turtle as a result of the impact. Passengers were pulled from the mangled minibus and rushed to the hospital.
The minibus driven by, Ramkumar Persaud, 42, of 3909 Westminster, WBD was transporting passengers.
Eight persons from the minibus are said to have suffered serious injuries. The injured persons have been identified as Roneta Paul,36 of 267 Retch-door-zee,WBD; Fizan Mohammed,50 and their son Safraz Mohammed ,24, of 172 Retch-door-zee; Anita Mohan,32, of 72 Retch-door-zee; Alvin Edmond,59 and their wife Rhonda Edmond of 206 Schoonard ,WBD; Leon LaRose,30, of 206 Onderneeming, WBD, and Alisha Allicock, 28 of 167 Onderneeming ,WBD.
They were all rushed to the West Demerara Regional Hospital, (WDRH). Some of the passengers were subsequently transferred to the Georgetown Public Hospital (GPHC) for further treatment.
Ramsarran, however is said to have died at the scene of the accident. They were pronounced dead on arrival of WDRH.
Distraught relatives of the young woman related that they had planned on travelling to their hometown in Lethem to transact business.
The woman and their reputed husband, Suresh Ramanan are said to have operated a bus service from Georgetown to Lethem via Carly's Bus Service.
The man told that this newspaper that they last spoke to their wife on Friday evening; they had made arrangements to travel to Brazil to purchase materials to finish their home which is under construction at Schoonard.
The dead woman‘s father, Paul Ramsaran, related that their daughter moved to Georgetown a few years ago.
“She grew up in Lethem and Brazil and was fluent in both English and Portuguese because they were schooled in Bon Fin.”
Mr. Ramsaran said that they had travelled to Georgetown where they met with their daughter one week prior to their death.
They said that they told them of their plans to return to Lethem to purchase some materials to finish their home.
“She was always very positive and a mother to their eight year old daughter, Natalia,” the aggrieved man told Kaieteur News.
BEAUMONT, Texas (NBC News) – Easter celebrations ended in tragedy at a Beaumont, Texas park Sunday when a 7-year-old boy fell into the Neches River and drowned.
The boy was playing along the edge of one of the docks when they fell into the water according to police.
The children had just finished an Easter egg hunt and were playing with squirt guns when the 7-year-old was shot in the eye and fell off of the dock, according to witnesses.
The boy did not know how to swim according to family friends.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
When Kiwi dual citizen Barnaby Joyce entered Question Time on Monday, opposition MPs greeted them by singing, "Baaaaaaaaaaar-naby!"
See, just hours earlier, the New Zealand government confirmed that the deputy prime minister was a Kiwi citizen due to their father's Kiwi birth.
It meant Joyce's eligibility to sit in the parliament was being referred to the High Court, making them the fifth and most high profile member to fall victim to Australia's crazy dual citizenship mess.
It's looking more and more likely that Derby County will be taking the plunge and appointing Frank Lampard as their new manager in the coming days.
I say 'taking the plunge' because, let's face it, it's quite the gamble potentially being taken by the Rams given Lampard has, as yet, no managerial experience.
Pride Park will be a good stage for Lampard to prove theirs worth.
However, managers all have to start somewhere, and maybe this could end up being something of an inspired choice by the Derby hierarchy if indeed it is Lampard who gets the nod.
The evidence points to that being the case, with Lampard having admitted advanced talks with the club and their presence at the League Two play-off final on Monday apparently being down to Derby having requested a pass for them to attend, it would seem on some kind of scouting mission.
But just how risky would appointing Lampard be, once the inevitable fanfare dies down and the football takes over?
Great players do not necessarily great managers make, that's been emphasised on many occasions in the past, but Lampard seems from the outset to be someone who won't necessarily fall into that category. Their punditry is well-informed and he's always seemed an articulate and erudite character, both on and off the pitch. Those things alone of course won't make them a world beater, but they're a good start.
Will Cameron Jerome be one of those Lampard can bring the best out of if they come to Pride Park?
He's keen to succeed, and like their England midfield partner Steven Gerrard - another seemingly high risk appointment as head coach at Glasgow Rangers - they could now have a decent stage upon which to show their credentials.
It's not just high risk for the Rams either. Failure to any great degree could end Lampard's managerial career before it gains any momentum.
So just what could Lampard bring to the table?
Their playing career was as celebrated as they come - 106 England caps, numerous Champions League, Premier League and cup medals and having played under some of the top bosses in the game, from whom they must have learned plenty.
Their little black book will be bulging with top drawer contacts who could lend a hand when it comes to players, although said contacts are only as useful as the players they can provide so they will have to be wary from just where they seek help.
Their relative lack of experience could be a plus - plenty of coaches with prior experience have come and gone through the door quickly at Pride Park in recent years, emphasising that kind of factor alone doesn't automatically make the key fit.
Then, of course, there's the interest it will generate in the club if they come in, which will at least create a real buzz around the city in the short-term and maybe beyond if things go well.
There are potential downsides to Lampard being appointed too.
It's hard to see them being a long-term option for Derby, thus failing to arrest the remarkable turnover of managers in recent seasons. Should Lampard succeed, it's likely he'll be snapped up by a bigger club before too long, and should they fail then the Rams are never slow to wield the axe no matter who is in charge. Just how long he'll be given to prove their worth if the latter scenario emerges, only time will tell.
The reported slashing of budgets at Derby will also hamper Lampard, whose own contract will surely be heavily incentivised to ensure he's rewarded for success but not failure. A heavy reliance on young players or some shrewd recruitment from the lower divisions or abroad could well be the way forward if the pounds and pence aren't there to lure top quality and proven stars.
Expectations will need to be managed. Promotion shouldn't necessarily be a requirement, particularly given the reported budget cuts, and supporters will have to be realistic depending on what kind of squad Lampard builds. Key players from the season gone by, particularly the big earners, could well be on their way out unless any are prepared to take a pay cut in order to work with such a household name.
It all remains hypothetical, of course, given Lampard is yet to be confirmed in the role, but with the evidence pointing towards that happening before too long, and presumably before Lampard takes off to Russia for their World Cup TV duties should they still decide to take part, it could be a very interesting few months ahead.
The Spartan World Championship returns to Tahoe from Sept. 29 to 30, drawing some of the world's best endurance athletes to the rugged mountains of Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows. The seventh annual event is the culmination of Spartan's 2018 Global Championship Series, which will see competitors battling obstacles on five continents for the largest cash purse in obstacle racing history.
The World Championship attracts qualifiers from more than 50 countries to stake their claim on more than $125,000 in prize money. Saturday's main event plays out across a Spartan Beast course, delivering more than 30 obstacles across 12+ miles of technical, mountainous terrain at varying elevations.
The second annual Spartan World Team Championship, Sunday, Sept. 30, features country-specific co-ed teams of three competing on a Spartan Super course across more than eight-miles of terrain and 25+ obstacles, with a $10,000 prize purse on the line. Sunday also features a Spartan Ultra with more than 30-miles of terrain and 60 obstacles.
“Every year, the competition at the Spartan World Championship gets stronger and as a result, we need to push these athletes harder than ever before to ensure only the best of the best are crowned,” said Spartan Founder and CEO Joe De Sena in a press release. “The rugged terrain, unpredictable weather and 9,000-feet of elevation at North Lake Tahoe creates the most challenging and grueling race of the Global Championship series, testing the athleticism, mental toughness and pure grit of the best endurance athletes in the world.”
Last year's event saw an upset in the women's category as Canadian Lindsay Webster placed first over the Czech Republic's Zuzana Kocumova while underdog Cody Moat (USA) overtook the UK's Jonathan Albon and USA's Robert Killian who placed second and third, respectively, in the men's field. Team USA placed first in the World Team Championship, with the Czech Republic and Canada trailing behind.
The Global Championship Series features events on five continents, with National Championship series leading to Regional Championship events that qualify racers for the World Championship. To qualify for regional championships, competitors must place top 10 in any regular season or National Championship Series event. To qualify for the World Championship in North Lake Tahoe, racers must finish top 10 in a National Championship Series event or a Regional Championship.
In addition to the elite field, the 2018 Spartan World Championship features the sport's first Age Group categories. This allows racers across six age groups to measure their performance on a level playing field with the opportunity to step onto the podium. Similar to the elite field, age group competitors must qualify through Global Championship Series events. Open heats for competitors of all ages and skill levels take place throughout the weekend.
“North Lake Tahoe is once again honored to host the Spartan World Championship's world-class athletes during the vibrant fall season,” said North Lake Tahoe Resort Association CEO Cindy Gustafson in the release. “Each year, the dedication and determination exhibited by Spartan athletes inspires our community. North Lake Tahoe is a high-altitude training ground for both pro and recreational athletes, and the Spartan Race exemplifies the natural challenge of the region's unique terrain.”
Known throughout the world for its pristine lake and impressive panoramic mountain peaks, North Lake Tahoe provides the perfect setting for the grueling Spartan Race World Championship. The region's high elevation, varied terrain and endless opportunity for human-powered sports make North Lake Tahoe the ideal high-altitude training ground for elite athletes and fitness enthusiasts. After the race, Spartan athletes can celebrate with locally-sourced mountain cuisine, human-powered sports and wellness experiences throughout the region.
Spartan events focus on sport and athleticism, pushing the bodies and minds of competitors to the limit across miles of unforgiving terrain while they conquer signature obstacles such as the Spear Throw, Bucket Brigade, monkey bars and Barbed Wire Crawl. With more than 1 million annual participants and more than 200 events across more than 30 countries, Spartan is the world's largest obstacle race and endurance brand. | spartan.com
American Samoans can use the territorial government-issued Certificate of Identity for travel to Hawaii as long they provide additional identification information, required by the US Transportation Security Administration (TSA) - which oversees security checks points at all US airports.
ASG officials made the confirmation today (Friday, Feb. 2, 2018) during a Senate Public Safety/Homeland Security Committee hearing, which was a continuation of the one held Wednesday, where senators wanted clear and solid information pertaining the use of CIs to enter Hawai'i and that CIs would be accepted not only by TSA but Hawaiian Airlines.
US Immigration in Honolulu has already confirmed to ASG officials that they still accept CIs to enter Hawai'i, but the airline and TSA have different policies.
At today's hearing, local Homeland Security Department director Samana Semo along with Attorney General Talauega Eleasalo Ale, confirmed that CIs will be accepted for travel on Hawaiian for American Samoans heading to Honolulu.
The two officials noted that the CI should be accompanied with other TSA acceptable forms of identification — for example, a military ID, driver's license etc. — as proof that you are the traveler.
A “Certificate of Identification Guidance & TSA ID Requirements” information leaflet distributed at the hearing from ASDHS, explained what the TSA accepted as proof of identification.
At TSA check points at the airport (and TSA checks points at all US airports), TSA will take one of the following as proof of identity: acceptable state issued driver's license, US passport, US passport card.
If the individual does not possess the above, then “other forms” of ID will be needed. Furthermore, a traveler may be asked to present at least two forms of ID with their names and other identifying information, such as photo, address, phone number, social security number or date of birth. Traveler may present the following:
• temporary paper IDs
• expired IDs
• credit cards
• social security cards
• birth certificates
• marriage certificates
• bank statements or bills
• Certificate of Identity will count as other forms of ID.
During today's hearing, Samana said confirmation of use of CIs came following a conference call Wednesday afternoon with US Department of Homeland Security officials, followed by a meeting Thursday with the local TSA and Hawaiian Airlines officials.
Travelers without a US passport are recommended to check in early just in case TSA or Hawaiian have questions or need more information.
Samoa News will report on more details from the Senate hearing and any new updates on this matter in Monday's edition.
Eight gunmen storm auto repair outlet – escape with licensed guns, cash and phones
The owner of an auto repair outlet was robbed around 15:00 hrs yesterday when eight heavily-armed bandits stormed their establishment at Lot 27 Industrial Site Ruimveldt, Georgetown during a brazen attack.
The assailants, who came from the East Bank Demerara Public Road in two Toyota Allion motorcars and escaped using the same route, made off with two licensed firearms, cash and phones.
Kun Ge, owner of Rich Thriving Auto Repair and Service Centre was hit with a gun over their left eye by one of the gunmen. They took their .32 pistol with live rounds. They also struck James Lee, a translator to the left eye with a gun. They took their phone and $5000.
Businessman Zhi Yun Gao, who went to uplift their vehicle at the establishment, was also robbed of their phone and cash. They were chopped to the back of their head by one of the men who took away their Taurus Pistol.
All the workers at the location were robbed of their belongings during the seven-minute ordeal.
According to information received, the two cars pulled up in front of the outlet and the six of the eight men rushed in.
Kaieteur News was informed that one of the six men was armed with a cutlass while the other five had guns.
Two of the men grabbed the owner of the establishment, and the business person took them up to the office, while four of the intruders remained downstairs with the workers. The two men outside acted as lookouts. The men were not masked.
Kaieteur News was informed that the gunmen demanded that their victims lie face down on the ground as they relieved them of their belongings.
When this newspaper visited the scene, the injured persons had already left for the hospital. Workers there said that “everything happened very fast”. They could not say what the gunmen took from the office. Tiny drops of blood were seen on the steps and the concrete floor.
One of the workers said that when one of the gunmen cranked their gun, a .32 live round fell out—the police reportedly have it.
A knife which was used to open the drawers in the office was recovered and fingerprints were taken. The police will be checking surveillance footage in the area since none was available at the repair outlet.
The Perils of Irregular Migration: From Migrant to Migrants
ROME, Aug 14 2017 (IOM) - Migrants are increasingly becoming communication agents, revealing their own stories, fears, hopes and dreams. The testimonies below are part of the Aware Migrants information campaign, implemented by IOM, the UN Migration Agency and funded by the Italian Ministry of Interior with the aim of helping potential migrants in making informed decisions by warning them about the real dangers of the journey along the main routes from East and West Africa across the desert and the Mediterranean.
In the campaign's latest short documentaries, migrants Charles, Fleur-Kafè, Marcel and Oumou reflect not only the difficulties and challenges they faced during their journeys, but also what they perceive their future to be back in their hometowns. They have very clear messages for prospective migrants who are thinking of undertaking the perilous journey to Europe.
Their testimonies raise questions about migrants' vulnerabilities along the route, as described by Marcel and Fleur-Kafè, but also about their perceptions of their own identity.
“I am going back to an unknown land, my own country,”says Oumou with a bright smile on their face.
Charles is convinced that they should bring back to their own community the know-how and the experience of life they gained while away from their country.
Watch here
By TJH
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump has condemned hate groups including white supremacists, calling them “repugnant” in remarks from the White House Monday, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one woman.
“Racism is evil,” said Trump. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Trump received bipartisan criticism over the weekend for their immediate response to the violence in Charlottesville, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from their golf club in New Jersey, the president condemned the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the “hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides” and noting that “there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters.”
On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's response, telling ABC News that “he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the [Ku Klux Klan].”
“That is their unequivocal position,” said Sessions.
The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met “the definition of domestic terrorism.” On Saturday night, Sessions announced that the Department of Justice was opening a federal investigation into the incident.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
Image copyright SWNS.com Image caption Gary Forester and their wife Kim had been granted custody of Yvette
A supermarket worker from Surrey is being hailed a lifesaver after tracking down a missing four-year-old girl thousands of miles away.
Harry Brown found Yvette Henley after making contact via Facebook with their estranged father, who had taken them to a US motel.
Mr Brown had an online chat with Virgil Henley and teased out their address by offering to order pizza for him.
Yvette's grandfather and guardian Gary Forester said: "Harry saved them life."
Mr Brown, 21, from Staines, was alerted when Mr Forester sent them a message after spotting that they were "friends" on Facebook with Mr Henley.
The 28-year-old had disappeared from California with Yvette and their girlfriend.
Image copyright SWNS.com Image caption Harry Brown persuaded Yvette's father to reveal the location where they were staying with them
A court had granted Mr Forester and their wife, Kim, custody in June.
Police in the US could not find them after almost two weeks of searching, but Mr Brown, who had had occasional contact with Mr Henley via Facebook, managed to find out where the family were staying within two days.
Mr Brown, who works at Sainsbury's, had previously become "friends" with Mr Henley on Facebook through a third party but they did not know them personally.
They told the BBC: "The conversation just continued until they gave me their motel address and room number."
They said the idea of offering to buy Mr Henley pizza just popped into their head. "I eat so much pizza in my life [the idea] just came to me."
Image copyright SWNS.com Image caption Gary Forester said Harry Brown had saved their granddaughter's life
Mr Brown forwarded the details to Mr Forester, who alerted police in Arizona. And instead of pizza, Mr Henley found police at their door.
Mr Forester said: "I was desperate to find them I can't explain how much Harry helped. We had prepared ourselves for the worst.
"In my heart, Harry saved their lives. I will be forever in gratitude to them for that."
San Bernadino County Sheriff's Department confirmed Mr Forester had reported Yvette missing on the day they were granted guardianship and that child protection services had collected Yvette from an address in Arizona.
In the days leading up to the NFL draft, there's always rumors swirling about the No. 1 pick. For former UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, none of that seems to matter.
Rosen joined NFL Network's Up To The Minute on Tuesday and said that they haven't paid any attention to the draft pundits hyping up their competition of Sam Darnold, Josh Allen and Baker Mayfield.
According to Rosen, he's confident he'll be the last one standing in a few years.
josh rosen snapped on em pic.twitter.com/NVqYk6b7M2 — Jordan Heck (@JordanHeckFF) April 24, 2018
Rosen said:
“I'm not paying attention to all that stuff very much. I've always been the No. 2 guy. Coming out of high school, Ricky Town was the dude. They were going to [USC]. I was going to UCLA. They were the No. 1 in the country. I was No. 2. They were going to bring USC back to the promised land. Blake Barnett — after Ricky kind of faded away. Blake Barnett was the Elite 11 MVP. They were the dude that was going to go to Bama, win a couple championships and go to the league as the first overall pick. You don't really hear about them too much. Sam Darnold, Baker Mayfield. These dudes that are these exotic, cool, flashy quarterbacks. That No. 1 pick — all this stuff. And I'm No. 2. And you know what, I'm gonna sit here. And in couple years, when it's all said and done, I'm confident that I'll still be standing.”
Rosen really didn't hold back there, especially at Barnett who transferred to Arizona State and is still the Sun Devils' backup quarterback.
The answer also gave some insight into how they viewed Darnold and Mayfield as prospects, calling them “flashy” and “exotic.”
The consensus mock draft has Rosen going to Denver with the No. 5 pick.
Getty
Comedian Ralphie May died early in Las Vegas on Friday, according to TMZ. May had been battling pneumonia for the past six weeks and passed away after doing into cardiac arrest. They were just 45 years old.
May has been a part of the stand-up comedy scene since the early 2000s. In 2003, they competed on Last Comic Standing, finishing in second place. They have toured the world and has a couple of comedy specials.
They have struggled with their weight for many years. Although they underwent gastric bypass surgery, they still weighed upwards of 400 pounds in recent years, according to My Big Life.
This isn't the first time that May has suffered from pneumonia. Back in 2011, May was in Tampa, Florida, heading out on a cruise to Mexico when they fell ill. While on the boat, May's health declined rapidly, according to the Tampa Bay Times. When the boat docked back in Florida, they were rushed to the hospital. Doctors diagnosed them with pneumonia and found blood clots in their lungs.
In January 2012, May posted a lengthy health update on Facebook. You can read it in part below.
“Yes, you are all right… I am ****ing really fat. I have a very low metabolism and the estrogen in marijuana made it worse. I loved smoking weed, and may go back to it someday. Its positive effects for me weren't to get high, but rather anxiety suppression, pain management, and stopping back spasms. I have a perfect storm of health problems and since I stopped smoking weed I have allowed my lungs to heal. I had two types of pneumonia and coughed major pulmonary embolisms, that almost killed me. The great medical staff of Tampa General Hospital saved my life.”
May was able to recover from the illness, but it took them several weeks to start feeling 100 percent.
Before their sudden passing, May was still touring. This past week, they had been doing shows in Las Vegas. One of their recent tweets (below) was about an upcoming show in Cleveland, Ohio.
#ONSALE: get ready to laugh with @Ralphie_May on Jan 13! Tickets are on sale NOW →https://t.co/1V16WixFDs pic.twitter.com/5YoxJIoOwI — Live Nation CLE (@livenationcle) October 6, 2017
May is survived by their two children. They and their ex-wife, Lahna Turner, split in 2015.
Warning: This story contains spoilers from Wednesday night's series finale.
TThe Americans” wrapped its six-season run Wednesday night, ending the saga of Reagan-era KGB agents (Matthew Rhys, Keri Russell) living undercover as happily married couple Philip and Elizabeth Jennings in suburban Virginia.
When the dust settled, Philip and Elizabeth — finally busted by their suspicious neighbor, FBI agent Stan Beeman (Noah Emmerich) — fled back to Mother Russia, leaving behind college-age daughter/rookie spy Paige (Holly Taylor) and their clueless younger son, Henry (Keidrich Sellati), to deal with the fallout.
“This was the one and only ending, so much so that we've actually known what the ending was going to be since about the beginning of Season 2,” series creator/executive producer Joe Weisberg told The Post. “At the end of the day, we wanted it to be a satisfying conclusion so that people feel something. We never felt that every single plotline had to be wrapped up, nor could it be. Life isn't like that.
“What we really wanted was people to feel they understood what had happened and [that] it made sense and it felt emotional and intense … and tragic.”
While “The Americans” finale tied up most of its loose ends, it did leave at least one plotline awash in ambiguity — the possibility that Stan's second wife, Renee (Laurie Holden), is a KGB agent. (Philip's final words to a gobsmacked Stan: “I'm not sure how to say this, but I think there's a chance Renee might be one of us. I'm not sure.”) Near the end of the episode, Renee hugs Stan on the driveway of their house, then stares across the street — watching FBI agents remove boxes of evidence from the Jennings home before turning and heading inside.
“You know, it's tricky,” Weisberg says. “It's supposed to be unreadable, so I think we have to let that one sit. Stan is going to have to talk to [Renee] and I love that final shot when they come up to give them a hug and we see that WTF? look on their face. He's going to have to talk to them and deal with it. Are they going to freak out? These are questions we can't answer.”
The show's final season, particularly the last three episodes, also saw Elizabeth's cold-blooded-killer facade crumble just a little (she refused a direct order to assassinate a Russian delegate, then murdered a fellow KGB agent to save the delegate's life). Weisberg is asked about this “180-degree” change — and if some viewers might have felt it was too sudden. “We've been getting that reaction from a lot of people, and I don't think it feels as 180-ish to us because she's still being loyal,” they say. “The orders are not legit to her, so not following illegitimate orders is still pretty consistent with who they are and has always been. The highest authority in their mind is not the KGB, it's the leader of their country.
“It would be fair to say that over the course of the show it's always been clear in our heads that Philip was changing and evolving faster than Elizabeth — and, in fact, was in some ways changing at a relatively quick clip,” they say. “We saw Elizabeth as changing and evolving here and there, little cracks opening up . . . and in the final season a couple of those cracks would meet each other.”
Says series executive producer/writer Joel Fields: “Our hope is that all six seasons of the show are seen as a dramatic piece — and that [the finale] feels like the final piece of the journey.”
The Trump administration is standing behind White House physician Ronny L. Jackson after their confirmation to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs was slowed by questions about their background and experience.
“Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country,” White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said in a statement. “He's served as the physician to three Presidents -- Republican and Democrat -- and been praised by them all. Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
Senate lawmakers postponed Jackson's confirmation hearing Monday after Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs raised concerns about their qualifications to manage the federal government's second-largest department.
The Washington Post and CBS News both reported Monday that the concerns included allegations of a hostile work environment and excessive drinking on the job. The New York Times reported that the committee is also probing allegations they allowed drugs to be overprescribed.
Last month, President Donald Trump nominated Jackson to head the department, which has more than 350,000 employees, exceeded in size only by the Defense Department.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said trade deals must help workers at home and abroad
Canada will push for environmental and labour protections during trade talks with the US and Mexico on Wednesday.
Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland outlined Canada's goals for the North American Free Trade Agreement on Monday in parliament.
US President Donald Trump is an outspoken critic of the agreement, and initiated the renegotiation in May.
The US is expected to push for more access to Canada's agricultural market, and an end to trade deficits.
Ms Freeland said Canada will push for the agreement to become more "progressive", and include more environmental and labour protections, as well as sections on gender equality and indigenous rights.
They also said Canada would seek a formal mechanism to ending trade disputes as they arise.
"We must pursue progressive trade agreements that are win-win, helping workers both at home and abroad to enjoy higher wages and better conditions," Ms Freeland said.
In their address to the committee on international trade, Ms Freeland laid out six main goals for the negotiations:
modernise the agreement for the technology sector
include provisions for the environment, labour, gender equality and indigenous rights
cut red tape
open up government-procurement processes
make it easier for professionals to work throughout North America
create a formal dispute mechanism to fight countervailing and anti-dumping duties
Canada is the America's largest export market and second-largest trading partner after China.
In 2016, more than $540bn (£416bn) of goods passed over the border between Canada and the US.
But tensions have been mounting under Mr Trump, who made tough-on-trade talk a hallmark of their campaign.
They have slapped tariffs on Canadian lumber and slammed Canadian pricing of dairy products, taking aim at Canada's system of supply management.
The US government has said trade deficits and market access will top its agenda during renegotiations.
Mexico wants to continue free access to goods and services, and strengthen the energy sector, according to a document leaked to Reuters.
Back in 2014, a new WrestleMania tradition was born.
In honor of wrestling's greatest giant, a special match bearing their name got added to the ‘Mania 30 card. On the evening of April 6, 2014, 31 men competed in the first ever Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal. Cesaro was the first man to win the match's massive trophy, followed by Big Show, Baron Corbin, and Mojo Rawley. 2018's edition of that match has even more importance tied to it than ever before – HBO will be airing a special documentary dedicated to Andre on April 10. Whoever ends up winning the golden trophy this year will certainly be considered more legendary than previous victors.
If you're wondering who's a part of the fifth Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal lineup, you've come to the right place.
Raw
– Scott Dawson
– Dash Wilder
SmackDown Live
To be announced…
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia strongly criticized the continued installation of barbed wire fences and other barriers by Russian soldiers near the administrative boundary line of Abkhazia, in the villages of Khurcha and Shamgona in the Zugdidi District.
In a statement released on August 11, the Ministry said:
“In April this year, the occupation forces carried out preparatory works on this perimeter and installed wooden pylons. The partner countries and international organizations were immediately informed about this development. On 9-11 August, barbed wire fences were installed on the abovementioned segment. The length of the fences reached 800-900 meters.
Following the closure of four so-called crossing points in Abkhazia region, the process of installation of barbed wire fences along the occupation line represents a part of Russia's deliberate policy to further isolate the population living in the occupied region and to hinder the peace processes by any means.
This action of the Russian occupation forces grossly violates the fundamental rights of the local population, restricting their freedom of movement and access to education and health care, which will further complicate the already difficult humanitarian situation in Abkhazia region.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs urges the Russian Federation to cease its aggressive steps against Georgia, respect the principles of international law and its undertaken commitments, to de-occupy the territory of Georgia and take steps for peaceful conflict resolution with respect to Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs appeals to the international community to properly assess and respond to the actions of the Russian occupation forces, which are directed to the factual annexation of territories of the sovereign state and damage the security environment as well as the international order,” reads the Ministry of Foreign Affairs statement.
“IMPROVE puts money back in the pockets of all Tennesseans and helps attract manufacturing jobs all while delivering nearly 1,000 road and bridge projects across all 95 counties. The Tennessee we can be provided not only access to opportunity, but the tools to be successful – good roads that take you to good jobs. As a conservative plan, the IMPROVE Act helps make us the Tennessee we can be,” Haslam said in an email statement.
Haslam's IMPROVE Act looks to raise the state's gas tax on gasoline by 6 cents and diesel by 10 cents, as well as cuts on the state's grocery tax and franchise and excise tax.
Committees in both houses approved the legislation last week, although some difference remains between the two versions. The Senate version also includes a property tax relief for eligible veterans and the elderly.
The House has seen several attempts to alter Haslam's plan, including a popular alternative introduced by Rep. David Hawk, R-Greeneville. Hawk's plan would have redirected a quarter of 1 percent of sales tax directly to the transportation fund, which should create about $291 million of reoccurring money every single year.
Hawk said during a House subcommittee meeting that they have worked with House leadership, including Speaker Beth Harwell, R-Nashville, to create an alternative plan, with the possibility of a phased-in approach to the gas tax increase or using general fund revenues.
They also did not rule out the possibility of introducing the alternative on the House floor this week.
The legislation has been heavily analyzed since Haslam introduced the measure, which they said would help alleviate about $278 million in backlogged transportation projects throughout the state.
Haslam visited Wilson County in February to discuss the plans, which called for a 7-cent gas tax increase at the time.
Several people questioned why money from a surplus could not be used rather than increasing the gas tax. Haslam said they did not want to commit surplus money to the road projects because they are too important and the surplus is not guaranteed every year.
Rep. Susan Lynn, R-Mt. Juliet, held several town hall meetings before and after the legislation was introduced, including a February meeting at the Mt. Juliet Chamber of Commerce.
Nearly all of the people in attendance said they favored a piece of legislation similar to Haslam's that is revenue neutral, rather than one similar to Hawk's proposal. Lynn said Hawk's plan is simple, but would go against two of the state's main principles when it comes to roads – build roads with cash and fund roads through user pay principles.
“In other words, those who use the roads pay for the roads and that way, what each person pays is proportion with their usage,” they said.
Economist Art Laffer, member of former President Ronald Reagan's Economic Policy Advisory Board, also offered their thoughts on the legislation earlier this year.
“We don't need more taxation in the state of Tennessee. We don't. You don't need to spend everything you get. When I look at the situation here, highway funding does appear to be a very needed activity. That's true, but we don't need to raise taxes and cut taxes that are temporary,” Laffer said. “We need to keep our taxes low and when you get extra revenues in, you want to make darn sure that you use those revenues to continue to control taxes.”
Under the IMPROVE Act, a total of 962 projects throughout the state would start within the next eight years, including 10 Wilson County road projects.
Among the Wilson County projects are two highly debated roadways in State Route 109 and South Mt. Juliet Road. The State Route 109 project is designated for the roadway from Highway 70 and north to the county line at Dry Fork Creek. The 7.5 miles of work is estimated to cost $18.5 million. The South Mt. Juliet Road project is estimated to cost $25.4 million to address the area between Central Pike and Providence Way.
Two Interstate 40 projects could address issues from Interstate 840 to Highway 70 and from State Route 109 to 840. The project's estimated total is $94 million.
Other projects include Central Pike from Old Hickory Boulevard to Mt. Juliet Road, Highway 70 from Park Glen Drive to Bender's Ferry Road, Hartsville Pike from south of Spring Creek to north of Lover's Lane and Hartsville Pike from north of Lovers Lane to Highway 70.
A new interchange at I-40 and Central Pike is also listed under the interstate program and estimated at $14.2 million.
Another project would feature I-40 and stretches across Davidson, Dickson, Cheatham, Williamson and Wilson counties, estimated to cost $4 million.
“IMPROVE directly addresses how we fund our roads and bridges for the first time in 30 years, keeping our transportation network safe, reliable and debt-free for the next generation of Tennesseans, and it provides Tennesseans the largest tax cut in our great state's history,” Haslam said.
Both houses are expected to take up the legislation Wednesday.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image caption Highlights: Mexico 0-0 Wales
Defender Ben Davies says manager Ryan Giggs' faith in the youngsters paid off in Wales' friendly against Mexico.
Without many key players a youthful Wales side held Mexico to a creditable 0-0 draw in Pasadena.
Brentford's Chris Mepham was handed a first start while George Thomas, 21, and 18-year-old Matt Smith made their debuts off the bench.
"The manager has put faith in people that have done well on the training pitch and that's right," Davies said.
"We had two new players make their debuts and they deserve it after the week we've had training."
Tottenham's Davies, who won their 39th cap against Mexico, praised 20-year-old Mepham who started alongside captain Ashley Williams in the centre of defence.
Williams was forced off with a rib injury during the first half and was replaced by Tom Lockyer of Bristol Rovers but Davies was pleased with the defensive efforts.
Image caption Chris Mepham delighted after first Wales start
"The boys that came in did excellently and it's something to build on," Davies added.
"He [Mepham] had a great game and deserved to start, the way he's been training and the same with Tom Lockyer when they came in.
"People will say there's a lack of experience there but it doesn't matter when you show the quality he's done.
"We worked hard enough not to let them score. I thought we did well."
Liverpool's 21-year-old Harry Wilson won their fourth cap, while Connor Roberts and David Brooks featured as second half substitutes at the Rose Bowl.
Midfielder Joe Ledley said the game will be good experience for Wales' youngsters ahead of the Nations League, which begins against the Republic of Ireland in September.
"It's great to see them come through and hopefully they can get many more caps to come," said Derby 's Ledley, who was 18 when they made their senior Wales debut under John Toshack in 2005.
"It's a good mixture here with youngsters coming through and a lot of experienced players, so hopefully we'll see that in the next campaign."
Hillsborough County deputies are searching for several guns stolen from Extra Space Storage along US Highway 301 South.
Deputies say 31-year-old David Hajipour and 33-year-old Joshua Vining broke into a unit and stole 15 guns, musical instruments and electronics.
Deputies arrested both of the suspects and recovered 12 of the firearms. Two AR-15 rifles and a handgun are still missing.
According to arrest documents, detectives discovered messages on Vining's phone about selling one of the firearms.
According to the sheriff's office, Hajipour was renting the storage unit next to the victim.
“(He) Climbed up over the top of the wall, underneath the chicken wire and ended up victimizing this person by stealing multiple weapons and other property as well,” Danny Alvarez, HCSO spokesperson, said.
The ceilings of the units are made of a wire webbing. A spokesperson for the facility says it's thicker than chicken wire, but they believe the thieves cut holes in it to gain access.
The facility has surveillance cameras, a security fence, security gate and key pad entry.
That same spokesperson told ABC Action News that the company monitors gate codes and the thieves did not use one the day of the burglary. The company would not tell us how the thieves gained access.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Police have arrested a Utah woman believed to be the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning.
Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke said Monday that 40-year-old Nannette Perkins was arrested Sunday at their Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about their identity.
Lohrke says the robber did little to hide them appearance.
They wore pajama bottoms, eyeglasses and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail while allegedly robbing banks in Cottonwood Heights, Salt Lake City, Sandy, Holladay and West Valley City.
Lohrke says they don't know what Perkins was wearing when they were arrested.
She's being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Getty
It didn't take long for police to identify Stephen Paddock as the gunman responsible for killing 58 people and injuring hundreds more when they opened fire from their hotel room at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
Nearly a week later, police still don't know Paddock's motive. However, ever since videos of the shooting appeared online, people have been talking about all different kinds of scenarios that may have happened, trying to make sense of this massacre. In addition, various conspiracy theories have been circulating online, including chatter about the Illuminati and a strange account of a woman who told people that they were “all going to die” about 45 minutes before the shooting, according to a concertgoer that spoke to the local news.
Some of the most talked about theories involve there being more than one shooter. Although LVMPD officer Larry Hadfield updated the public on this on Thursday (“We investigated. There was one single shooter. That's official,” they said), the internet has their own opinions about it. Aside from thinking that this massacre was just too big and too well-organized for one person to carry out on their own, there has also been a lot of speculation about a possible shooter that was located on the fourth floor of Mandalay Bay.
Check out the video below. Some people believe that they can see a gun going off on a much lower floor than the 32nd, where police say Paddock was located.
Some unofficial news outlets have given legs to these rumors by reporting that there indeed was gunfire from the fourth floor of the hotel.
“[Two] videos show gunfire originating from the fourth floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel, much lower than the 32nd floor, where the mainstream media is claiming Stephen Paddock, a ‘lone wolf,' fired on the crowd using an automatic weapon,” reported Your Newswire. “The answers are simple. The corporate media, controlled by a small, elite oligarchy, is operating on behalf of the New World Order, attempting to mislead the public into believing their enemies are their friends, and their friends are their enemies,” the site added.
These stories have been circulating on social media, causing many people to wonder if Paddock was a lone gunman. Snopes reports that the stories about a gunman on the fourth floor of Mandalay Bay are false.
“Despite what the narrator says, the video in fact does not show muzzle flashes from a nonexistent shooter on the fourth floor of the hotel. The most obvious evidence supporting this is that none of the windows on the hotel's fourth floor were broken. Another video tracked down by social media users shows the same light flashing an hour before the shooting started — it can be seen twinkling on the right side of the screen.”
You can see that video below.
Additional details about Stephen Paddock and about the Las Vegas concert shooting are being released daily.
G-Star Raw is adding yet another celebrity ambassador to its team, and this one is a no-brainer.
Following multiple collections with veteran Pharrell, the label has now gotten Jaden Smith to launch a line of sustainable denim, which is scheduled to hit retailers in Fall 2018.
The 19-year-old expressed their interest in the brand following Pharrell's initial involvement, and the N.E.R.D frontman took to Instagram to welcome Smith to the G-Star family.
Jaden themselves said about the upcoming collaboration: “What [G-Star] has been doing with sustainable innovation recently has been so inspiring, especially with the launch of their most sustainable jeans ever. They are at the forefront of denim sustainability, on top of the denim game. G-Star is a great place for me to collaborate, learn, and make a positive impact on denim and fashion.”
This collaboration is pretty much a no-brainer–Smith is known to have a passion for sustainable product and preserving our environment. They co-founded the boxed water company JUST Water with their dad, Will Smith, so their fashionable self getting into the game of making clothes more sustainable seems like the perfect pairing.
Keep an eye out for Smith's sustainable denim capsule with G-Star Raw to hit select retailers later this year. In other news, Smith will be kicking off their Vision Tour on April 4 in San Diego.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Zach Johnson and Brandon Goodwin combined for 49 points and Florida Golf Coast pulled away from Jacksonville State for an 80-55 win on Saturday night, running the Eagles' winning streak to 11, their longest at the Division I level.
Johnson had 25 points, Goodwin 24 and Dinero Mercurius 11 as FGCU (18-8, 9-0 Atlantic Sun) picked up its 100th conference win since moving up from D-II in 2008. Twice the Eagles won 14 in a row, the last time 11 years ago.
Jace Hogan led the Dolphins (12-14, 6-3) with 17 points and Tanner Rubio had 13. Jacksonville State also had 19 turnovers.
FGCU led 33-25 at the half and steadily pulled away to get the season sweep. The Eagles won 68-62 at home a week earlier and are now up three games plus the tiebreaker with five games remaining in the regular season.
Shane Lowry squeezed into the weekend as Rickie Fowler and Bryson DeChambeau took a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the Waste Management Phoenix Open.
Fowler and Dechambeau both shot rounds of 66 on Friday and are tied at ten under. Lowry managed an second round even par 71 featuring two bogies and two birdies to leave them on minus one – right on the cut mark.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, while Fowler bogeyed the 17th but was helped by a run of four birdies in six holes on the front nine, including a stunning approach to the sixth.
A 191,400-strong crowd turned out to see the Americans go into the third day 10 under with fellow compatriots Daniel Berger and Chez Reavie a stroke back.
Berger and Reavie both signed for bogey-free rounds of 65, with Reavie carding an eagle on the driveable 17th.
Americans make up the top seven on the leaderboard, with Chesson Hadley, Scott Stallings and Chris Kirk all eight under.
Scot Martin Laird is then in the group at seven under alongside world number two Jon Rahm after a 67.
Robert Garrigus had spectators in a frenzy after almost making an ace on the par-four 17th, the flag-pole being the only thing to deny them the hole-in-one. They went on to card an eagle, finishing two under for their first two rounds.
“I talked to Lt. Gen. Flynn about that conversation and actually was initiated on Christmas Day they had sent a text to the Russian ambassador to express not only Christmas wishes but sympathy for the loss of life in the airplane crash that took place,” Pence said.
Pence said they had personally spoken to Flynn, who assured them that the conversation was an informal chat — it turned out Pence was misled.
“It was strictly coincidental that they had a conversation. They did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia,” Pence said on the show.
Scandal is back for the last time season. This is the final season. Woosah, let's keep it together. Anyway, Linda Vargas is dead and the public thinks it was a heart attack, but we know better. Mellie Grant and Cyrus are the president and vice president of the United States, but you know Olivia Pope
really
pulls the strings. The episode opens with Olivia persuading a senator to vote for the Vargas Bill (his education bill that would make college free for all Americans) that they are staunchly against. You know Olivia is persuasive, and that
everyone
in this world has dirt on them. Said senator has a lot of career-ending dirt on them and Olivia has receipts. They know what's up so they bend to them will.
In fact, this entire episode, and possibly season, is about Olivia and keeping the massive amount of power they have been given.
The gladiators, led by pregnant Quinn, get a new case that turns out to be a big one. A woman comes through, desperately seeking their father, who went missing. Them dad is a traveling college professor with an affinity for teaching in extremely dangerous countries and they were last heard from in a shady country that has a contentious relationship with the US (over nuclear warheads), at some sort of symposium. That's just surface level though, we know he's not really a professor.
Olivia and Rowan Pope link up for dinner and we already know that daddy is a straight shooter. Papa Pope tells them not to become a slave to the power they have because it can take them to dark places and they can lose control. Olivia is a bit naive and insists that they will be in charge at all times, but Rowan used to be them so they know. They warn them that there is a reckoning coming for her, meaning that one day they will be forced to make terrible decisions in order to keep their power because they “can't have it all.” Olivia naively disagrees and tells daddy to watch them werk.
But we know that Papa Pope is always right.
Speaking of power, Olivia and Jake are getting it on again. They're not in a relationship, as per Olivia's wishes, but it's going to get complicated again. Jake is a glutton for punishment.
We find out the missing professor is actually a CIA agent who got captured. Jake gets the scoop and he's nervous that this man will give away classified info on the US so they want to follow protocol, which is to kill captured spies, but they must authorize this quietly. Olivia is reluctant so they say she'll think about it. Jake informs them that being command gets easier–you know, once you've lost your soul, but Liv isn't budging. This is definitely a source of contention between the two of them.
Later on, Cyrus meets with a democratic senator who tells them that they should vote against Mellie on the Vargas Bill for now and then wait until they become president to push the bill again. Said senator says that the bill is really the democratic platform anyway, and that even though he's a registered republican, all signs still point to liberal. He's gay, adopted a black baby, he's the VP to the first woman president, they stumped for Frankie Vargas, etc. Cyrus is hesitant at first, but the senator already put the bug in their ear and you know how Cyrus is when it comes to the allure of power.
By this point Jake went behind Olivia's back and convinced Mellie to agree to killing “the professor.” Meanwhile, Olivia reaches out to the country's ambassador, who is in DC for peace talks, and demands to know where the spy is. They play dumb at first, but l Liv has Huck on standby, ready to shoot the man's son who is on the playground being a kid (cold blooded). At the same time, Jake and Mellie are watching the strike set up to kill the spy (and play it off as a casualty) only to discover that the man has been moved. Basically, Olivia got what they wanted. “The professor” was delivered to the US embassy unharmed.
Olivia always wins.
The episode winds down with Cyrus deciding against colluding with the democratic senator and remaining loyal to Mellie. Then the announcement comes that Mellie got all the votes they need to pass the Vargas Bill. College will be free for all Americans. Too bad that isn't real life.
Olivia breaks up with Jake again.
And then we find out that Olivia was actually colluding with the democratic politician as a way to test how loyal Cyrus is.
Finally, Mellie goes off on Olivia for side stepping their authority. Mellie demands that Olivia bend to their will, but Olivia makes it clear that they bow to no one. Olivia delivers a convincing speak in a way that only a Pope can, about how they're fighting the patriarchy together and that Mellie has to stop thinking of them as an employee and thinking of them as what they are, the boss–that's if they want to be iconic.
Mellie wants to be iconic.
RELATED POSTS
‘Scandal' Recap: Mama Pope Makes A Move No One Saw Coming
‘Scandal' Recap: You Won't Believe Who Rowan Pope Is Really Afraid Of
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LONDON -- The Lee's Summit High School marching band performed in front of millions of people at the London New Year's Day parade on Sunday.
It's a new years tradition that brought 8,000 performers from around the world, including from here in the metro, all to perform in the famous London parade.
About an hour and a half into the parade, a name we recognize. A warm welcome for the golden tiger marching band.
A two minute performance, that was months in the making. Playing some of the music from their favorite movies, and a medley of Rocky songs, including 'Eye of the Tiger,' a perfect fit for these Golden Tigers.
"We have been working all fall, with our marching season. We have been finalizing the details on this routine for the past few months," Band Director Brady Finch said.
And they weren't the only familiar face we saw in the parade.
Dorothy followed the yellow brick road to Parliament Square.
It was a once in a lifetime memory for this band to start the new year.
Olivia Palermo and Banana Republic are a perfect fit. The fashion blogger, model, and designer is one of the most popular influencers at the moment. They have a unique style that everyone can learn from.
Olivia and Banana Republic finally introduced their first collection together. It is a 70-piece line that includes all of the essentials for the upcoming cold weather. You will immediately recognize Palermo's fine taste of fashion in all of the designs. They carry a soft military vibe, mixed with a lot of simplicity and femininity.
“The most important thing was taking the aesthetic and the heritage of the brand and bringing my own element to it. [The collection] puts a really great, fun touch on basics.”- Olivia told Vogue.
The amazing coats are the highlight of the collection. A huge standout is the long, warm, daring red coat, which is in the military style. The coat is decorated with eye-catching gold buttons and matched with chic black lace-up booties. This coat will be priced at $398.
Another classic design, that Olivia upgraded is the asymmetrical trench coat. The cream-colored trench is an all-timer, that Banana Republic sells almost every year. It will be available for $228. Palermo's personal favorite is the outstanding jacquard jacket In the pictures you could see it paired with an elegant pleated maxi dress. You'll be able to buy the coat for $348 and the maxi dress for $148.
Palermo became a global ambassador for the brand last fall.  They are the first female ambassador of Banana Republic. Since last year they've had a very productive collaboration. The blogger gave monthly advice for shoppers, teaching them how to style their Banana Republic pieces. They have their own section on the brand's website where they choose and posts their favorite designs. Olivia attended a pop-up store in SoHo, where they personally talked with the customers and helped them with their styling.
For the CFDA Awards, that happened in May, the blogger chose a dress from the Fall 2017 Collection. Olivia gave everyone a sneak peek of the upcoming collection with the beautiful off-the-shoulder ruffled dress that will be available soon for $148. The Fall 2017 collection will be available both in stores and online starting from September 9. The price for the designs will range between $38 and $1,000.
Photo Credit: Banana Republic x Olivia Palermo
Made any New Year's resolutions?
For those who did, chances are they plan to be a better person, according to the Marist Poll. The poll analyzed the top resolutions for the year and broke down the resolutions by demographics.
Being a better person led the way at 16 percent, while weight loss and exercising more tied for second at 10 percent. Improving finances, health and eating healthier all weighed in at 7 percent.
In 2016, weight loss was No. 1 at 12 percent, while getting a better job took second at 10 percent. Exercising more, quitting smoking and improving one's health all had nine percent.
Last year's resolutions were kept by 68 percent of people, according to the poll. The commitment to keeping the promise to oneself was up from 64 percent the previous year and was the highest mark since 2013, when 72 percent of those polled said they stuck with their goals.
For women in 2017, 19 percent mentioned being a better person than any other improvement. For men, being a better person tied exercising at 12 percent as the top goal.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) Denver Broncos coach Gary Kubiak stepped down from their dream job on Monday because of health concerns, saying ”the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.”
Kubiak missed a week of work in October after suffering a complex migraine, their second health scare in three years.
Kubiak went 24-11, including a victory in Super Bowl 50, but a 9-7 finish this season kept the Broncos out of the playoffs.
General manager John Elway said they were saddened and disappointed in Kubiak's resignation, ”but I understand and respect Gary for doing what's right for them and their family.”
Elway now embarks on their third head coaching search in their six seasons as Broncos GM.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAKE TAPAWINGO, Mo. -- An adorable dog made history Thursday night in Lake Tapawingo as they spread a powerful message across the country.
Thursday night's City Council meeting at Lake Tapawingo City Hall started out pretty routine. A small crowd of citizens, the mayor and council members stood and recited the Pledge of Allegiance.
Moments later, amid much anticipation, all eyes quickly turned to a special canine turned celebrity. Their name is Stanley.
”I just love them so much. He's the sweetest, and their main goal is to take a step for others and to take a step for acceptance,” a proud Deborah Pack said about their beloved pet and friend.
”Stanley is an ambassador we all can learn from,” Lake Tapawingo Mayor Tom Goddard said.
Stanley was born with several physical challenges, including a cleft lip, a curved spine and deformities in their back legs.
“Stanley is so strong. They overcame each of these challenges, got the medical help they needed, grew stronger, and today he's doing just fine. Now, through their own outreach program, they are now reaching others, teaching children and adults about acceptance, love and and how not to judge others but to accept everybody's differences," Pack said.
Thursday night, the 65-pound pooch made history. Stanley received a proclamation from Lake Tapawingo's mayor. It's the humble hound's 29th such award.
”He's been to day cares, down in homeless areas, to schools, to nursing homes and he's helped so many children fighting cancer. Stanley has no judgement, they have no opinion and so people related to him. They just has to be there and people have to know that somebody's there, somebody's cares. Wherever the need is, we go to it,” Pack said.
The canine celebrity brought the mayor's wife to tears.
“I just don't know how a dog can do this to you, but it does and I'm very impressed with Stanley," Jody Goddard said.
No doubt Stanley now has Lake Tapawingo by the tail.
”A lot of people have challenges that they have to deal with on a daily basis, so when they see them take a step forward it gives them hope and encouragement to keep going,” Pack said.
The caring canine with a huge heart won't stop until he's taken their message to the White House.
“And we're hoping to get a White House resolution or a proclamation and if we get that, then we have done it! We have met that ultimate goal!” Pack said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FAIRBORN, Ohio (WDTN) – Fraternities and sororities on Wright State University's campus held a “Toys for Tots” drive Monday.
They set up sites around campus for students, faculty or anyone else to donate to the cause and they filled seven large boxes with toys.
The organizations on campus hope their act will inspire others to help give to others this holiday season.
Grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. Stay up to date with all the local news, weather and sports as well as live newscasts and events as they happen.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest news, weather and sports.
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Uruguay's Luis Suarez, left, and Diego Godin celebrate after the round of 16 match between Uruguay and Portugal at the 2018 soccer World Cup at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi, Russia, Saturday, June 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/David Vincent). France's Kylian Mbappe, left celebrates with teammate France's Antoine Griezmann after scoring the opening goal of the game during the group C match between France and Peru at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Yekaterinburg Are...
By STEPHEN WADE
AP Sports Writer
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) - France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
"Well, that was a good year for them to be born, even if they didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup," joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. "I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen."
?It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defense anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven - most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
"It's flattering to be the second one since Pele," said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. "But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category."
This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry - the so-called "Rainbow Team" from a multicultural France.
"In a World Cup you have the top-level players," said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. "So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup."
After three lackluster games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defense. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
"You need some patience," Deschamps said.
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru, which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe.
They termed Uruguay "solid and aggressive" in a French television interview, adding: "These are not qualities displayed by Argentina."
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships.
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where their teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez. Godin is the godfather of Griezmann's daughter.
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann, Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti.
"I've always joked ... that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup," Suarez said. "And it came true."
Suarez's running mate, Edinson Cavani, scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury, and it' unclear if they will play.
Their absence would be a blow to the South Americans, but defense is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball.
"I think very often there's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities," said Tabarez, who took over in 2006.
"If you don't have ball possession, you can still inflict pain."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The largest union for U.S. truck drivers, which has taken a cautious view of autonomous vehicles, called for stronger safeguards after a self-driving SUV operated by Uber Technologies Inc. killed a pedestrian in Phoenix on Sunday.
In a statement, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters said it was "deeply concerned" with how self-driving vehicles are being tested on public roads and highways.
"It is sad and unfortunate that a life was lost in this collision," the Teamsters said in the statement. "Steps must be taken to avoid these situations in the future. Driverless technology is still in a testing phase and there are enormous risks inherent to testing unproven technologies on public roads."
The victim, a 49-year-old woman, was crossing a road outside of a crosswalk in Tempe, Arizona, when they were struck by an Uber sport utility vehicle operating in self-driving mode around 10 p.m. with a human safety driver supervising the vehicle, according to the Tempe police. After the accident, Uber said it was pausing tests of all its self-driving vehicles on public roads in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto and the greater Phoenix area.
The Teamsters union has urged lawmakers to slow legislation that would preempt state laws and allow companies to deploy self-driving cars without steering wheels, foot pedals or other features in greater numbers than possible now. The group convinced lawmakers to limit the bills' reach to passenger cars and light trucks and not bigger, commercial trucks driven by many Teamster members. The House passed its self-driving legislation last year but a similar bill has been stalled in the Senate by Democrats seeking tougher safety and oversight enhancements.
"The safety of autonomous technology is not proven, and there are many unanswered questions about how ‘driverless' technology is supposed to operate," the Teamsters said. "More than 600,000 skilled Teamsters operate trucks and other vehicles and are among the safest drivers on the road."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- A teacher was injured after being assaulted by a student in a special education program at the Blue Valley Service Center on Monday.
Johnson County Fire said they received a call that one person was assaulted shortly before 10 a.m. at the facility.
Blue Valley school district said in a news release that the incident occurred in a special education program that serves elementary students.
"A student became agitated and acted out, resulting in injuries to the teacher. At no time were other students in any danger," the statement reads.
Police said the teacher who was injured heard commotion in a classroom as they were walking by. They went inside and was trying to assist a teacher getting a male student under control when they stabbed their hand with a pencil.
Staff members intervened to ensure both student and staff safety. Emergency personnel were also called to assist with the situation.
Police said when they get called to this type of situation, they send Crisis Intervention Training officers (CITs), who are trained in dealing with situations involving individuals with special needs.
Most officers go through this type training, but CITs go through at least 40 additional hours of CIT training. School resource officers and community officers all have advanced training.
Johnson County Fire dispatch said the teacher's injuries were considered minor. The teacher was reportedly taken to KU Hospital. Police said she's already been released.
Tour hours for the home at 107 Vanner Road will be Saturday from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m., and Sunday from noon until 5 p.m. The $450,000 St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway house features four bedrooms, four bathrooms, a gourmet kitchen, a spa master bath, custom playroom and designer trim details throughout.
This year marks the 13th anniversary of the St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway in Middle Tennessee and the first year a Dream Home was built in Mt. Juliet.
In addition to the house, other prizes available include a CMA Awards package, including two lower-level tickets to the 51st annual CMA Awards, a luxurious one-night stay and a full styling session with a celebrity stylist, courtesy of Country Music Association, Hotel Indigo and the Showroom Nashville; a 2017 Ford Escape, courtesy of Two Rivers Ford; and several other prizes.
Winners of the 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway and additional prizes will be drawn June 25 live on WZTV Fox 17.
Signature Homes built the home. Kris Keown with Signature Homes said it wouldn't be possible without the dozens of volunteers and vendors.
The St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway tickets can be reserved at Two Rivers Ford in Mt. Juliet, by calling 800-746-6713 or online at dreamhome.org.
For more information, visit stjude.org/give/dream-home/nashville.html#openhouse.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. – Indiana's fourth-largest city is becoming the state's latest community to ban smoking in bars.
The expanded South Bend smoking ban ordinance was approved in March and will take effect Tuesday. A state law adopted in 2012 prohibits smoking in most indoor workplaces, including restaurants. But it exempts bars, private clubs and casinos.
Some South Bend bar owners fought the city's smoking ban. They argued some of their customers will go to nearby Mishawaka or unincorporated parts of St. Joseph County, where smoking in bars will remain legal, the South Bend Tribune reported.
Mike Jolly's bar Murphy's Backyard Bar & Grill is a block from Mishawaka. Jolly called South Bend's ban "stupid" but said they will follow it.
"I don't think they ought to have the right to dictate small business," Jolly said. "But if I don't abide by it, they'll probably pull my city license so I can't do business in South Bend."
Similar bans on smoking in bars are in place in several other Indiana communities, including its two largest, Indianapolis and Fort Wayne. The state Supreme Court in April 2016 rejected a challenge to the Indianapolis ban.
Latorya Greene, community coordinator for Smoke Free St. Joe, said the group recently hand-delivered implementation kits to about 60 bars. The kits include table tents, window stickers and posters with a "Breathe Easy South Bend" logo.
"It's moving our community in the right direction, protecting all workers from secondhand smoke," Greene said. "I feel they're definitely capable of doing this."
Ray Mrozinski, who has owned My Place bar in South Bend for 20 years, said they hope tavern owners will unite in an attempt to reverse the ban.
"It's going to hurt me a lot," Mrozinski said. "All my customers are smokers and I am, too. Everybody is talking about it every day in here."
But John Bonk, a bartender at South Bend's Green Star Cafe, said fears of big business losses didn't come true after the cafe prohibited smoking four years ago.
"We dropped a few customers but we also gained a few customers, so it didn't hurt us at all," Bonk said.
------
Information from: South Bend Tribune.
Mesut Ozil is open to a move to Manchester United next summer, according to Goal.
The Red Devils are reportedly one of only three clubs the Germany international would consider joining if they leaf the Emirates Stadium on a free transfer in July 2018. Their former club Real Madrid and their La Liga rivals Barcelona is the other two sides for which Ozil is apparently interested in signing.
Ozil, aged 28, is said to be weighing up their options at present. They could yet stay at the Emirates Stadium, despite contract talks having been on hold since February.
The report claims that suggestions the playmaker has rejected an offer of a £275,000-a-week deal from the Gunners are false and that no new terms have been tabled since the talks ended.
Ozil recently bought a new home in London and is happy living in the capital.  They are said to be settled and have made many close friends since arriving from Madrid in 2013.
DEAR AMY: I've been dating a woman for about six months now. We started dating soon after what I thought was their official breakup with their ex-boyfriend. They moved out of the house they shared with them and moved in with a co-worker of mine.
I just found out that they never broke up with their boyfriend. They apparently think they are “just figuring things out.”
When we first started seeing each other I suggested we casually date other people because they just got out of a relationship. They told me they want me and doesn't need anyone else.
I've also recently found out that they have at least two other lovers — these are people they were seeing while in their prior relationship.
I told them I don't want to date them anymore, and they suggested that we just have a sexual relationship. I declined, and now she's telling people I abused them
I try to stay away, but when a woman says something like that, it becomes “fact” in everyone's mind.
Help me! I have no idea what to do.
Hurting
DEAR HURTING: How fast can you run? Strap on your track shoes and get (and stay) away from this one-woman wrecking ball.
Them suggestion that you two should segue from an emotional relationship into a sex-only relationship seems to violate your own values and standards. And this — and their reaction to your rejection — says everything you need to know about them
You need to answer any accusation calmly by saying — to the accuser — “You know that that is simply not true.” Then separate from this person immediately. Disconnect from them on all social media, and purposely avoid having any personal or phone contact with them — or through other people.
Related Articles Ask Amy: I was wearing the pants and the skirt, but my divorce still depresses me
Ask Amy: Cheating girlfriend now a workaholic
Ask Amy: My wife's jealousy makes me want to flee — but she's pregnant
Ask Amy: Adoptive ‘mom' says I owe them
Ask Amy: I feel so guilty — I never sent wedding thank-yous Friends of yours will not automatically believe a false accusation. You should address it directly by saying, “This is absolutely not true.” Avoid trashing them (this could escalate their accusations), but do say, “She and I have different ideas about how to have a relationship.”
If you feel this slander has legs, and if it is having a negative impact on your other relationships, your reputation and your work, you should see a lawyer. These lies might be legally actionable.
DEAR AMY: I have a friend with whom I have been close for about 15 years. I am 46 years old, disabled and I live in my parents' detached garage, which they have fashioned into an apartment for me.
I cannot work full time because of my condition.
I work part time from home, pay my own bills, buy my own groceries and buy my own clothes, etc.
My problem is that my friend's mother hates and resents the fact that I still live with my parents.
Every time they see me they scream at me that I am spoiled and have no right to be here.
They feel that I am taking advantage of my parents. Besides the fact that my living arrangements are none of their business, it irritates me when they say this stuff, when after their relationship with my friend's father soured and they kicked them out of the house, they moved in with their father and they converted the second story of their home into an apartment for her!
I want to scream at them and say that my relationship with my parents is none of their business, but I'm afraid that this will cost me my relationship with my dear friend.
I avoid them as much as possible, but we inevitably cross paths sometimes. What can I do?
Aggravated
DEAR AGGRAVATED: Avoidance is your best defense. You can also verbally dodge this person when you encounter them
Sometimes people shout the loudest about problems they themselves have. This could be one of those times. Your friend's mother might be trying to send their own child a message; regardless of their motivation, they should not verbally attack you.
Related Articles Melissa Etheridge on getting high with their kids: ‘It brings you closer'
Miss Manners: This baby shower was the worst ever
Carolyn Hax: I resent my husband for leaving the workforce
Ask Amy: I was wearing the pants and the skirt, but my divorce still depresses me
Ask Amy: Cheating girlfriend now a workaholic If you encounter this woman and they start in, you should never, ever, scream back. Let some silence build (silence makes screamers very uncomfortable). And then you can take a breath and say, quietly, “Um, respectfully, my living situation and relationship with my own parents is really none of your concern. We're good.”
DEAR READERS: Sometimes people who dispense advice run out of answers. If you've ever been curious about the life behind my advice, read my new book, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home” (2017, Hachette).
Send questions to askamy@amydickinson.com or Ask Amy, c/o Tribune Content Agency, LLC., 16650 Westgrove Drive, Suite 175, Addison, TX 75001.
The Warriors are heavy favorites to win the title, but there are reasons to think the Cavs could make things interesting in the 2018 NBA Finals.
It's strange to think that, just five years ago, the San Francisco 49ers were the gold standard for NFL organizations. The roster was packed with young talent, led by a capable head coach, and the team made it to the three conference championships and a Super Bowl as a result.
But ever since Jim Harbaugh left, coupled to some severe injuries to Colin Kaepernick, things have been going downhill fast in San Fran. Jim Tomsula came and went in 2015, then after a disappointing showing this year, Chip Kelly will be the latest to move on.
So, once again, the the 49ers will find themselves back to the drawing board. And it'll cost them: As Adam Schefter noted on Sports Center this morning, between Kelly, Tomsula and their various assistants, they've burned $69 million on head coaches.
July 2, 2018
Father Mike Schmitz carries the Blessed Sacrament during Adoration at the Steubenville Lone Star Conference on June 23 in Irving. (Photo courtesy/Joseph Barringhaus)
IRVING — 4,500 teenagers dropped to their knees before the Blessed Sacrament. Some prayed silently while others raised their arms, singing along with the worship music that enveloped the Irving Convention Center.
Some of those 4,500 had been here before. They had experienced the beauty and joy that occurs at a Life Teen Steubenville Conference and continued to seek it every summer. But for others it was their first time encountering Christ in this way.
Regardless of the number of times they had been, many were left with the same feelings when they departed from the conference that ran from June 22 to June 24.
They were overcome with the love and acceptance they found with their peers through group prayer and open conversation. They wept at the beauty and closeness of the Lord as they kneeled before the Blessed Sacrament in Adoration. They realized they were not alone and were forever changed by the powerful talks given by speakers who guided them through the weekend.
This kind of experience can change the course of a teenager's life, and did many years ago for one of the keynote speakers at the conference.
Joel Stepanek was a first-year student in high school when they attended their first Steubenville Conference at the request of their mother. They admitted that they aren't keen on going, but looking back they were glad that they did.
“I went and it was incredible. I had a major conversion. Saturday night, seeing the procession of the Blessed Sacrament and just realizing that, you know, the Lord lives and is present and is still working. That was just very powerful.” Stepanek recalled.
During Adoration at the conference, they had a powerful conversion that kick-started their journey to speaking at the very conference that changed their lives so many years prior.
After the conference, Stepanek became very active in their faith throughout their high school years and into college. They graduated with a degree in religious studies and went on to be a youth minister for five years. They gained speaking experience and connected with the youth through this relational ministry until they were called to work for Life Teen as a curriculum writer. After a few chance speaking engagements, Stepanek found themselves speaking to thousands of teens across the globe as a member of Life Teen's speaking team.
Now the director of resource development, an established author, and world-traveling speaker, Stepanek never thought they would have ended up here.
“It was just something that developed pretty organically. It wasn't something that I sought out, but was open to,” Stepanek said.
Their openness to God's plan led them to change the lives of thousands of teens per weekend, and it is not a role Stepanek takes lightly. The former youth minister recognizes the power that their position holds.
“When I was a youth minister, I used to talk about what's called the speaker effect. It is when I would say something to my teens, eight different times, 20 different ways, ‘Jesus loves you', but when they would hear it from the stage at a conference, they'd say ‘Oh my gosh, Jesus loves me, I never knew.' Now I am that voice that gets through to them. My goal is to provide a conduit for the Holy Spirit to speak to them.”
They also use their platform to give a rest to the youth ministers attending the conferences.
“The conference speakers take the pressure off of the youth ministers who are here at Steubenville who usually have to give the talks and plan the logistics. Here they are able to just process, be in a relationship with the teens, and walk with them. They don't have to do the lifting of giving a talk, they do the real heavy lifting in relational ministry,” Stepanek continued.
Joel Stepanek and Emily Wilson speak during a keynote talk at the Steubenville Lone Star Conference on June 23. (Photo courtesy/Joseph Barringhaus)
The four speakers, Joel Stepanek, Father Mike Schmitz, Emily Wilson, and Mike Gormley, were able to lift the pressure off of the youth ministers during the three-day conference, where they spoke on everything from personal relationships with God to what to look for in a potential spouse.
Those 4,500 teenagers' personal relationships with God represent an anomaly in today's society. Catholic News Service reported that young adults are the least religious age group today, but it is hard to believe when looking at the crowd of thousands of teenagers who set aside their weekend to seek a closer relationship with the Lord. Stepanek recognized this anomaly and thinks seeing a change in the statistics will take many years.
“They are, on a whole, less religious and less spiritual. But the context they are coming from is less religious. In part, the generation before them and the generations who are raising them are slightly less religious. The change will happen by focusing on youth, helping to revitalize youth and family ministry, and helping empower them to live as disciples,” Stepanek said.
“It is a long process and I think everyone wants a two-year plan, but you're looking at empowering a family to baptize their kids as Catholic and raise them in the faith, and you're not going to see the fruit of that for 18 years necessarily. But it happens at a parish level and those things are supported by conferences like this.”
Steubenville Lone Star gave the teens that opportunity to start that faith journey. Stepanek credits the conferences with opening the teenagers' eyes to the different aspects of the Catholic faith.
“These are moments where teenagers realize that they are not alone. That there are other teens who are living this out. They get to see things that they don't normally see on a parish level, as far as the volume of the people here but also different religious orders and multiple priests,” they said. “They hear different speakers who are completely sold out for the Lord, and they get to hear the Gospel proclaimed. All of that is critical.”
Life Teen created an atmosphere of encouragement for the teens throughout the weekend, as there were 200 priests, dozens of religious sisters, a handful of monks, and hundreds of adults in attendance, all eager to help these teens on their journey with Christ.
Conferences like this one happen across the globe on all scales. But this summer Life Teen will host 25 Steubenville conferences across the country, and an estimated 50,000 teenagers will get the opportunity to be changed by Christ.
Life Teen doesn't stop reaching for the teens' hearts at the yearly conferences; they also have a very active presence on social media.
“We have great blog content, YouTube content, and try to have active social media accounts on Twitter and Instagram. We really try to just provide little bursts of the Lord during their day,” Stepanek explained.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bidding for the Central Club in Reading is still open to community, voluntary and non-for profit groups, Reading Borough Council's leader has stressed.
It comes as the council ratified the sale of the club on the open market last month meaning all types of businesses and groups can bid for the club.
The sale of the club was initially opened to community groups across Reading who were given the chance to bid on the building which has been empty since 2006.
However, the council turned down these offers, a decision which has been the subject of much outrage.
A second round of bidding for the building is due to begin in early autumn.
Councillor Jo Lovelock said: "The council is reiterating that any of the existing community bidders – or indeed any other third sector group – would be welcome to bid for the building as part of this next round.
"All offers and the associated organisations would be fully evaluated and would take account of any community value, as well as the financial offer itself."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cllr Lovelock made the case that council maintenance of the club was unaffordable.
In a ten year period from 2010 to 2020, £57.5 million of funding for Reading will have been cut.
Cllr Lovelock said: "By offering the site on the open market, the Council aims to attract new bids which will provide us with a full range of options upon which to make an informed decision based on best value, but that process does not preclude bids from community groups."
The 'third sector' is a catch-all term for community, voluntary and non-for profit groups. Bids exclusively from the 'third sector' were received for five months starting in July 2016.
It was decided that this period would not be expanded, as members of the council did not think these bids gave the best value for the council or tax payers.
Community group Aspire CIC has started a petition against the sale of the building, claiming it had raised £10 million to purchase the club.
However Cllr Lovelock said: "I am aware that there is an inaccurate perception in the public domain that one of the original bidders, Aspire, has offered the council a large sum of money to buy the building.
"Whilst the council cannot divulge the full detail of the bid, I want to clarify that Aspire has not offered Reading Borough Council any money to acquire the property."
Aspire CIC is now looking into whether it can challenge the council's decision and is also consulting its lawyers about launching a judicial review.
Although the building has now been put on the open market, the council has made clear that it expects any offers received in the next round to include proposals to secure the future of the black history mural.
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- It's been more than 28 years since six firefighters were killed in one of the worst explosions ever to rock Kansas City. Wednesday, for the first time, one of the people convicted of their murders could walk out of a courtroom a free man.
A 2012 Supreme Court ruling says juveniles can't be given life sentences without the possibility of parole without taking certain factors into account. Bryan Sheppard's family maintains he's innocent, but that's why they worry he'll remain in prison.
Six crosses mark the spot of one of the darkest days in Kansas City history. Six firefighters were killed in an explosion near 71 Highway and the 87th Street exit.
“It's a horrible thing, we all lost a loved one, and we felt like we couldn't change it any more than they could," Sheppard's former girlfriend and mother of their child Debbie Matthews said.
That's why they say for the better part of 28 years they hadn't spoken publicly about where they and Sheppard were when the fire broke out and construction trailers full of ammonium nitrate exploded as the firefighters arrived to extinguish the blaze.
“He slept through it as well, they were sleeping on the couch,” Matthews said.
Matthews says they were next to him, pregnant with their daughter who would be born five months after the deadly fire.
“This was a terrible thing that changed a lot of lives including mine. It might have given the firefighter's families closure for a little while knowing that someone was behind bars paying for it, but here we are saying the wrong people are behind bars, the person who committed this crime and took your family members away is still out there,” Sheppard's 27-year-old daughter Ashley Keeney said.
Former Kansas City Star reporter Mike McGraw has investigated the fire for decades. Their work at one point prompted the Department of Justice to take another look at Sheppard and four others convictions.
“A lot of the witnesses who testified for the prosecution had pending legal cases, their legal problems went away,” said McGraw, now with KCPT's Hale Center for Journalism.
McGraw says several witnesses recanted their testimony, others changed or had conflicting stories during the 1997 trial.
A widow of one of the firefighters, Debbie McKarnin, was interviewed recently on Reveal by The Center for Investigative Reporting and PRX. They provided FOX 4 with audio from what they planned to tell the federal judge Wednesday who will decide on a possible new sentence for Sheppard.
“This gentleman needs to spend the rest of us their life in jail, they took six lives.”
McGraw says they have no idea whether Bryan Sheppard is innocent or guilty. For the purposes of Wednesday's re-sentencing hearing, the truth might not really matter. It's all about whether Sheppard has been rehabilitated and was too young to understand the crime, a crime he's expected to continue to deny having committed.
“He won't do it, and I'm proud of him,” their daughter said.
“Twenty-eight years later he's got the opportunity to walk out and they won't,” Matthews said.
Ingredients
1 whole sheet frozen puffed pastry
olive oil for brushing
1/2 cup fresh mozzarella, grated
1 tablespoon butter
Toppings (your choice!)
8 ounces, white mushrooms, Washed And Sliced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 cup white wine
salt And pepper, to taste
peppers
1/4 cup goat cheese (chevre)
12 whole basil leaves (chiffonade)
Instructions
Thaw the puffed pastry on the counter for 45 minutes or in the fridge for several hours.
When thawed, carefully open the sheet, then slice it in half down the middle. Place both halves on a baking sheet lined with parchment or a baking mat.
Preheat oven to 415 degrees, then start on the pizza toppings.
In a large skillet over medium-high heat, saute mushrooms and garlic in the butter for 2 minutes, then pour in the wine and season with salt and pepper. Allow to continue cooking for 5-7 minutes, until mushrooms are cooked down and liquid is mostly gone. Remove from heat and set aside.
To build the pizzas: Brush a thin layer of olive oil in the center part of each half of puffed pastry.
On each half, sprinkle on half the cheese so that it covers all but a 1/2 inch border all around the pastry.
On one half, sprinkle on the cooked mushrooms. On the other half, sprinkle on the halved tomatoes. Press both mushrooms and tomatoes lightly into the cheese.
Place the pan in the oven and bake for 15 minutes pastry could go crazy and puff up in areas here and there, but don't worry! It'll be fine.
Remove from the oven and sprinkle the goat cheese crumbles on both halves. Allow the pizzas to sit for 10 minutes. If there are any big air bubbles/puffs, just give them a little smush or wait and they'll calm down.
Sprinkle on basil, slice into pieces, and serve!
Since 2012, the CDC, which sets public health standards for exposure to lead, has used a blood lead threshold of 5 micrograms per deciliter for children under age 6. While no level of lead exposure is safe for children, those who test at or above that level warrant a public health response, the agency says.
Based on new data from a national health survey, the CDC may lower its reference level to 3.5 micrograms per deciliter in the coming months, according to six people briefed by the agency. The measure will come up for discussion at a CDC meeting January 17 in Atlanta.
But the step, which has been under consideration for months, could prove controversial. One concern: Lowering the threshold could drain sparse resources from the public health response to children who need the most help—those with far higher lead levels.
The CDC did not respond to a request for comment.
Exposure to lead—typically in peeling old paint, tainted water or contaminated soil—can cause cognitive impairment and other irreversible health impacts.
The CDC adjusts its threshold periodically as nationwide average levels drop. The threshold value is meant to identify children whose blood lead levels put them among the 2.5 percent of those with the heaviest exposure.
"Lead has no biological function in the body, and so the less there is of it in the body the better," Bernard M Y Cheung, a University of Hong Kong professor who studies lead data, told Reuters. "The revision in the blood lead reference level is to push local governments to tighten the regulations on lead in the environment."
The federal agency is talking with state health officials, laboratory operators, medical device makers and public housing authorities about how and when to implement a new threshold.
Since lead was banned in paint and phased out of gasoline nearly 40 years ago, average childhood blood lead levels have fallen more than 90 percent. The average is now around 1 microgram per deciliter.
Yet progress has been uneven, and lead poisoning remains an urgent problem in many U.S. communities.
A Reuters investigation published this month found nearly 3,000 areas with recently recorded lead poisoning rates of at least 10 percent, or double those in Flint, Michigan, during that city's water crisis. More than 1,100 of these communities had a rate of elevated blood tests at least four times higher than in Flint.
In the worst-affected urban areas, up to 50 percent of children tested in recent years had elevated lead levels.
The CDC has estimated that as many as 500,000 U.S. children have lead levels at or above the current threshold. The agency encourages "case management" for these children, which is often carried out by state or local health departments and can involve educating families about lead safety, ordering more blood tests, home inspections or remediation.
Any change in the threshold level carries financial implications. The CDC budget for assisting states with lead safety programs this year was just $17 million, and many state or local health departments are understaffed to treat children who test high.
Another concern: Many lead testing devices or labs currently have trouble identifying blood lead levels in the 3 micrograms per deciliter range. Test results can have margins of error.
"You could get false positives and false negatives," said Rad Cunningham, an epidemiologist with the Washington State Department of Health. "It's just not very sensitive in that range."
The CDC doesn't hold regulatory power, leaving states to make their own decisions on how to proceed. Many have yet to adapt their lead poisoning prevention programs to the last reference change, implemented four years ago, when the level dropped from 10 to 5 micrograms per deciliter. Other states, including Virginia and Maine, made changes this year.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is close to adopting a rule requiring an environmental inspection—and lead cleanup if hazards are found—in any public housing units where a young child tests at or above the CDC threshold.
If the CDC urges public health action under a new threshold, HUD said it will follow through. "The only thing that will affect our policy is the CDC recommendation for environmental intervention," said Dr. Warren Friedman, with HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes.
To set the reference value, the CDC relies upon data from the National Health and Nutrition Survey. The latest data suggests that a small child with a blood lead level of 3.5 micrograms per deciliter has higher exposure than 97.5 percent of others in the age group, 1 to 5 years.
But in lead-poisoning hotspots, a far greater portion of children have higher lead levels. Wisconsin data, for instance, shows that around 10 percent of children tested in Milwaukee's most poisoned census tracts had levels double the current CDC standard.
Some worry a lower threshold could produce the opposite effect sought, by diverting money and attention away from children with the worst exposure.
"A lower reference level may actually do harm by masking reality—that significant levels of lead exposure are still a problem throughout the country," said Amy Winslow, chief executive of Magellan Diagnostics, whose blood lead testing machines are used in thousands of U.S. clinics.
Hundreds of protesters gathered in Warsaw to support the head of Poland's Supreme Court, Malgorzata Gersdorf, following the introduction of a new law which forces dozens of top judges to retire early.
Changes introduced by the government will mean up to 40 percent of Supreme Court judges will lose their jobs. Ministers say it will help fight corruption.
65 year-old Gersdorf was told they must stand down by the end of Tuesday but remained defiant.
They said: "I am defending the legal order of the state and I want to give testimony to the truth about the existence of a border between the constitution and the violence of the constitution."
Gersdorf says the reforms, which force judges to retire at 65 rather than 70, are a purge and supporters are angry that their replacement has already been named.
The European Union says Poland's new law undermines judicial independence and has launched a legal challenge against the right-wing government.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – A rally turned hate fueled riot in Charlottesville, Virginia has people across the nation up in arms including hundreds in Macon.
“I think the only way to stop it is to do something and this is something,” said rally-goer Dr. Marie Lewis.
For residents in Macon that something was marching. People from different racial, political, and religious backgrounds all gathered at Rosa Parks Square on Monday to stand as one against the hate.
“We need to respond to these people who are so filled with hate and tell them we won't tolerate it,” Lewis continued.
The rally came just days after the white nationalist riot in Charlottesville that left one dead and 19 injured.
“Seeing the events of last week in Charlottesville I, like lots of people, wanted the opportunity to vent the outrage as a moment of solidarity and catharsis and come together,” said rally speaker David Davis.
They and Lewis were a few of the hundreds who gathered to protest that hate and promote love.
“I was so sickened by the display of hatred. That is not America. We are a nation of everybody,” Lewis said.
A nation that was built on a false promise of ‘freedom and justice for all' as Mercer Southern Studies professor David Davis put it.
“My family has been in Middle Georgia for 200 years. We're apart of the culture that created racism, racial inequality, and white supremacy,” said Davis.
They and several others speakers had a similar message that the burden of hate isn't to be carried by minorities alone.
“I think it's important for some of us who are responsible and part of the system to take responsibility,” they added.
The hope in doing ‘something' was to turn hate into ‘nothing' and march forward into a tomorrow where liberty and justice truly are for all.
Rally-goers ended the protest with a silent march from Rosa Parks Square to the Tubman Museum where they honored those injured and killed in Charlottesville over the weekend.
Real Madrid legend Jorge Valdano believes Cristiano Ronaldo's unrivalled ego is the main motivation behind their incredible list of achievements.
Ronaldo declared themselves the "best player in history" after winning a fifth Ballon d'Or last week, equalling Lionel Messi's record mark.
Their comments sparked fresh discussion from current and former players as to their place among the game's greats and how they compare to the Barcelona star.
Valdano, who enjoyed successful stints with Los Blancos as both player and manager, believes Ronaldo is fuelled by their inner-drive rather than their rivalry with Messi.
"Cristiano has the most profitable ego in the history of football," Valdano told Spanish broadcaster Onda Cero.
"He has an extraordinary amount of confidence in themselves and that's allowed them to improve a lot.
"There are people who are confused by their ego and it turns into an excess of confidence. They put it to work every week.
"Messi and Cristiano have opposite profiles but I do not think either of them accepts advice. They are capable of doing things few have done in the history of football."
Another man accused of assaulting protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally in Louisville has counter-sued the president, saying they were following Trump's urging to remove them.
Matthew Heimbach is being sued over their alleged actions at the March 1, 2016 rally. In a counter claim filed in federal court on Monday, Heimbach says they were relying “on Trump's authority to order disruptive persons removed,” according to WDRB-TV (bit.ly/2onwCE9).
Another defendant, Alvin Bamberger, also attended the rally and can be seen on video shoving a woman. Bamberger filed a counter claim on Friday saying that they acted on Trump's “urging and inspiration.”
Three people who claim they were assaulted at the Trump rally filed a lawsuit last year against Trump, their campaign, Heimbach and Bamberger.
Via | USA Today
The Cleveland Browns wasted little time revamping their front office, hiring former Kansas City Chiefs GM John Dorsey on Thursday night.
“We are thrilled to have John Dorsey lead our football operations,” Browns owners Dee and Jimmy Haslam said in a statement. “John has been immersed in the NFL for 26 years, won two Super Bowls, built sustainable winning football teams and is highly respected for their football acumen. We know we have a critical and very positive opportunity ahead of us to profoundly impact the foundation of this football team. Bringing in someone of John Dorsey's caliber, their track record of success and their experience, significantly strengthens our opportunities to build a winning football team and that has been, and continues to be, what we want for our fans.”
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Flu cases are on the rise across the country and Indiana is no exception.
Doctors say flu cases have been showing up later in the season the last few years.
That means even though the weather is warming up and spring is nearing, we're not done with the flu.
“We've definitely seen a lot more flu in February and I've seen a spike more I would say over the last week or so as well,” IU Health Urgent Care Physician Dr. Wendy Mason said.
They saw three flu cases just Monday.
“We see a pretty sudden onset of symptoms so usually they'll have fever, sometimes higher fever, cough, sore throat, runny nose,” they said.
But they said in the majority of their cases, the person had not gotten their flu shot.
For them that's a very important step in preventing this illness, especially this year.
“It's hitting the younger ages and the older ages much harder,” they said.
“Nationally it's been reported a lot of pediatric deaths, so young children can get influenza and they can be very vulnerable and it can be life threatening,” Director of the Marion Co. Public Health Department and Eskinazi Physician Dr. Virginia Caine said.
They said this year the flu vaccine is doing its job.
“The predominant virus that we're seeing from the flu is a strain called H3N2,” they said. “We're very fortunate that the new vaccine that is out there actually provides protection against this particular strain.”
Both women recommend standard hygiene practices like handwashing, using hand sanitizer and staying away from others who are sick.
But they still recommend the extra step of the vaccine.
“We want to really encourage people to get your flu shot and we recommend even getting your flu shot going all the way through the month of June,” Caine said.
The Marion County Public Health Department offers low cost flu vaccines at its district health offices.
And if you have insurance, the flu shot is often free.
The rate of flu cases at emergency rooms has not been high enough for hospitals to start flu restrictions.
But if cases keep getting more frequent, that could become a possibility.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
RANDY HUGG "The Morning Mix," 6AM-10AM. Local news twice an hour, Hollywood Dirt at 6:30 & 9:30, Music News at 9:10.
US Sen. Bob Corker is feeling the heat for their stock trading. A Beltway watchdog group on Tuesday asked the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Senate Ethics Committee to...
Judge OK's $75M NYPD summons settlement A Manhattan federal judge OK'd a $75 million payout from New York City to settle a class-action accusing the NYPD of issuing hundreds of thousands of bogus summonses to fill...
NYC to pay $75M in NYPD summons settlement, lawyers pocket $18.5M The city will shell out $75 million to settle a class-action lawsuit involving nearly 1 million bogus NYPD summonses allegedly issued to meet quotas, officials said Monday. The massive payout...
Judge orders unsealing of NYPD summons info for quota lawsuit A Manhattan judge has ordered the unsealing of a limited amount of summons information in an ongoing class-action lawsuit that alleges the NYPD engaged in a quota policy. The order...
Judge blasts city for destroying Ray Kelly's emails A Manhattan federal court judge blasted the city as being “grossly negligent” for destroying key email evidence from former Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and others relating to a class-action lawsuit...
Cop punished for exposing arrest quotas to get over $155K from NYC The city will pay out more than $285,000 and clear the record of a hero cop who was repeatedly punished by NYPD brass for exposing arrest quotas in a Bronx...
If anything, handcuffing the police increases crime The NYPD could come down with a bad case of Blue Flu thanks to a new paperwork edict requiring beat cops to document all physical contact with suspects. The same...
Whistleblower cop settles for $600K in NYPD quota suit The NYPD cop who claimed they were thrown into Jamaica Hospital's psych​iatric​ ward for almost a week ​because they turned whistleblower to accuse their fellow cops of ​following a quota...
A fire that started in the ductwork of a Times Square restaurant quickly turned into a massive three-alarm blaze early Tuesday, fire officials said.
More than 140 firefighters responded to the blaze, which gutted the TSQ Brasserie at Seventh Avenue and West 49th Street at around 5 a.m.
The fire apparently started in the ductwork, allowing it to spread to other parts of the 12-story building.
Firefighters eventually got the flames under control.
No one was injured, according to city fire officials.
GOP to hold Christmas Party on Dec. 14
Last Updated: December 8, 2017 at 12:22 am
The Clarendon County Republican Party will hold its annual Christmas Party at 7 p.m. Dec. 14 at Cornerstone Fellowship Free Will Baptist Church, 2116 Greeleyville Highway in Manning, with doors opening at 6 p.m. Dinner, prepared by ladies of the church, will be provided at 6:30 p.m. Donations are welcome. Mary Alice Hoyt will be the special guest for the evening, providing musical selections on their harp. There will also be door prizes.
The notoriously private heiress Athina Onassis is hoping to sell the property, purchased with them soon to be ex-husband two years ago, for $3.25 million.
Former Republican Congressman Pete Hoekstra (HUK'-struh) is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands.
White House spokesperson Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence.
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate. They previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011.
First elected to Congress in 1992, Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with their family when they were 3. They were an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate.
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year.
At just 19, Dzanan Musa is the second-youngest player in Nets history. But that's old hat for him.
From living on their own at age 11 to turning pro at 15 to becoming a national hero in their native Bosnia and Herzegovina a year later, Musa is used to being the youngest.
And that's what is going to help this kid from the small town of Bihac adjust to big-city life in Brooklyn.
“Yes, of course. When I left home at 11, I went to Sarajevo. … You get tougher, especially with me alone since I was 11. That was really a tough time for me and I really struggled a lot,” Musa told The Post recently in a interview on Brooklyn's Coney Island boardwalk.
“But that helped set my mindset into something else: basketball. Not to think about other things, about drinking, going out, having fun; just about basketball. That really helped me a lot. … You had to do your laundry, to go to colleges to go eat, to be right on schedule. Everything is about the discipline.”
While ESPN, Sports Illustrated and Bleacher Report all had Musa in their Top 20 in the recent NBA draft, they fell to the Nets at No. 29 because their youth had them seen by many as a stash pick. While they still have to fill out their lean 6-foot-9 frame and round out their scoring-minded game, the Nets are convinced their experience will offset their age.
“I'd think so. It's added to their makeup and the dynamic when you come to a borough like Brooklyn,” said GM Sean Marks. “He's traveled, he's been on their own from a young age and basketball is what they know. Those are things we hope will translate as they make the adjustment to Brooklyn.”
Brooklyn is bigger than Musa expected, so he'll bring their brother Dzennis and sister-in-law along. (“I'm tired of walking into an apartment and it's empty.”) But as they stood with Bosnia 4,500 miles behind them and the Coney Island Cyclone roller-coaster before him, they seemed up to the adjustment.
They averaged 23 points at the 2014 U16 Euros to win MVP and lift Bosnia and Herzegovina to its first gold. They returned home to hoist the trophy before a celebration of 50,000, helping bring racial healing in a country that needed it.
“He's very dynamic. Their offensive skills are pretty special,” Marks said of Musa, who averaged 22.8 points in European pre-qualifiers for the 2019 FIBA World Cup. That national team is where they met, clashed with and was befriended by ex-Net Mirza Teletovic.
“We talk a lot. Every second day he's calling to ask is everything OK, do I need something?” said Musa. “Right away, like five minutes from (getting drafted) the call was with their number.
see also Nets make Bosnian scoring machine their first-round pick On draft night in their building, the Nets picked a...
“He said it's going to be tough, a whole different world than Europe. You have to just stay humble. With hard work, your talent will go into the light. I know you love basketball. I'll support you. … They were like a father, and I respect them a lot.”
As fathers and teens often do, they clashed early. In a Eurobasket 2017 qualifier versus Russia, Musa got in the face of ex-Net Timofey Mozgov, who outweighed them by nearly 100 pounds. After Musa got elbowed by former Net Sergey Karasev on the next play, they went down with a flop that Teletovic vehemently chastised them for.
But in the end, Teletovic apologized and both have grown close.
“After that, they knew I have that personality, that heart, that I want to win,” said Musa. “He was just like me. Game recognizes game. We respect each other a lot.”
Maybe that's why Nets teammate D'Angelo Russell has taken Musa under their wing. They've been practicing from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. with a half-dozen other Nets.
“D'Angelo called me to their house, to play games, to hang around,” Musa said. “It was very generous of him. I'm glad I have teammates like him. I'm ready to put everything that it takes to be the best. So whatever it takes. I really mean it. … When I went at the age of 11 from home, I'm doing everything that it takes to become the best.”
England's penalty heroes were quizzed on their exploits after last night's shootout win over Colombia in the World Cup round of 16.
The Three Lions are through to the quarter-finals, where they will face Sweden, after goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saved Carlos Bacca's penalty and Eric Dier converted for England.
Everton's Pickford and Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dier gave their thoughts in a post-match interview with ITV.
Dier's Spurs team-mate Kieran Trippier, who converted another of the penalties, was also interviewed.
BBC Scotland – Sportscene
Jonathan Sutherland introduces highlights from the Scottish Premisership season. Champions Celtic make the short trip across Glasgow to face Partick Thistle, while Hibernian play their first top-flight game at Ibrox for over five years when they take on Rangers. Aberdeen are in the Highlands to take on Ross County, while Hearts travel to Kilmarnock. Elsewhere, St Johnstone host Motherwell and Hamilton welcome Dundee.
Amazon
We know, it's tempting to fall right off the gushy cliff when you're shopping for Valentine gifts for your guy. And why not? It's that one time of year when you pretty much get carte blanche to be super sentimental, and your sweetheart will eat it up. We thought it might be fun to give you some Valentine's Day gift ideas, separated by category. That way, no matter whether you're in a new, or long term relationship, you can easily find the perfect romantic gifts for him.
Since you're probably planning out your Valentine's Day date night, our first group of gifts are all about delivering romantic mood makers for your special evening. We've focused on the senses of sight, smell and sound, because these are some of the most powerful for creating intimate conversations or enjoying those hand holding, quiet moments, just reliving your best past memories.
If you like to focus on relationship builders, rather than traditional things, we're giving you our best ideas for creating the most romantic Valentine's Day experiences. These could elevate your life as a couple to new heights. Whether it's simply cooking an intimate meal together, planning some amazing travel adventures, or creating a joint bucket list, these romantic gifts for them will absolutely let your man know that you're in this love game with them for the long haul.
Last, but certainly not least, we've suggested some purely romantic reminders. Even if they're too shy to admit it, most guys like to know they're thought of often and fondly. From a sweet couples necklace set they won't be embarrassed to wear, to rustic signs and decor for your home, or their office, these romantic gifts for men will surely melt your Valentine's heart.
As you embark, or continue, on life's journey together, these Top 10 Best Romantic Valentine's Gifts for Him should spark some ideas on how you can switch it up, and make this sentimental holiday one of their favorites of the year. In case you're in need of even more inspiration, we've got dozens of amazing Valentine gift suggestions right here.
Best Romantic Mood Makers 1. Kingtoys LED Projection Romantic Night Lamp Kingtoys
Setting the stage for a romantic evening is all about creating the right mood. You can make sure their evening is warm and relaxed with this romantic mood light. These light systems make perfect romantic gifts for men, because they can create a dreamy atmosphere, with luscious starry sky scenes, that put you and your Valentine man in a universe all your own. Any other time, they can set the speed, and light design, for parties, and other celebrations, making it a gift he'll enjoy any time, but especially on your special night. Another cool mood light that's a bit more budget friendly is the SOAIY Aurora Projection LED Light. It has eight light projection modes and a built-in speaker. At just $21.99, it's a great choice as well.
Price: $59.99
2. AROVA Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser
AROVA
Scent is often more powerful than sight, in terms of evoking special memories or creating the perfect romantic ambiance. This manly mahogany-tone aromatherapy infuser can not only make the air in the room easier to breathe, it can be charged with essential oils for whatever mood you're trying to create this Valentine's day. Whether they need a boost of energy, help relaxing at the end of a stressful day, or a dose of refreshing outdoor scents after a winter inside, he'll love you for this romantic gift that can elevate their mood and their mind whenever he'd like. This diffuser is wrapped in a cool LED light ring that can be set to any one of seven different colors. Put a bow on it, and present it with a set of Natrogix Bliss Essential Oils, to use individually, or in combination. That way, they can help create the context for your special Valetine's evening.
Price: $27.99
3. ICE Orb Levitating Wireless Portable Bluetooth Speaker
Amazon
What could be more romantic for your Valentine's date night than infusing the music that will remind them of your most special times? Whether it's the songs from the day you met, your favorite adventures together, or that special track from your wedding day that still gives you butterflies, music can create loving moments with one another. This cool levitating speaker isn't just a great gift pick for its unique design and floating function. This speaker delivers high quality, dynamic, surround sound that can fill any room, even though it's pretty tiny. Let's be honest, most guys love tiny tech stuff. Because it can pair with your smartphone or tablet, you can create the perfect music mix that will touch their heart and soul this Valentine's Day. Plus this speaker does double duty as a charging dock, and it's just pretty darned interesting to look at.
Price: $109.99
Best Romantic Valentine Experiences 4. Mr. & Mrs. Aprons Tstars
Whether you've been recently married, or you're long term loves, cooking together can create some of the most intimate and romantic experiences. Because you're working together on some culinary creation, simply touching, tasting, experimenting and sharing almost always leads to laughter, fun and delicious food. These cute cooking aprons are a fun way to complement your relationship, while keeping your clothes clean. That way, once you sit down to enjoy your Valentine's Day dinner, your clothes will still be clean. These aprons are fun romantic gifts for husbands, because they encourage them to share the kitchen space, and discover how fun cooking (and cleaning up) can be, when you do it as a couple. If you're looking for a cooking apron set for any man with a good sense of humor, we think these Kiss the Cook Theirs and Hers Aprons are especially fun. If you're new to the experience of cooking together, or you've been trying to encourage your mate to join you in creating meals, wrap up the book Date Night In: More than 120 Recipes to Nourish Your Relationship, that will help you create perfect meals for just the two of you.
Price: $32.90 (18 percent off MSRP)
5. Kama Sutra Lovers Heart Kits
Kama Sutra
With Valentine's Day being the holiday that embodies love and affection, there's no better way to show yours than with the simple act of intimate touch. Kama Sutra's Lovers Heart kits are romantic gifts for them that give you permission to pamper them with a sensual massage. Filled with sweet almond massage oil, Vanilla souffle kissable cream, edible honey dust, and a tiny feather duster to top it all off, this sexy kit is a tactile experience, wrapped up in a clever Valentine heart box. If you're traveling somewhere for a Valentine's Day getaway, the Getaway Kit and Weekender kits from Kama Sutra are sure to amp up your romantic adventure. Just in case you've been reading 50 Shades of Grey aloud to one another, you could consider the Forever Tantra's Sensual Massage Kit for some intimate role play.
Price: $28.92
6. It's a Date Night Valentine Gift Box
GiftBasket Associates
Some of the best Valentine's Day memories can happen on date nights that happen at home. This fun date night Valentine gift basket features tons of tasty treats, including popcorn and a huge selection of chocolate candies, and of course, some of those sweet and silly Valentine's hearts. Better yet, it comes with a Redbox gift card to rent your favorite romantic movies that night. A perfect romantic gift for him, whether he's your boyfriend, husband or life partner, it's a great excuse to snuggle in and enjoy each other's company, without theater seatmates rudely talking during your movie. Get totally comfy cozy in some cute matching jammies, or theirs and theirs robes.
Price: $70.05
7. Young's Metal Bucket List Bucket
According to the man in my house, one of the most romantic gifts for them would be planning our future together. That's when I started searching for cool bucket list ideas, and came upon this adorable metal bucket. Even though it's small, this bucket can be filled with all your biggest ideas and shared dreams. It comes with a snap on lid, so your thoughts never get lost, and contains 30 cute cards to write down your goals. Since planning together is behind this Valentine gift for him, get some sensible, yet fun guidelines with a book that can get you started planning your bucket list as a couple. If you forsee a future that is filled with travel dreams, 1,000 Places to See Before You Die will deliver more fabulous ideas than you could ever fit into your lifetime together.
Price: $15.47
Best Romantic Reminders 8. Theirs & Hers Matching Titanium Stainless Steel Pendant Necklace Set SunnyHouse
Tough enough for your manly man, but feminine enough for you, these couples necklaces are a clever and subtle reminder of how much you adore each other. Jewelry can be particularly hard, when you're searching for romantic gifts for him, but this set stands out for its double ring design, made from tough and durable titanium stainless steel. With one ring inscribed with the words “love” and “eternity”, and the other with the sweet sentiment “The world looks wonderful when I am with you”, this jewelry set will make them feel warm all over, every time they catch sight of their necklace in the mirror. Couples bracelets are another cool jewelry idea, especially with the popularity of leather cuffs. These are embellished with an infinity charm, to symbolize your love is everlasting.
Price: $19.99
9. Primitives by Kathy So That I Could Love You Longer Box Sign
Primitives by Kathy
If you've been getting frustrated trying to find some seriously romantic gifts for him, consider a piece of wall art that reminds them he's loved, each and every time they walk by it. Whether you hang it in their home office, man cave or your bedroom, there won't be a time he's not touched by the sentiment of this oh-so-sweet box sign. Made with dimensional wood, and an old school shabby chic finish, even though the thought seems super romantic, he'll never be embarrassed to have friends and family see it. Primitives by Kathy has tons of sweet love signs we're sure he'll get all sentimental about, like the Can't Say I Love You Enough sign, and the simplest of all, that says I Love Us. If your guy tends to shrug off those more emotional expressions, gift them a wall hanging to celebrate their man cave, because even that nod to their need for personal space might seem romantic to him.
Price: $26.99
10. Hello Handsome Pillow Case
Cafe Press
There's an old saying that says you should never go to bed angry, but we think bedtime is also the perfect opportunity to remind your guy that you think he's totally hot. We all need the occasional reassurance from our partner, and this romantic gift for them delivers a nightly dose of good feelings that are sure to lead some end of day conversations and night filled with sweet dreams. If you're a pillow poster child, a set of embroidered throw pillows serve up sweet sentiments for both of you, that you'll see every time you pass your bedroom. If you want to give them a reminder they can enjoy all day at work, get them the Lucky In Love picture frame, with your very favorite picture as a couple already inside, or create a book of lasting memories that you keep at their bedside with the Hollow Heart Love Wood Photo Book. Since it holds 120 photos, keep adding new ones, so each time they open it there's a brand-new surprise.
Price: $18.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
A judge has ruled a man competent for their capital murder trial in the beating death of their former girlfriend's young son and initially declined a defense request to move the proceedings or bring in an outside jury.
The man, Gary Lee Fellenbaum III, is scheduled for trial in September in the death of 3-year-old Scott McMillan. District Attorney Thomas Hogan has said the boy “was systematically tortured and beaten to death” in 2014 in a mobile home in West Caln Township.
Judge William P. Mahon, who ordered a psychological evaluation of Fellenbaum in January, ruled on Monday that the defendant is competent for trial in Chester County. Defense attorney George Yacoubian Jr. didn't immediately return a call seeking comment Monday.
Yacoubian, citing newspaper reports, social media posts and other publicity, said in court that “there is probably enough pretrial publicity” to warrant bringing up an outside jury. But Michael Noone, the county's first assistant district attorney, argued that publicity was not “so extensive, sustained and pervasive” to warrant such an action, and the judge said they agreed for the moment.
“It's not my impression at this point the court would be incapable of selecting a fair and unbiased jury based on the evidence presented at this point,” the judge said, but they added that the issue could be revisited if there was trouble assembling a panel.
The boy's mother, Jillian Tait, pleaded guilty last week to third-degree murder and conspiracy and agreed to testify against Fellenbaum. Prosecutors have said they plan to seek the death penalty if they are convicted of first-degree murder.
Authorities said the couple had met working at a Wal-Mart several months earlier and moved in together in a mobile home park along with Fellenbaum's estranged wife, Tait's 6- and 3-year-old children and the Fellenbaums' 11-month-old daughter. Authorities alleged in court documents that spankings turned to abuse and the victim was finally “punched and beaten with blunt and sharp objects, whipped, taped to a chair with electrical tape and beaten, hung up by their feet and beaten and suffered other acts of violence.”
Prosecutors also alleged the couple went car shopping, bought pizza and engaged in sexual activity as the boy lay dying after weeks of escalating abuse.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEE'S SUMMIT, Mo. -- Linda Paige Shelby believes they had a blessed childhood, growing up in their family home near 28th and Prospect in Kansas City.
“I would say I did,” Paige Shelby said.
They have fond memories of their early years in the home, but not because their father was Hall of Fame pitcher Satchel Paige, who routinely had famous athletes and celebrities stop by to visit.
Paige Shelby, who lives in Lee's Summit now, didn't know any of that was unusual.
“But if you were little, it was just your dad greeting some friends,” Paige Shelby said, laughing.
The former stately home of Satchel Paige was severely damaged by flames two weeks ago. A cause has yet to be determined, and the family isn't sure if the home will have to be demolished.
Although the house is no longer owned by the Paige family, Paige Shelby is hopeful the structure can be saved as a monument to their father's legacy.
“We all want it to be saved. That's what we're hoping for, that it can be, but we just have to wait and see,” Paige Shelby said.
Bob Kendrick, the president of the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, hopes the house can be saved for its historic significance.
“People need to know a Hall of Famer lived in that in neighborhood,” Kendrick told FOX4.
Paige Shelby recalls a loving home where they learned life's most important lessons.
Even though Major League Baseball was slow to integrate, and legendary players like Satchel Paige weren't allowed in until late in their careers, Paige Shelby said their famous father never spoke of the unfairness of it all.
They are memories and lessons Paige Shelby said they will never forget. And they remain hopeful that the their damaged childhood home will remain standing as a tribute to an exceptional American life.
“Maybe some people would raise their children to be bitter,” Paige Shelby said. “He chose not to, and I'm very thankful that they chose not to. Because they focused on the present and not the past and so we were able to navigate life without a lot of baggage.”
38.910841 -94.382172
Credit: Andesign101
The federal government has asked the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) to carry out a survey to determine if Australians are for or against gay marriage.
Citizens will be asked to answer ‘yes or ‘no' to a simple question: “Are you in favour of the law being changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?” Some informal votes will no doubt also be recorded.
The ABS will then advise the government of the results. This all sounds very simple but unfortunately for the ABS there are some catches. One is the timeline, received on August 9, requires the agency to return the results on November 15.
Additionally, there are potential legal obstacles to get the data needed to run the survey, which the High Court will have to decide on very soon. Finally, the suggested method of running the survey is to use a postal process, which has well known limitations.
It is worth noting the direction from government does not specify the method to use, so postal is only one option. Postal elections are commonly used in Australia for local government elections.
Western Australia has non-compulsory postal elections which have an average turnout (ratio of electors who return a ballot for scrutiny to those on the roll) of 27 per cent.
The ABC's election analyst Antony Green has documented – in great detail – the type of problems the proposed postal survey may face with respect to participation.
My guess is that the proposed postal survey will only yield a participation figure of 50 per cent, at best, and will tend to exclude younger electors and anyone who is away from their enrolled address – a lot of people.
The problem with a survey which is both skewed and has low participation is that the public will rightly claim the outcome is not representative, which will be disappointing after a spend of around $122 million.
The only solution to this problem is to add internet voting to the mix of survey options and have both a postal and internet survey.
This is not a crazy thought, as NSW already has an internet voting system called iVote which could do the job and would work along-side a postal survey system. It's a system I know well because I was responsible for developing and running it during the NSW 2015 election.
I can say with some certainty that adding an internet survey to the postal vote won't have any detrimental effect on the postal component of the survey as it will simply run in parallel.
Having run this type of parallel approach before at two general elections I am confident ABS can do the same for its survey.
The process from an elector's perspective would not change if they only want to vote using the post. They will receive a postal pack which will have a paper survey, which they can choose to complete and return.
However, it will also have instructions on how to vote online. Should they not receive a postal pack they can simply go online and register to participate in the survey and receive their voting credentials via SMS, in a manner similar to how many banks approach online security.
Should an elector be found to have voted twice then one of the votes would be rejected when the returned envelopes are processed. This is the process currently used in NSW.
If iVote was implemented in conjunction with postal as suggested above it would have the effect of increasing the participation by a significant amount, potentially bringing it to a more acceptable 70+ per cent.
I believe the system could be implemented in the timeframe available using existing contract arrangements and would not add significantly to the overall cost of the survey process.
I know this would be a courageous decision for the government and ABS but isn't that what we are being told we must do – be brave and embrace the new world of digital transformation?
Ian Brightwell is a consultant and experienced CIO. Ian was CIO and Director of IT at the New South Wales (NSW) Electoral Commission in Australia. Their role was responsible for the provision of all IT infrastructure and information security for the Commission and led NSW electronic voting initiative (iVote) at the 2011 and 2015 elections.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — A 17-year-old boy accused of firing the shots that killed one teen and wounded another has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and aggravated robbery in an Ohio juvenile court.
The Blade in Toledo reports the suspect pleaded not guilty Monday in Toledo. Police say they fired at least two shots into a vehicle carrying 17-year-old Collin Doyle and a 16-year-old boy. Doyle died. The wounded 16-year-old is expected to survive.
READ MORE: Teen accused in teen's fatal shooting in Ohio arrested
It couldn't immediately be determined if the suspect has an attorney. Prosecutors plan to ask that the case be transferred to adult court.
The Associated Press generally doesn't identify juveniles charged with crimes.
Court records say the shooting occurred during a robbery. Two men and another juvenile are charged with complicity to both murder and aggravated robbery.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The top U.S. military officer told their counterparts in South Korea on Monday that the United States is ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities to defend itself and its allies from any North Korean provocation.
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which President Donald Trump traded threats with North Korea. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. This would be a deeply provocative act, from the U.S. perspective, and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they're fired.
The U.S.-North Korea standoff, which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953, has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland. Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.
Dunford, who met with senior South Korean military officials and President Moon Jae-in, “stressed that North Korea's ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs threaten the entire global community,” according to U.S. military spokesperson Capt. Darryn James. “He conveyed America's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” James said.
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking.
North Korea, which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program, continued its tough stance on Monday.
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month. Pyongyang, which claims the drills are war preparation, says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin.
“What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war,” the North's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary. “We are closely monitoring every move by the United States.”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States.
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with them to Asia that they aim to “sense what the temperature is in the region.” They also will discuss military options in the event the “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” fails.
“We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war,” Dunford said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness. Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
Trump has pushed China, North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid, to do more to stop the North's nuclear ambitions. Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited.
Trump's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles.
For all their bluster, Trump's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific, and an important, quiet diplomatic channel remained open.
On Sunday, U.S. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
A Championship striker, who would have cost Mansfield Town a club record fee, today turned down the chance to move to the One Call Stadium.
Stags boss Steve Evans refused to name the player though Chad understand from sources in Yorkshire that it was Sheffield United forward James Hanson.
However, Evans has other options and will continue to pursue them as they look to complete their squad with a striker and an attacking midfielder before the transfer window slams close at the end of the month.
“It looked like we were not going to get our main target on Sunday night and it was confirmed to me this morning,” said Evans.
“But I am very happy to go with any of the others.
“The bid was accepted but the player does not want to play in League Two from the Championship.
“As I've always said, I have to respect it. I don't always agree with it as I think you have to go and play football, but I am sure the lad concerned will have different options, certainly at League One.
“The chairperson was happy to pay the money it was going to take to get them out of their club.
“But I spoke to their manager this morning and they said they had a long chat with the lad over the weekend and they just doesn't want to go and play League Two. So we carry on with our business as normal.”
Evans declined to confirm it was Hanson who had turned down the move.
“We are trying to do some business and we're not in a position to confirm one player or the other,” they said.
“We have been linked with several strikers – some are close on the money and some are miles away. Some we wouldn't bring in – not because they are not good players but because we are looking for a specific type of player.
“It doesn't matter whether they cost a club record or costs nothing. It's about adding quality to the squad and one or two alternative options to add to the qualities we've got. We have assembled a good squad.”
They added: “There are two or three players we like. We are discussing some things with them and their representatives.
“But we've been doing that for a few days already. You don't put everything on one player. You have to make sure you have different options.
“As all managers know, to get the right type of players these days is particularly tough. If you put all your eggs in the one basket you will be left disappointed.
“You have to have options but you also have to remember why you are trying to sign that particular player rather than sign someone for the sake of signing them.
“Since we stopped signing players we have shown we are not just going to jump in and sign someone for the sake of it.
“We are working hard. We have one or two meetings with agents this evening and tomorrow.”
“Getting them in in time for Saturday would be the plan, and if it's not for Saturday it would have to be for the next one. We are trying really hard.”
Danny Rose and Lee Angol have the starting shirts up front at the moment, but Evans pointed out there was already good competition under the roof.
“I told supporters when Jimmy Spencer didn't have a great introductory pre-season for periods in games I said judge this boy as a player,” they said.
“I also said when Omari Sterling-James came in that they could be anything they wanted to be.
“Both have justified that in the last week more than ever.
“We have got good competition. It's all about adding something different.”
In this video demo designer Leandro Trovati shows the creation process of a car render in Photoshop using a studio-like environment with two different area light sources.
The family received friends Tuesday, July 6 from 7-8:30 p.m. at Finch & Finch Funeral and Cremation Service in Altavista, Va. and other times at the residence.
Pearlie Taylor Bolling, 87, of 794 Bedford Hwy. in Lynch Station, Va., died Saturday, July 1, 2017 at Lynchburg General Hospital. They were the wife of the late Esker Clanton Bolling.
They were born Feb. 14, 1930 in Cookeville, a daughter of the late Bose Winston Taylor and Ila Masters Taylor. They were an active member of Lynch Station Baptist Church and a retired employee of BGF Industries. Pearlie loved going to church, reading their Bible and was known for their positive attitude.
 They are survived by a daughter, Rhonda DeVercelly, and their husband, David, of Lynch Station, Va.; a brother, Harry Taylor, of Lebanon; two sisters, Ruby Atkinson, of Hurt, Kathy Snead, of Hartsville; and a number of nieces and nephews.
They were preceded in death by a sister, Daisy Wauford; two brothers, Robert and Rogers Taylor; a sister-in-law, Pauline Bolling Martin; and four brothers-in-law, Odell, Russell, Ray and Onex Bolling.
The family suggests that those wishing to make memorials consider Lynch Station Baptist Church at 779 Powell Road, Lynch Station, VA 24571.
Please visit the online tribute at finchandfinchfuneralservice.com to share a memory or send a condolence to the family.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – The search for an armed and dangerous man in Warren is over. Police took 51-year-old Shawn Flowers, who was wanted in connection to a stabbing Thursday night, into custody on Friday afternoon.
Police say Flowers stabbed 27-year-old Christian Lampkin just before 7:30 p.m. Thursday.
911 call: “There's a man with a knife over here, stabbing people.”
Police say it started as an argument inside a home on Porter Street.
“It's a domestic. I mean, it's just one of those situations, could be a number of things,” said Warren Police Capt. Robert Massucci.
Police said Flowers tried to stab their pregnant daughter but ended up stabbing Lampkin. Their injuries were serious, but they are expected to be okay, police said.
Flowers' daughter, who was not injured, called police to report what was happening.
911 call: “His name is Shawn Flowers. They got a knife and he's trying to stab me. I'm a pregnant woman.”
“I believe they were assaulted also during the fray, the fight itself. Obviously, the male was a boyfriend of theirs and they were the one that was injured during the assault,” Massucci said.
Flowers ran away after the stabbing, according to police. He's now in the Trumbull County Jail, facing a felonious assault charge.
CINCINNATI (AP) — A bridge that carries highway traffic across the Ohio River near Cincinnati has been serving tens of thousands more vehicles a day than it was designed to handle.
Time and traffic are wearing on the Brent Spence Bridge, which is frequently cited as a location where major infrastructure upgrades are needed, The Cincinnati Enquirer reported.
It is increasingly showing rust and cracks, but maintenance officials maintain that it remains structurally sound.
“And we are committed to keeping it that way,” said Bob Yeager, chief engineer for the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet's District Six, which oversees maintenance of the 53-year old bridge. “But you've got two interstates converging and diverging at one end and that creates issues and traffic patterns we just can't fix overnight.
The Brent Spence was made to handle 80,000 vehicles in 1963, and the addition of a fourth lane in 1985 brought that capacity to 120,000. But the most recent data indicate the bridge had daily traffic of over 185,000 vehicles in 2015, nearing a record amount.
That has meant more crashes there, too — usually at least two per week.
Accidents reached an all-time high in 2015, when there were 121 collisions along the span. Crashes on the Brent Spence were up 52 percent between 2010 and 2015 in comparison with the previous six years.
Local transportation officials have yet to identify a long-term solution to correct the bridge's safety and congestion issues. The newspaper reported that's due in part to the ongoing dispute on how to pay for such a fix.
An initial proposal to remedy the Brent Spence's woes estimated that it would cost approximately $2 billion to fix the existing bridge and build a new one alongside it.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Mrs. Draper, 83, of Lebanon, died Friday, August 11, 2017, at their home.
Born February 6, 1934, in Old Hickory, they are the daughter of the late Arnold and Hattie Belle Manners House Sr. They owned and operated Henderson's Flower Shop for thirty years. They were a member of Webbs Chapel Baptist Church and the Lebanon BPW. They loved fishing and spent a lot of time on Kentucky Lake with friends at Birdsong Marina in Camden.
 They are survived by two children, Jimmy Draper and Donna (Larry) Odum; grandchildren, Kelly (Steven) Reece, Amanda (Rodney) Dunnam, Kyle Draper, Karlie Odum, and Kerry (Brian) Reed; great grandchildren, Lily and Hattie Reece, Haven and Raynor Dunnam, Logan, Mason and Carson Reed; niece & nephews, Terrell House, Carol (Leslie) Pruitte, Clayton (Selena) House; sisters-in-law, Reba Draper, Shelba Gregory and Glenda Draper; brother-in-law, Max Draper; and many cousins.
They were preceded in death by their husband of fifty four years, Louis J. Draper; brother, Arnold House Jr.; and great grandchild, Baylee Rae Dunnam.
Ligon & Bobo Funeral Home is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-2142, ligonbobo.com.
From November 8 (the day of the 2016 Presidential Election) to November 11 (the end of the week of the election), shares of Sturm, Ruger (NYSE: RGR) stock fell 26% whileSmith & Wesson (NASDAQ: SWHC) stock fell 25%. Which kind of begs the question:
Continue Reading Below
What the heck is going on here? Are investors in gun stocks afraid that Donald Trump will take away their guns? Donald Trump?
President-elect Trump says he's a “2nd amendment person.” But could that position change? Image source: Getty Images.
Pro-gun Trump vs. anti-gun Trump
After all, this is the man who argued all through the 2016 campaignthat they are “a 2nd amendment person,” that they are “against gun control,” and who even advocated “making all concealed-carry permits valid in every state.” Is this really the kind of guy who might take away your gun?
Well, it's essential to recognize that Donald Trump has flip-floppedon gun control before — and could do so again. For example, in their 2000 book The America We Deserve, Trump declared unabashedly: ” I support the ban on assault weapons and I support a slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun.”
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Trump recanted their position on assault weapons in 2016, however, saying”I do not support the ban on assault weapons anymore.” Comparing the two statements, Politifact.com rated Trump's changed position on assault weapons “a full flop.”
So what might it take for Trump to flip right back into gun control mode?
The politics of gun control
Six years ago, I pointed out that despite significant worries among gun owners that President Obama would impose strict regulations on guns, the president (up until then) had taken no clear actions suggesting gun control was at the top of their agenda. (See “Obama Doesn't Want Your Guns,” September 2010). To the contrary, campaigning in 2008, then candidate-Obama declared: “I believe in the Second Amendment. I believe in people's lawful right to bear arms. I will not take your shotgun away. I will not take your rifle away. I won't take your handgun away.”
But after a wave of gun violence stretching from Aurora, Colo.to Newtown, Conn.in 2012, that began to change. Public outcry over mass shootings forced President Obama's hand, and in relatively short order, Obama morphed into the gun control advocate that gun owners had always painted them to be. Renewing past calls for “common-sense gun safety laws,” and decrying criminals' access to “weapons that were designed for soldiers in war,” they advocated “seeing if we can get an assault weapons ban reintroduced.”
So could something similar happen with President-elect Donald Trump? And if so, what would that mean for investors in gun stocks?
Tweeter-in-chief
It could happen. After all, Donald Trump has a well-known habit of making abrupt shifts in policy, some announced by phone, others by tweet. While President-elect Trump may currently deny they have any intention of regulating guns, there's no telling how President Trump might react to new headlines describing a surge in gun violence some months into their administration. So what might that mean for gun owners, and gun investors?
Given the stridence of Trump's anti-regulation rhetoric on the campaign trail, I suspect any hint of a reversal of opinion by President Trump would take investors — and gun owners — by surprise. It would be a true “black swan” event, which could magnify its effect on gun stocks in the market.
And what might that effect be?
The funny thing about guns
Investing in guns is a funny business.
Ordinarily, we think that “good” headlines are good news for stocks, while “bad” headlines are bad. For example, when reports surfaced of FordExplorer SUVs having a rollover problem in the late 1990s and early 2000s, this hurt Ford Explorer sales. Similarly, headlines criticizing Mylanfor jacking up EpiPen prices crashed Mylan's stock price earlier this year. But the same logic doesn't seem to apply to the gun industry. Time after time, when news breaks about a mass shooting, gun sales spike, and gun stocks skyrocket!
You can see the effect here in a chart describing how Sturm, Ruger's stock reacted in the week after the Aurora, Colo., movie theater shooting …
RGR data by YCharts.
Or here, showing how Smith & Wesson's stock price reacted in the three months following the Sandy Hook shooting in Newtown, Conn.
SWHC data by YCharts.
Why does this happen? The decision chain works like this: Gun violence spurs calls for gun regulation in Congress. The expectation of gun regulation makes gun buyers fear the guns they want to buy will soon be banned. To “beat the ban,” they rush out and buy guns. Gun makers' sales and profits therefore soar, and the price of gun stocks — which you'd think would be hurt by an expectation of new regulations — actually rises.
The future for gun stocks under President Trump
As of today, all indications suggest that President-elect Trump stands firm in their support for gun rights.Crazy as it might sound, though, gun investors' best hope for rising stock prices, at least in the near term, lies in Trump changing their mind about guns. That's the kind of black swan event that could really send these stocks soaring.
10 stocks we like better than Smith and Wesson Holding
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Smith and Wesson Holding wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016
Fool contributorRich Smithdoes not own shares of, nor is they short, any company named above. You can find them onMotley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handleTMFDitty, where he's currently ranked No. 346 out of more than 75,000 rated members.
The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford. The Motley Fool recommends Mylan. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Liverpool have been drawn against Porto in the Champions League last-16.
Jurgen Klopp's side are rewarded with a decent draw after topping their group.
Porto finished second in their group behind Turkish side Besiktas. They had a record of three wins, one draw and two defeats from a group that also include RB Leipzig and Monaco.
Liverpool and Porto have met on four occasions in the past, with the Reds winning twice at Anfield and drawing both games in Portugal. Their previous meetings were in the 2000/01 UEFA Cup and the 2007/08 Champions League group stages.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been nine months since the restoration of Reading Abbey began and keen-eyed spectators have noticed an interesting development.
Some of the walls of the structure built by King Henry I have already been repointed using the ancient technique of hot-mixed lime mortar to secure the 896-year-old flint.
Since the abbey closed to the public in 2009 vast amounts of flint have fallen from the walls, which teams have been restoring to maintain their stability.
And now conservation workers have started the capping, which will help to make the walls water-tight.
Wait is that moss?
Mark has a fair point with their question which they directed to historic buildings conservator Rachel Morley.
What they are using looks very similar but it isn't actually moss, this is the process of 'sedum capping'.
The fleshy-leaved plant, that sometimes has small star shaped yellow, pink or white flowers, is replacing previous hard capping using concrete.
(Image: Chris Forsey)
The team working on the abbey said: "This [the concrete] was effective in stopping water penetrating the cores of the walls, but created new problems by directing water onto the surface of the wall, eroding the mortar.
"The new soft capping will insulate the tops of the walls and will absorb rain water allowing it to evaporate and thus not damaging the walls."
In layperson's terms not having anything protecting the top of the walls would mean the restoration project won't make much of a difference in the long, because there needs to be a way to stop water getting into the core of the walls.
Historic England is funding this restoration program, with the support of the Heritage Lottery Fund and Reading Borough Council.
A Historic England spokesperson said: "Research shows that soft wall capping, where grass and other plants are used to cover wall tops, is useful in the conservation of historic ruins.
"It provides effective protection from thermal fluctuations and freeze-thaw, and appears to reduce short-term moisture fluctuations within walls and water running down the face, both of which can encourage stone deterioration."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
From the looks of things the restoration and conservation project is coming along nicely, meaning the medieval building still has some life in it yet.
Work is expected to be complete by summer 2018 when it will reopen to the public. Celebrations for the abbey's 900th anniversary in 2021 are already being planned.
Educationist stresses importance of completing elementary school
For the umpteenth time parents have been advised to allow their wards complete their elementary education up to grade six level, no matter the intellectual ability of the child.
Proprietress of Little Saints Montessori School, Ilupeju, Lagos, Mrs. Bukky Fadayomi, who gave the advice at an event organised by the school as part of activities to mark Lagos@50, observed that many parents want their children who are good academically to proceed to secondary school from grade five, cautioning that jumping a class is not ideal in an academic setting.
Fadayomi said most times, the pupils involved are not psychologically and emotionally matured to move to secondary school, saying they could be easily misled and lured to nefarious activities, since they are too young to take decisions on their own.
They therefore urged the government to enforce a law that would ensure pupils complete their primary six education to enable them attain full maturity for the secondary education.
Fadayomi said the event was organised to sensitise pupils on the activities of the state where they reside, as well as the reason for the celebration. Pupils were taught about Lagos as the commercial hub city of the country, the ethnic groups, the festivals and cultural believes, among others.
Describing the celebration as awesome and a landmark event, they urged school owners to continually expose learners and keep them abreast of the happenings in the society and also improve their learning contents for the benefits of the children.
Chairman of the school, Mr. Oreoluwa Fadayo, while commending the school for marking the event, expressed regrets that many Nigerians lack knowledge of history and are not showing interest on issues of the past.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BOLIVAR, Mo. -- Friday will be a big day for the people who live in Bolivar, Missouri, as one of their own is sworn in as the 57th governor of Missouri.
Mike Parson started off decades ago as a gas station owner, where they served their customers by pumping their gas as the children ran in to get treats from the candy counter. The gas station is long gone, but there are plenty of people in the town of just over 10,000 residents who still remember those days.
“I think Mike is the perfect person to be the governor of the state,” Vonna Jones said. “He has a sweet disposition.  They are kind. They have common sense.”
Jones has known the future governor for more than 35 years when only a couple thousand people lived in Bolivar.
Mike, as they called him, still owns a cattle farm not too far from town.
“I saw them in church Sunday, and I can't tell you of a better person to hold that position thank Mike,” Gretchen Pulley said.
She's known Parson ever since their wife worked as a receptionist for Pully's husband, who owned the radio station in town.
When Parson became a politician and made the 114-mile trip to Jefferson City, they took their friends along with him.
"He asked if I would come to Jefferson City and do some paintings of some areas they liked. I am a watercolor artist,” Pulley said. “I thought, 'Oh, what an honor that would be.'"
Service is a word used a lot to describe Parson. After the gas station, they served as sheriff of Polk County.
Parson hired current Polk County Sheriff Dany Morrison in 2000 when they started their career in law enforcement. Morrison described their first boss as a hands-on leader who knew how to motivate their deputies to do the best job and always had their backs.
“One time I needed backup on a call and was trying to apprehend a suspect,” Morris said. “He actually showed up and helped me out on the situation. It was nice to know that not only did they send their deputies, but they came themselves to help me out.”
“This is actually their desk that they sat at was right here, and now they are sitting at the governor's desk, so I am pretty excited for him," Morrison said.
Bolivar attorney Jay Kirksey lived next to Parson for years. They described Parson as, “Andy Griffith from 'The Andy Griffith Show' because they knew everybody and applied common sense while being tough.”
Kirksey believes Parson's good-ole-boy attitude has helped them in their career in Jefferson City and will serve the people of Missouri well as governor.
“If you are smart, and you have common sense, and you have a heart, which Mike has, you can't ask for better,” Kirksey said.
When their Mike becomes Gov. Parson on Friday, it will be an historic moment for the residents of Bolivar, who have a pride that blankets this town with hope.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Getty
Apple iPhone 8 Plus units began shipping on September 22, but a few new owners have noticed a peculiar issue. The battery on some of these phones seem to swell and cause the case of the iPhone to break open and crack, exposing the inside of the phone.
Apple confirmed to techcrunch that they're now looking into the issue, but the spokesperson declined to comment further. So far, cnet has rounded up 6 reports of the issue.
The stories so far are based on social media posts.
Second Taiwan iPhone 8 buyer reports casing split open by swollen battery pic.twitter.com/lf6Tnp7wqc — Brightwire (@BrightwireInc) October 5, 2017
Apple investigates iPhone 8 after Hong Kong user reports battery swelled while charging pic.twitter.com/rX2BbkY1Ok — Brightwire (@BrightwireInc) October 3, 2017
The reports vary: some users say that their phone arrived cracked and some report that the phones swell once placed on a charger.
The phones crack open without any signs of scorching or explosion. Since the phones have only been on sale for a few weeks, it's early in the life of the device. There's a possibility that this issue will become more prominent over time.
These issues have shown up in phones in Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Greece and Canada according to a roundup by The Guardian.
This problem is reminiscent of that of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 issue where batteries caught fire and the phone was recalled.
Apple has yet to release figures for the first weekend sales of the new iPhones, so it's unclear what percentage of users this is affecting at this time. It's also still unclear whether this will cause a domino-effect where phones will have to be recalled or not. So far, there have been no injuries.
Some analysts have said that consumers may be holding off on the iPhone 8 and waiting for the iPhone X instead, which will be available for pre-order on October 27. Some sources say those phones may not ship on time due to a lack of production materials, so consumers may not be able to pick up their iPhone X until early 2018.
Who's the next Odell Beckham? Here are 10 contenders Last year's crop of NFL rookie wide receivers turned out to be sensational, none more so than Odell Beckham Jr. Beckham wasn't even the first wideout picked in 2014, going...
How Peyton Manning will win Super Bowl with Broncos AFC playoffs You better believe Tom Brady's magnificent obsession is being handed a one-for-the-thumb Lombardi Trophy by Roger Goodell. Their usual adversaries — Andrew Luck and Peyton Manning — will be...
Meet the 50 most fascinating people in the NFL likes to call itself “the greatest reality show in sports,” and the league's massive TV ratings make the strong case that it is. But it's no longer the...
Jets preview: Pieces in place to end playoff drought The Jets have undergone sweeping changes over the last eight months with owner Woody Johnson cleaning house after a disappointing 4-12 season in 2014. Todd Bowles replaced Rex Ryan as...
Giants preview: Fireworks on offense the only playoff ticket A case can be made that all the summertime angst will give way to fall and winter calm, the Giants will surprise the legion of doubters and make something special...
The secret September wish for the not-insane NFL fan Think about how you feel now, this moment, today, whether you bleed green blood or whether you shed blue tears. Ponder the conflicting emotions coursing through your bloodstream on the...
50 things to watch on way to Super Bowl 50 The Road to Super Bowl 50 in Santa Clara will be paved in gold. The golden goose that is the NFL has hatched a season-long “On the Fifty” celebration of...
NFC preview: Will Seahawks' reign continue? We preview the NFC team-by-team with projections, predictions and more. NFC East 1. Eagles Coach: Chip Kelly 2014 Record: 10-6 2015 Projection: 11-5. In Chip Kelly I Trust — as...
Video
British citizen Andargachew Tsege has been freed after spending four years on death row in Ethiopia.
The government had accused them of plotting a coup and had sentenced them to death in absentia in 2009.
They were detained in Yemen and sent to Ethiopia in 2014.
CELINA, Ohio (WDTN) — The Mercer County Sheriff's Office arrested two people on drug charges after a bust at Bunge Park in Celina.
A deputy was checking the park on S.R. 29 on Sunday when they found two people at the back of the property.
The deputy interviewed the man and woman and said there were signs of drug impairment.
After searching their vehicle, the deputy found marijuana and paraphernalia. They later found the man had methamphetamines, while the woman had drug abuse instruments.
The deputy arrested 56-year-old Bryan Couch from Harford City, Indiana on the following charges:
Possession of Drugs, a fifth degree felony
Criminal Trespass, a misdemeanor of the fourth degree.
The deputy also arrested 50-year-old Sandra Anne McDaniel from Hillard, Ohio on the following charges:
Possession of Drug Abuse Instruments, a misdemeanor of the second degree
Criminal Trespass, a misdemeanor of the fourth degree
A judge sent bond for Couch and McDaniel at $125,000 each. Additional charges are possible once Mercer County Prosecutor Matt Fox reviews the case.
Denise Dalton, 39, rushed home from their job as an intensive-care nurse at Hilo Medical Center after their husband called them
“I didn't even change out of my scrubs. I was grabbing things and throwing things into bags,” they said.
They took as many toys, clothes, books and DVDs that they could for them children.
The family stayed at a friend's house until they were able to secure a rental home in Hawaiian Paradise Park in Keaau.
“The pictures on the computer, my kids' baby blankets, and the toys that our son got for their third birthday are gone,” said Denise Dalton.
Them husband stayed behind and kept packing until the morning of May 4, without any sleep, and brought what they could to the family.
“I took a box of cheap toys so that the kids could have something,” they said.
They made a few trips back and forth to their home during the time the evacuation order was in effect but when they returned on Sunday, May 6, they saw the front of their house on Kupono Street engulfed in flames, with lava all around.
Despite losing most of their belongings, Denise Dalton said their family has experienced generosity from a community facing the uncertainty of what the eruption of the Kilauea volcano continues to bring.
Lava spread to other areas of the Big Island on Wednesday, forcing officials to order more evacuations, The Associated Press reported. Overnight, the lava was moving fast enough to cover about six football fields an hour, U.S. Geological Survey scientist Wendy Stovall told the AP.
As of Friday, lava had destroyed 82 structures on Hawaii Island, including 37 homes.
Denise Dalton said they and their family had received donations from their co-workers at Hilo Medical Center and through a local charity center. She's received food, chairs and a coffee maker.
They said their daughter, Elle, 4, and son, A.J., 3, often ask about their home.
“All the hot lava got it?” their son once asked. “I say yes,” they said. "Do they grasp it? I don't think so."
After losing their home, Heath Dalton has found a renewed sense of purpose. He's now trying to help their neighbors so that the same fate doesn't befall them.
“I've been able to get into Leilani," they said. "There's like three of us helping neighbors."
Dalton said they and their friends are helping neighbors move and giving guidance and directions to people who aren't familiar with the roads.
Kris Burmeister, one of Dalton's friends, lost their home in Leilani Estates on Monday night.
“Some of these people are losing everything and I'm trying to minimize that for as many people,” said Burmeister, 42.
On Wednesday, though, Dalton gave themselves the day off.
“After a little over three weeks, I want to spend time with family. I promised my wife that I would do a family day today,” they said.
On June 2, their daughter is turning 5, and Denise Dalton has ordered a cake to celebrate. Elle's presents were lost in the fire, including special dolls bought on Amazon.
"Everything we've been trying to do is to try to keep everything as normal as possible,” Dalton said.
Williams bought the mansion—which was built in 2004—from Rockstar Energy Drink founder Russell Weiner for $14.25 million in 2011.
Arthur Aidala may be next US Attorney for Eastern District The decision is now hands of President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Former Fox News analyst eyes DA office The former head of the Brooklyn Bar Association filed paperwork with the State Board of Elections to form an exploratory committee..
Honee founder and CEO Matt Jones
Honee founder and CEO, Matt Jones, admits they know way too much about the beauty industry. They chuckle when asked how and why they find themselves immersed in the beauty and wellness space - and the reason behind their mission to help digitise the industry.
“There are some serious problems in the beauty industry. Nothing is digitised. No one has a website and a third of bookings happen outside of opening hours, so if they don't have online bookings, they are missing out on a third of their business,” Jones tells CIO Australia.
In order to make a difference, Jones hatched Honee, a tech start-up that's propelling the beauty and wellness industry into the digital age. The end-to-end booking service and online shopfront - which offers 200,000 services - aims to revolutionise the way beauty, fitness and wellness companies do business, through connecting everyday consumers with venues in their surrounding communities.
Essentially, Honee aims to make it easy to find wellness, beauty and fitness venues in Melbourne and Sydney by providing customers with accurate and up-to-date information on venues, as well as helping businesses promote their brands and find new clients. It also aims to help salons get access to actionable feedback, save time and drive rebookings.
Jones said Honee has simplified the process for businesses by allowing customers to book, pay, cancel and review directly through the platform, taking a load off salon owners and their employees. It also enables salons to build a comprehensive digital marketing strategy and to take steps towards transforming their businesses.
“It's a brutally hard place to do business, so we really wanted to help these people,” Jones said, explaining the service is now resonating with users - particularly 'regular' salon customers - and businesses alike.
Of 10,000 salons across Sydney and Melbourne surveyed by the Honee team, less than 40 per cent had a web presence and 0.2 per cent of bookings is made online.
Jones said the beauty and wellness industry - unlike other industries - has been slow to adopt transformational change and to make any real significant inroads in the digital age. But they wanted to change all that - and act as a bridge between people looking for a service and those who offer it, and make the journey across that bridge as easy as possible.
Already, the company is celebrating a major milestone, boasting it's on track to hit $1 million a week in transaction volume. Its traffic has doubled in the past 3 months, and there's an increase from 50,000 to 100,000 users per month.
Getting started
So how did it all being? Jones - a commercial banker for ANZ for about seven years - said they were always destined for an entrepreneurial life, but never dreamed the beauty business was in the cards.
“I always had startups in my blood. During university I nearly failed two degrees from doing two different startups, rather than actually studying. I made quite a bit of money from that. I then eventually wrapped it up and focused on uni and followed the corporate path.
“But I had an idea in my head and I couldn't get it out. So I ended up leaving ANZ and went and did a startup. Of course, as you do, I failed miserably and burnt through all of my savings. It was a nice idea, but it definitely wasn't a good business.”
From there, they realised they needed to be surrounded by people who were successful. “People who were killing it and doing really well. So I joined Delivery Hero when it was early for them in Australia.”
From there, they ventured overseas, working in Berlin for Delivery Hero, and then headed across to Singapore to work for another start up, Quandoo Live, which developed a table reservation app.
They eventually joined Zomato, a restaurant search and discovery service founded in 2008 by Indian entrepreneurs Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah. It currently operates in 23 countries, including Australia and the US.
“In chatting with Deepinder and Pankaj, the founders, I realised we were a really good match. I went over to India and met them - and thought this was a huge opportunity.”
Back in Australia, they helped Zomato with the acquisition of Urbanspoon. “Zomato bought Urbanspoon for $70 million and they needed someone who's done this before. I had re trained sales team after acquisitions. I had done a lot of this previously and I was probably the most prominent food tech guy in Australia.
“We launched about seven verticals. Got 10 million users a month - and we did this all in less than 12 months. It was hugely successful.”
At that point, they - and their team - realised they had to venture out on their own.
“We were making everyone else rich, but ourselves. So that's when we decided to look at other opportunities. It didn't take long. Basically my hairdresser convinced me to do something for their industry. And that's how Honee got started.”
Never looked back
Initially, the Honee concept started as a discovery platform - and the team physically walked the streets.
“We covered 10,000 square kilometres across Melbourne and Sydney. We found 10,000 salons like literally walking down every street. We had an app, we got their GPS coordinates, menus, clients, descriptions, inside and outside photos. We got pretty much everything you needed for a user to find a great treatment, and we stuck it all online.” At first, the concept wasn't generating revenue.
But eventually, the company found its niche and worked to alleviate some of the challenges associated with the beauty industry, from users struggling to find venues to a lack of digital marketing know-how by countless beauty and wellness operations.
“We didn't realise it was this bad, but when we compared our database to Google, 60 per cent of the venues on our platform couldn't be found anywhere else on the Internet. So right away we found ourselves in this position where we became the ‘web presence' for the beauty industry.”
In addition to helping users, Honee has also enabled salons to market to thousands of consumers, by providing them with information that helps leverage their customer relationship and grow their business.
“Many salon owners drop $1 million on a really good location (on Chapel Street or George Street) for a fit out, but the average lifespan is only ten months,” they said, explaining businesses are so prone to collapse for a variety of reasons, and need help building one-on-one customer relationships.
“In the space of four months, we can take a salon with online bookings and get 40 per cent of their regular customers booking online. It's saving them 60 hours a month on the phones.”
The platform also offers business advice. An AI-powered chatbot and business information service ‘Nectar' lets business owners ask a number of different questions about their business and receive an answer immediately.
Going global
Asked their next steps, Jones said he's trying to raise capital in the US, and is looking for partners to help it grow internationally.
“Australia isn't a big market. It's $10 billion. We can carve that out over the next few years in multiple cities. It will grow. We already have a strong presence in Melbourne and Sydney. So the next markets we need are Los Angeles and some of the more sophisticated beauty markets including Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai and Delhi.
“I don't want to give it all away, but we have some pretty strong partners helping with our APAC expansion,” they said, revealing Zomato is helping Honee with its growth plans.
And while he's looking to expand the business globally, they love the exciting and frenzied start up atmosphere in Australia, particularly with the rise of the incubators, accelerator programs and the injection of government funding over the last two years.
“It's now very well networked. The Aussie market is second to none. I truly believe that in terms of being able to get in front of people. You go to Silicon Valley and you really need warm intros, but over here, it's very easy to get in front of venture capitals. All of the VCs are incredibly connected and there are a couple of hubs.
“There are more incubators and accelerator programs per capita in Australia than any other country in the world - and that's largely due to the government support backing funding and a lot of people just wanting to help out, give back to the community, and are setting up incubators.”
No doubt, they love living and breathing life as an entrepreneur. “I wouldn't do anything else. I love it. It's addictive. It is work-life integration. It really is. It is time on the weekends. It is seven days a week, 18 to 19 hours a day. It is a constant challenge.
“It's hectic, but I'm a problem solver at heart. I grew up in the age where we'd build computers. We'd go to a computer swap meet and we'd find motherboards, we'd find hard drives. We'd stick it all together, and by default nothing worked. You had to figure it out for yourself.
“You had to do whatever it took to get these things working. That's my life. I just solve problems and the bigger the problem, the bigger the challenge - and the more ambitious I get. And the beauty market is $3 trillion and I can't wait to solve its problems - there are so many.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Probably one for Space's Big Picture but it was taken in Oxfordshire so we'll allow it
Whitney Osuigwe of Bradenton defeated Margaryta Bilokin of Ukraine 6-1, 6-2 to win the Orange Bowl Girls' 18s singles crown on Sunday. Andrew Ong
Image copyright Google Image caption The message was left in a toilet at Florence Boot Hall at the University of Nottingham
A university is investigating after a message reading "uni girls love rape" was left on a bathroom floor.
The message was made using toilet paper in a shared bathroom at the Florence Boot Hall at the University of Nottingham.
A picture of the message has been posted on Twitter, with users describing it as "absolutely vile" and "disturbing".
The university said it had been removed and an investigation had been opened.
Victoria Kaye posted the picture on Twitter and asked: "What the hell is this doing in one of the University of Nottingham Florence Boot Halls shared bathroom?
"This is disgusting. What is wrong with people."
In reply to their picture on Twitter, one user wrote: "This is absolutely vile, would like to see some action taken to investigate this."
Another added: "Wow I'm rethinking taking up my place at Nott. What an awful advert for the type of students."
Replying to Ms Kaye's picture, the university's Twitter account said: "This disgusting message was removed as soon as staff were made aware of it.
"It doesn't reflect the values of the Uni and the behaviour we expect within our community. We're investigating to find who placed it there."
The account also shared a link to the university's website where students can report hate crimes.
Follow BBC East Midlands on Facebook, on Twitter, or on Instagram. Send your story ideas to eastmidsnews@bbc.co.uk.
The problem, which Facebook said it has fixed, is the latest privacy scandal for the world's largest social media company.
It said the bug automatically suggested that users make new posts public, even if they had previously restricted posts to “friends only” or another private setting. If users did not notice the new default suggestion, they unwittingly sent their post to a broader audience than they had intended.
Erin Egan, Facebook's chief privacy officer, said the bug did not affect past posts. Facebook is notifying users who were affected and posted publicly during the time the bug was active, advising them to review their posts.
The news follows recent furor over Facebook's sharing of user data with device makers, including China's Huawei. The company is also still recovering from the Cambridge Analytica scandal, in which a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm got access to the personal data of as many as 87 million Facebook users.
Jonathan Mayer, a professor of computer science and public affairs at Princeton University, said on Twitter that this latest privacy gaffe “looks like a viable Federal Trade Commission/state attorney general deception case.” That's because the company had promised that the setting users set in their most recent privacy preferences would be maintained for future posts. In this case, this did not happen for several days.
Facebook's 2011 consent decree with the FTC calls for the company to get “express consent” from users before sharing their information beyond what they established in their privacy settings. Even if the bug was an accident on Facebook's part, Mayer said in an email that the FTC can bring enforcement action for privacy mistakes.
Facebook, which has 2.2 billion users, says the bug was active from May 18 until May 27. While the company says it stopped the error on May 22, it was not able to change all the posts back to their original privacy perimeters until later.
The mistake happened, that company said, when it was building a new way for people to share “featured items” on their profiles. These items, which include posts and photo albums, are automatically public. In the process of creating this feature, Facebook said it accidentally made the suggested audience for all new posts public.
When people post to Facebook, the service suggests and audience for their posts, based on past privacy settings. So if you made all your posts “friends only” in the past, it will suggest that you make your new post “friends only” too. You can still manually change the privacy of the posts — anywhere from “public” to “only me” — and this was the case during the bug's life span too.
× Two more measles cases reported in students from Liberty schools
LIBERTY, Mo. — Two more students at Liberty schools have confirmed cases of the measles, health officials say.
On Tuesday, Liberty Public Schools sent a letter to parents at the two schools involved about the new cases. One student from South Valley Middle School and one student from Liberty North High School were recently diagnosed with the disease.
The school district said Clay County health officials do not think there was any measles exposure to parents, students, staff or guests at Liberty North because the student was absent while contagious.
But health officials said it's likely there was exposure on April 18 at South Valley.
These two new cases are in addition to another case announced last week that stems from a student at Warren Hills Elementary who lives in Kansas City. In that case, health officials said they don't believe anyone at the elementary school was exposed to the disease.
Measles cases have been popping up throughout the metro for the past several weeks.
There have been three other confirmed KCMO cases.
On the other side of the state line, there have been 16 confirmed cases of the measles. Officials have identified 13 Johnson County confirmed cases, along with 2 Linn County residents and 1 Miami County resident. Many of the Kansas cases link back to an outbreak at a Johnson County day care facility.
Health officials on both sides of the state line have urged “people who are ill or exhibiting measles-like symptoms to stay at home unless they are seeking medical care. Before visiting a healthcare provider, call ahead so that the provider can take measures to protect other patients and staff.”
Symptoms of measles typically begin with a high fever, cough, runny nose and red watery eyes. Three to five days after symptoms begin, a rash develops and usually starts on the face at the hairline and spreads down to the neck, trunk, arms and legs.
The average number of days between when a person is exposed to measles and when they first start showing symptoms is approximately 10 to 14 days, health officials say.
Those who have had the MMR vaccine have an extremely low chance of contracting the virus.
"Since I was a little girl... I figured I would be a spinster with all the animals a house could hold. As I grew older, I was pretty sure I would get married but I still didn't dream of a celebrated wedding," Souza told BuzzFeed.
In 2015, it was reported that Matt Barnes drove 95 miles to confront their former Lakers teammate Derek Fisher while Fisher was at the home of Barnes' ex-wife Gloria Govan. At the end of that year, Barnes wrote on Instagram that Fisher “went behind my back, messed (with) my ex, got caught, got dealt (with) for being a snake, then ran & told the Police & NBA.. Instead of taken that (expletive) whoopin like a man & kept it moving.”
A month after those words, in January of 2017, Fisher spoke to Bleacher Report about how their negative relationship with Barnes could affect their chances of re-entering the NBA as a coach or someone in a front office. The five-time champ said then, “All that says to me then is the business that I loved and have loved being in for as long as I have been, maybe that's not the place for me.”
But now, in 2018, there's a positive development to this story. After it was reported that Fisher and Govan got engaged, Barnes, who retired from the league last year, congratulated them. They even added that they and Fisher are “on the same page” and have talks weekly about their two sons.
Barnes said that they have known about the engagement “for a few weeks” and that they only wants what's best for their kids.
Congrats to the happy couple!
GERARD MALIE/AFP/GETTY IMAGES
BBC Monitoring - the service which listens to, analyses, and summarises news from 150 countries in 100 languages for the corporation - is moving from Caversham Park, its home of 75 years.
Staff there were the first to hear and report on some of the most seismic moments in history.
Read more here.
BUSINESS
Malta's gaming regulator has suspended the license of an online gambling operator linked to an Italian anti-mafia police action.
On Friday, the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA) announced that it had suspended the Class 2 remote gaming license of Phoenix International Ltd, which operated several online betting sites, including B2875.com, Bsport24.com and B28sport.com, none of which are currently accessible.
The suspension follows Thursday's raids on dozens of internet cafés by Italian police, in a Palermo-centered anti-mafia operation dubbed Game Over. Among the 23 individuals arrested on Thursday was B2875 owner Benedetto Bacchi, the so-called ‘betting king' who reportedly controlled a network of 700 betting shops across Italy.
Bacchi's betting shops – officially ‘data transmission centers' or CTDs – featured terminals that connected to the Malta-licensed Phoenix gambling sites. The unauthorized operations reportedly generated undeclared revenue of €1m each month, with a chunk of that sum allegedly kicked back to Cosa Nostra members.
The MGA's suspension notice ordered Phoenix to “indefinitely suspend all gaming operations, cease to register new players, suspend all transactions on all websites, including deposits and withdrawals, and submit all data and documentation requested by the Authority.”
The MGA further warned the public that any Phoenix-related sites that continue to claim to be operating under an MGA license were doing so without the MGA's authorization. The MGA said no further info would be released so as not to compromise any current or future investigations into the alleged criminality.
Bacchi and many of their co-accused appeared in court on Friday to be formally charged with money laundering, mafia association, fraud and numerous other offenses. Bacchi declined to speak during their hearing,
It was only a month ago that the MGA was slamming Malta media reports that Palermo-based mobsters were looking to relocate much of their operations to Malta. Bacchi's fall is the latest in a series of mafia busts linked to Malta's online gambling industry, including Betuniq and MediaLive Casino.
Comments
LONGi's singular focus on PERC technology significantly reduces the LCOE, thereby advancing grid parity and raising the technological bar in PV. PERC has emerged as a focus technology point, especially in China's "Top Runner" projects. Experts predict that by 2020, PERC will account for 65GW of capacity and about 40% of shipments.
XI'AN, China, April 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- LONGi Solar announced that its 120-cell half-cut monocrystalline PERC module has exceeded 360W, as certified by TÜV-SÜD. This achieves a new world record for the highest power 120-cell half-cut monocrystalline PERC module, adding to LONGi's world record for 60-cell monocrystalline PERC module for power and conversion efficiency.
More Headlines Articles
LONGi's singular focus on PERC technology significantly reduces the LCOE, thereby advancing grid parity and raising the technological bar in PV. PERC has emerged as a focus technology point, especially in China's "Top Runner" projects. Experts predict that by 2020, PERC will account for 65GW of capacity and about 40% of shipments.Dr. Jun Lv, Vice President of LONGi Solar, explained, "LONGi Solar's 120-cell half-cut monocrystalline PERC module applies our leading PERC technology. Average cell efficiency reached 22%; degradation in the first year is less than 2%, and stabilizing at less than 0.55% per year. PERC has been proven to increase power generation performance in low-light conditions and has excellent resistance to hot spots."LONGi is accelerating the upgrade of its solar cell production line and expects to complete the move to PERC this year. Concurrently, through strategic cooperation, 8GW of PERC cell supply capacity will be available to fully meet market demand for high-efficiency products. The company will gradually phase into mass production its world record monocrystalline products.LONGi is proud to be a world-class technology-oriented PV manufacturer and is committed to innovations through strong R&D investments across its entire monocrystalline industry chain. R&D spending reached RMB 2.38 billion (USD 380 million) the past 5 years, including RMB 1.108 billion (USD 175.9 million) in 2017 alone. The industry has taken notice and recognized LONGi as a manufacturer with the world's highest investment in photovoltaic R&D.Li Wenxue, President of LONGi Solar added, "LONGi has achieved a good balance between high power and high efficiency, focusing and taking the leads in both areas. As a driver and pioneer for high-efficiency and high-quality products, our PERC modules bring customers higher value and return on investment, generate more clean electricity and effectively advance grid parity and the sustainable development of clean energy worldwide."
OK, Mother Nature.
You win. We lose. We have officially tapped out. Given up. Thrown in the towel. You are our superior and we bow down before you and admit your power and might.
What you are doing now — what with all of the rain, snow and cold temperatures well into the month of April — proves that we are beholden to your whims. When you send unseasonable temperatures our way, there are exactly two things we can do about it: nothing and like it.
I have given up on the notion that spring — let alone summer — is ever coming. We are going to be stuck with 30 and 40-degree temperatures all the way into August, folks. Cancel your cookouts and trips to the swimming pool. Put away your tank tops and pull out your parkas.
I am firmly convinced this is as good as it's going to get and we are all just going to have to deal with it.
So, it is with great resignation that I am willing to accept the cold, cloudy, wet weather we are going to have, apparently, until the day I die. With that in mind, I figure we all might as well start looking to the bright side (not literally, of course, because it's obvious the shine will never shine again on our beloved Buckeye state).
I mean, there are some advantages …
Just think of the time we'll be able to save now on yard work, knowing nothing green will ever grow again! No more mowing. No more mulching. No more planting. Heck, we won't even have to ever rake leaves again because all the trees are barren with no hope of ever growing leaves again. Sure, it's going to feel a little weird shoveling our driveways and sidewalks in July, but sometimes you have to take the good with the bad. Remember, it's the weather and there's nothing we can do about it.
Personally, I am looking forward to it never being swimsuit season again. For myself and my fellow endomorphs, not feeling the need to parade around the pool wearing next to nothing always is a positive. I may never have to go shirtless in public again, which is not only good for me, but anyone who might have to see me. My unpleasant figure can remain comfortably hidden under layers and blue jeans all year now.
One thing I've always noticed about the beginning of the fall is that on the first chilly day, someone invariably says, “It's starting to feel like football weather.” As someone who loves football, there's very little I appreciate more than a little “football weather.” So look at this as a positive, folks — we are getting football weather five months early. Let's soak it all in. To all of you who post, “I can't wait for pumpkin lattes, cool nights, hay rides, Ugg boots, hoodies and bonfires” on your Facebook page every September, what you are waiting for? Your time is now, baby. The weather is perfect right now for all of those things. Who is up for a late April hay ride and bonfire? Sign me up!
I think we'll all stay a lot safer in this weather, too. We won't have those pesky mosquitoes buzzing us anymore, thus cutting down on our chances of contracting malaria. No more sunburns or burning our hands on the molten-hot steering wheel when we get in our car. And I have to believe the cases of heat exhaustion in the state are going to go way down now that we are never going to see 70 degrees again.
Let's face it, folks, the cold weather is here to stay. We may as well embrace it.
Unless, of course, we finally get a break in the weather and it eventually hits 105 with 99 percent humidity in July.
Then we can go back to wishing it was cold again.
David Fong writes for the Troy Daily News, a division of Aim Media Midwest.
The inspiration for a popular but controversial accessory that allows semi-automatic rifles to fire like machine guns began with an itch.
Jeremiah Cottle had just recovered from a brain injury that cut short their Air Force career and was out shooting with a friend near their hometown in central Texas.
"We weren't able to fire as fast as we wanted," Cottle recalled in a 2011 interview with a local newspaper, The Albany News in Texas. "We couldn't afford what we wanted ─ a fully automatic rifle ─ so I started to think about how I could make something that would work and be affordable."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How a Bump Fire Stock Device Works 0:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After some tinkering, and praying, Cottle and their wife sunk their savings into creating a prototype that became Slide Fire, a line of "bump-fire stocks" that use the force of a rifle's recoil to quickly re-engage the trigger mechanism, simulating automatic fire.
Related: Las Vegas Gunman Meticulously Planned Shooting, Sheriff Says
After Cottle told the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) that their invention was intended for people with limited use of their hands, the bureau approved the device, saying it did not turn rifles into machine guns, which are rare, highly regulated and can cost $20,000.
Cottle started selling their new product in December 2010, touting it as an improvement on "bump firing," an improvised technique that can be dangerous and difficult to control.
"The Slide Fire simply allows you to shoot as fast as you want to," Cottle told Guns America.
It's safe to say that Cottle, 40, has sold many thousands of Slide Fire devices since then (as a private business, the company does not have to make its financial data public, and Cottle did not return requests for an interview).
In a 2012 video for Guns & Ammo, Cottle fired a gun outfitted with one of their bump-fire stocks and explained that it allowed shooters to “achieve an incredible rate of fire and have a lot of good fun at the range."
Their stocks, which sell for $150 to $300, are by far the most popular and well-known such devices on the weapons-accessory market, and they have fought to keep it that way, suing copycats out of business. They have just one main competitor, Fostech Outdoors, which sells a bump stock based on a concept first devised by a Florida marksman and has traded patent-infringement accusations with Slide Fire. Both companies eventually dropped their lawsuits.
But Cottle is now the target of a growing backlash against bump-fire stocks, especially this week after they were found on 12 rifles recovered from the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock fired on a country music festival on Sunday, killing 58 people. The ATF has not said if Paddock used any of the 12 rifles.
Some in Congress want to ban the devices, even though they are not commonly used in crimes and are marketed primarily as gun-range gadgets that give shooters the thrill of obliterating targets.
A bump stock device is shown next to a disassembled .22-caliber rifle in Raleigh, North Carolina, in 2013. Allen Breed / AP file
"It's a gimmick, and there's no practical use for it," said Nick Leghorn, senior editor at The Truth About Guns, a firearms blog. "It's what we consider a range toy."
Democratic lawmakers are leading the push to make bump-fire stocks illegal, but a number of Republicans ─including House Speaker Paul Ryan ─ have also expressed a willingness to discuss how to deal with modifications that allow guns to simulate automatic fire.
One Republican in the Senate, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, said Wednesday that they had never heard of bump stocks until the Las Vegas shooting, but would now support a ban.
"Automatic weapons are illegal," Johnson said, adding that "to me that's part of that same type of process, so I have no problem in banning those.”
Related: Democrats Seek Ban on Devices That Boost Gun Rate of Fire
The backlash doesn't appear to be hurting business ─ at least for the moment. Since the massacre Sunday, there has been an apparent run on the sale of bump-fire stocks, making them hard to obtain at online and brick-and-mortar gun shops. Cottle's company has stopped taking new orders online.
"Any time there's a mass shooting, and the media talks about the type of firearms and what was used, that product becomes the product that everyone wants," said Michael Cargill, owner of Central Texas Gun Works in Austin, Texas.
A bump stock is shown next to a disassembled .22-caliber rifle at North Raleigh Guns in Raleigh, North Carolina, in 2013. Allen Breed / AP file
Cargill said they have sold out of bump-fire stocks, their distributors' inventories are bare and they suspect that is the case around the country.
"Whenever you mention the word 'ban' and mix it with the infatuation, people are going to want to get these things, and get them now," they said.
On YouTube, there are dozens of videos dedicated to shooting rifles outfitted with bump-fire stocks, made by Cottle and others. Reactions range from exuberant to skeptical.
"This thing is awesome," declares one user before shooting off dozens of rounds on an AR-15-style rifle outfitted with a Slide Fire stock. The video has been viewed more than 7 million times. They add, "For 375 bucks you can have a lot of fun."
In another video, with nearly 2 million views, a woman says of their Slide Fire stock: "It turns my semi-automatic rifle into, like, a fully automatic rifle. So we're fixing to have some f-in fun, alright?"
But other reviewers are far more cautious.
"Only a total jackass would use one of these," one man says of a version made by Bump Fire, which went out of business as a result of a Slide Fire lawsuit.
Cottle doesn't seem the type to shy from controversy (the company advertised billboards in 2014 that featured pictures of a rifle, a baseball mitt and an apple pie and the words "Pure American"). In a 2016 interview with Ammoland, they said: "Really, all I did was create a way an individual can shoot a firearm differently. I simply changed the way they pull the trigger."
They haven't offered any public remarks on Paddock's attack or any other mass shooting in recent years. William Akins, who developed a patent on which Fostech's bump stocks are based, declined to comment other than to express sorrow for the Las Vegas massacre.
But if Cottle's company is rushing to keep up with backorders, Cargill, the Austin gunshop owner, is among those waiting.
They said they were "absolutely" trying to get Slide Fire stocks for their customers.
"I'll have some within a week," Cargill said.
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – When Quinn Cook was a child, they bought a DVD called ‘Ankle Breakers' so they could study the NBA players they admired.
One of those videos had an extended segment on Tony Parker. Cook poured over their moves, trying to emulate them.
Now the 25-year-old Cook, who was on a two-way contract this season before they secured a spot on the playoff roster in early April, said that Parker is one of the reasons why he's where he's at now.
“I got my spin move from Tony Parker,” Cook said. “…Tony Parker has been a big influence for me.”
Click here if you are having trouble viewing the photos or video on your mobile device.
In the Warriors' first-round playoff series against the San Antonio Spurs, the student has had a chance to go head-to-head with their master. The experience has been a bit surreal for Cook, who grew up watching Parker help the Spurs become a dynasty.
Cook never rooted for the Spurs — in fact, far from it. Cook was a huge Los Angeles Lakers fan, who cried when the Spurs swept them out of their first-round series in 2013.
But Cook was always drawn to Parker.
When Cook watched Parker, a four-time NBA champion and a six-time All-Star, they saw themselves — or at least what they could become. They're both 6-foot-2, and only five pounds separate the 185-pound Parker from the 180-pound Cook.
“Tony, he's never been the most athletic, but he's always been fast and quick,” Cook said. “And he's found angles to slither around defenses.”
Cook studied Parker so closely that when they guarded them this series, they were actually able to anticipate some of their moves.
“It's funny, I was telling Kevin [Durant] the other day, I knew a move that they were going to before it happened just because of how much I watched him,” Cook said.
Click here if you are having trouble viewing the photos or video on your mobile device.
Cook has averaged 6.8 points on 41.7 percent shooting and 1.3 assists in 19.8 minutes through the first four games of the playoffs. It's crazy to think that he's a rotation player for the reigning NBA champions in the playoffs, considering just a few months ago they were in the G-League.
But after Curry sustained a sprained ankle followed by a Grade 2 MCL sprain in their left knee, Cook became the team's starting point guard on March 10. They finished in double-figures in 14 straight games, including scoring at least 20 points in six of them.
Warriors' coach Steve Kerr said they had a feeling Cook would explode in their new role. But they said what truly earned them a spot on the playoff roster was their attitude. Kerr called Cook the ultimate professional, praising them for their preparation heading into games and their team-first attitude.
Cook, who has come off of the bench behind Shaun Livingston so far this postseason, said the playoffs definitely feel different from the regular season. But they say their confidence has grown after each game.
“Every possession is intense, guys aren't taking any plays off,” Cook said. “You turn the ball over, you can't feel sorry for yourself. You've got to get back on defense. You see it in all these playoffs. They're so physical, so intense. It's been fun to watch and also be a part of.”
Even now, Cook still has a copy of ‘Ankle Breakers' downloaded onto their current laptop. But they haven't watched it yet this postseason.
Instead, he's had the opportunity to learn from Parker in a much more intimate way. Parker, now 35 years old, has played in the playoffs 17 straight seasons.
“For them to be so good this late in their career says a lot about him,” Cook said. “He's just so smart. I couldn't imagine guarding them 10 years ago.”
Like our Warriors Facebook page for more Warriors news, commentary and conversation.
Drew Angerer/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Rumor has it — literally.
The 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show's Best in Show went to a female German Shepherd from the Herding Group named “Rumor.”
“It's unbelievable,” Rumor's owner, Kent Boyles, said Tuesday night just moments after the win was announced at Madison Square Garden in midtown Manhattan Tuesday night.
When asked what Rumor's plans are, Boyles said, “She's going to be relaxing for a while, and finding an appropriate husband. There will be puppies in the future.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
CBS Local — The window for some PlayStation 3 owners to cash in on a 2016 settlement is about to close. Owners of the original “fat” PS3 have until April 15 to submit a claim with Sony that could be worth up to $65.
According to the settlement filed in October 2016, Sony agreed to pay PS3 owners $3.75 million after being accused of false advertising by some users. The original gaming machines came with an “OtherOS” feature which allowed owners to “partition their PS3's hard drive and install Linux on it,” according to Polygon. When it was first introduced the PS3 was marketed and used by some owners — including the U.S. Air Force — as a computer because of this ability.
By April 2010, Sony pulled the “OtherOS” ability from machines citing security concerns. A small group of “fat” PS3 owners then sued PlayStation's parent company for allegedly breaking the warranty of the machines.
Who can make a claim against Sony?
According to the settlement's website, owners who purchased a PS3 from Nov. 1, 2006, to April 1, 2010 and legally swear to knowing the system had the “OtherOS” feature and claim their machine lost value when Sony pulled it are eligible.
Users who file a claim will need to provide the machine's serial number (found on the back of the console), or their email used to create their PlayStation online account.
We all thought Bow Wow was doing better regarding their suicidal thoughts after their interview on the Breakfast Club earlier this month, but according to their tweets, that's not the case.
Remember how shook most of us were after the rapper's “last interview ever” with Charlamagne, Angela Yee and DJ Envy?
Bow Wow's interview on The Breakfast Club is important! They said he's depressed because he's done everything he's wanted and doesn't know what else to do. It's a reminder to appreciate the struggles in your journey. The destination isn't what makes the dream, it's the journey! — Iyanla Fix My Life Type Beat (@Binedu_) April 18, 2018
Well, Bow, er, Shad Moss, must've been having a really rough morning on Tuesday, because they hopped back on Twitter to express once again that they didn't want to be alive anymore.
Feel like jumping off this balcony — Bow Wow (@smoss) April 24, 2018
https://twitter.com/smoss/status/988731585053839360
Folks may sit on social media and drag Shad for their wild antics all day long — but let's be real, we all care about Lil Bow Wow.
Aye man, somebody check on Bow Wow for real. We joke but nobody actually wants to see them kill himself. — ĸayтranada'ѕ ѕтυnт doυвle (@BarkyBoogz) April 24, 2018
Bow wow is crying out for help. Someone please help them before it's too late — WHITNEY (@WWWHIIITNEYYY) April 24, 2018
They eventually hopped back on social media to let everyone that they are in fact okay.
https://twitter.com/smoss/status/988740500080427008
But maybe we just need to keep an eye on the young, old head, just for safety measures. Sidebar, Bow recently released the tracklist for their upcoming album, in the midst of their suicidal thought rampage.
MAY 21st Greenlight 6 pic.twitter.com/rjR7daGRnS — Bow Wow (@smoss) April 19, 2018
Also, peep the title of tracks 4 & 8. For real yall…let's keep Bow in our thoughts.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah (KSL/CNN) — It may have weighed only 2 1/2 pounds and stood about 6 inches tall, but the discovery of a half mammal, half reptile's skull in eastern Utah has huge implications for geologic timelines.
The skull of the new species, Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch, came from a snout-bearing, catlike animal with buck teeth and molars for crushing plants.
Its discovery is evidence that the super-continental split of Pangea likely occurred more recently than scientists previously thought — 15 million years later — and that a group of reptile-like mammals experienced an unsuspected burst of evolution across several continents.
“Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium, we now recognize a new, cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives,” said Adam Huttenlocker, lead author of the study and assistant professor of clinical integrative anatomical sciences at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California.
The study was published in the journal Nature on May 16 and updates the understanding of how mammals evolved and dispersed across major continents during the age of dinosaurs.
This creature, although it was covered in hair and suckled its young, laid eggs like the modern-day platypus.
“For a long time, we thought early mammals from the Cretaceous (145 million to 66 million years ago) were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse,” Huttenlocker said. “This finding by our team and others reinforce that, even before the rise of modern mammals, ancient relatives of mammals were exploring specialty niches: insectivores, herbivores, carnivores, swimmers, gliders. Basically, they were occupying a variety of niches that we see them occupy today.”
Andrew R.C. Milner, a paleontologist at the St. George Dinosaur Discovery Site at Johnson Farm, discovered the skull site on Bureau of Land Management Lands northeast of Arches National Park. Later paleontologists unexpectedly found the skull in the lab under the foot of a new iguanodont dinosaur called Hippodraco.
The fossil discovery emphasizes that these type of animals and some other vertebrate groups existed globally during the Jurassic-Cretaceous transition, meaning the corridors for migration via Pangean landmasses remained intact into the Early Cretaceous.
Most of the Jurassic and Cretaceous fossils of these type of animals are from the Triassic and Jurassic of Europe, Greenland and Asia.
David Grossnickle and Julia Schultz, from the University of Chicago, contributed to the study, as well Jim Kirkland, state paleontologist with the Utah Geological Survey.
The specimen was found on Bureau of Land Management lands and is held in public trust at the Natural History Museum of Utah, where it is on display in the museum's Past Worlds Gallery.
The federal government provided $300 for the research. The remainder was supported by the state of Utah.
(The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
In football, quarterback is arguably the most important position on the field. A great one can raise the ability of everyone on offense and is the de facto leader. While the position has always been important, with the rise of the passing game being exploited the position seems to have doubled in importance.
At the highest level of the NFL, it has been argued in this decade the only way a team can win a Super Bowl is with a quarterback who is deemed elite (Although backup quarterback Nick Foles threw a wrench into this thinking in the last Super Bowl).
How do we know when a quarterback is elite? When we see it, because that is vague enough for sports fans to argue quarterbacks merits.
With the importance of the position weighing so heavily in fans minds, the quarterback position is largely connected with and measured in championships.
Otto Graham
The standard was set way back in the 1950s, before the NFL was huge, when Otto Graham of the Cleveland Browns (hard as that is to believe) led their team 10 championship games all 10 years they played and won seven of them.
Four of those wins came in another league, but with four of the teams from that league later joining the NFL they had plenty of talent themselves, Graham is regarded as the greatest winner in NFL history though most modern fans have no idea who they are.
Johnny Unitas
The next quarterback thrown in the argument is Johnny Unitas, who played from 1955-1973, mostly for the Baltimore Colts.
While not as big of a winner, they did win championships in 1958 and 1959 and Super Bowl V.
The 1958 championship is arguably one of the most important games in the history of the league, as the Colts beat the New York Giants 23-16 in the league's first ever overtime game. It was given the name of “The Greatest Game Ever Played.”
Even with popular quarterbacks in the 1970s like Terry Bradshaw and Roger Staubach taking the NFL to another level of popularity thanks to television, Unitas was still the standard in most observer's minds.
Joe Montana
In the 1980s came Joe Montana from the San Francisco 49ers. Along with their coach Bill Walsh, they stepped up the sophistication of the passing game even more with their famed West Coast offense.
It relied even more on the timing of the quarterback and receivers, but focused on short routes that, in Walsh's mind, could make up for their team's weakness in running the ball, at least initially. Every modern day passing offense takes standard elements from that West Coast offense.
While Montana did not have prototypical size or arm strength, their accuracy, touch, improvisation with their feet and uncanny ability to lead their team back on the biggest of stages made them magical.
Their famed late drives to win against the favored Cowboys in the 1982 NFC Championship game and their 92-yard drive to win Super Bowl XXIII are the stuff of NFL legends. Their usual calm composure when they played made everything they did seem effortless and in a term, magical.
While they played on great teams, Montana always had and seemed to play great when their team needed them to.
Their four Super Bowl wins in the 1980s, tying them with Bradshaw for the most, along with their three Super Bowl MVPs unquestionably made Montana the greatest modern-day winner in league history at the quarterback position. No one had ever won more titles the way they had and no one did for the next few decades.
Tom Brady
In the early 2000s, a dynasty led by an unheralded quarterback seemed to threaten this as the New England Patriots won three Super Bowls in four seasons by the middle of the decade.
The famous Tom Brady was a sixth round pick in the year 2000 and was the seventh quarterback taken. The Patriots already had a franchise quarterback in Drew Bledsoe and had just signed them to a long and rich contract extension.
Bledsoe getting hurt in the second game of the 2001 season gave Brady their chance and they led the Patriots on an unprecedented season. They went 11-5 and won a famous divisional playoff game against the Oakland Raiders, upset the Pittsburg Steelers in the AFC Championship game and then upset the “Greatest Show on Turf” St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl that featured a now famous drive by Brady to set up the game winning field goal on the final play.
Their second Super Bowl two years later again featured Brady coming through with a drive late in the game to set up a game winning field goal, almost on the final play, to win the Super Bowl against the Carolina Panthers.
While not as dramatic, their third Super Bowl win the next year against the Philadelphia Eagles did feature a good game from Brady, although it was their first and so far only Super Bowl win they were The talk died down as Brady did not have their best game, mostly due to facing a ferocious pass rush. They had failed where Montana never had on the biggest stage.
A missed season due to injury and a couple of playoffs exits the next three years kept them in the conversation for the best quarterback in the league, but best ever talks were put on the backburner, even as Brady started to become more and more responsible for the Patriots offensive success as they put up the best numbers of their career.
In 2012, the Patriots again made it to the Super Bowl and were favored to win against the Giants. Again, a ferocious pass rush by the Giants limited Brady enough so the Giants could win in another upset. With two losses, talks were even more put to bed.
Brady and the Patriots continued to stay relevant the rest of this decade and then some. After two years of losses in the AFC Championship game, Brady and the Patriots made it back to the Super Bowl in 2016 against the defending champions the Seattle Seahawks.
Looking like nothing would slow them down this past season even as they turned 40, Brady led their team back to the Super Bowl for an outrageous eighth time since the turn of the century.
They faced the Eagles and in one of the most explosive offensive showings in Super Bowl history, one in which Brady broke not only the Super Bowl record, but the postseason record by passing for 505 yards, the Eagles won 41-33. The loss bumps their Super Bowl record to 5-3 and leaves some people questioning what they know or how to evaluate just a year after proclaiming them the new “best ever.”
The only people who care about this stuff are hard core sports nerds. Players who are named the greatest of all time do not get another trophy.
So why do we sport fans do it? Like every generation, we want to believe our culture, our music, our movies, our sports stars were the best that was and will ever be. Dismissing the younger and older generations and what they lived through is what gives us validation we lived during special times.
Do you agree with my choice for the greatest quarterback of all time? No? Who do you think it is? Click the link below to take our survey and share your thoughts, whether your agree or disagree.
https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/783TL6S
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
In the early 2000s, Australian agribusiness Ruralco moved its SAP infrastructure into a hosted data centre in Melbourne. But as the company grew, the hosting provider's inability to scale the infrastructure and slow system performance hindered the efficiency of staff at 40 businesses across 500 retail outlets.
“The infrastructure wasn't ours and it was very difficult for the hosting provider to change configuration of the environment – it took weeks to add memory, CPU and disk,” Ruralco's chief information officer, Tom Hansen told CIO Australia.
Scalability and lack of performance were both problems for the ASX-listed organisation, which operates in the areas of fertilisers, wool, livestock, water, grain, real estate, risk management, finance and insurance.
“The hosted environment didn't have the throughput capacity to handle concurrent requests from our people. For example, at the end of the month, our finance department will run many reports and our previous environment didn't have the ability to handle those concurrently,” Hansen explained.
Last October, Ruralco gave the data centre provider the flick and moved its core SAP environment to Microsoft's Azure cloud in Sydney with a disaster recovery site in Melbourne that is mirrored every 15 minutes.
Hansen said there have been a few benefits to moving to a public cloud environment. It's more scalable and delivered a 60 per cent improvement in the performance of SAP applications to its retail network from day one.
"If we put all our backups, batch jobs, data extractions and the like end-to-end – a lot of them run at night at the same time – they would take up to 27 hours to run. But now they run in half an hour," said Hansen.
The organisation's tech team also benefits from a pre-production staging environment which has improved "throughput for changes and transports into production," Hansen said.
“Previously, we only had one production, test and dev environment – now we have a dev, test, staging and production environment. So we have another level there in the stack to make sure we test our transports prior to them being moved into production.
“Moving to the cloud also allows us to add more interfaces to the environment so we can add extra modules and third party systems. We can also ‘pipe out' data from our production system into a data warehouse to ‘punch the numbers' and to have a more real-time analysis on that information. That extra capacity makes it a lot easier – it's very scalable so this makes the job simpler."
The move to Azure has improved the performance of Ruralco's core SAP point-of-sale application, which serves several of the organisation's business units.
“Previously, if someone needed to print an invoice at the point of sale in a regional town, performance from our servers in Melbourne wasn't up to the task, and the print out could take minutes as opposed to seconds [with the new public cloud infrastructure in place],” said Hansen. This bottleneck has been alleviated completely."
All of Ruralco's tech infrastructure now sits in managed VMs in third party data centres. The organisation rolled out Office 365 in 2016, which makes it easier for 3000 highly mobile staff to do their jobs, said Hansen.
"From an infrastructure point of view, I think the world will be moving to that model because it's very scalable. You can select which service you want, whether it's complete management, backups and disaster recovery – depending on your budget and environment,” they said.
Ruralco's move to the public cloud has been "cost neutral" compared to running infrastructure on-premise but gains in system performance and capacity were the key drivers, Hansen said.
"Also with the new DR environment, we are very pleased where we have ended up."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Transcript for New details of Prince's death revealed as documents are released
You always do that. Yeah. Prince's death, the newly unsealed court documents are revealing the superstar's apparent struggle with opioid addiction and how they tried to keep it a secret and Eva pilgrim has the details. Reporter: Good morning, it's been nearly a year since the superstar died of an overdose found dead inside that elevator in their paisley park estate. We are learning for the first time what investigators found inside prince's home the day they died. Search warrants in the music superstar prince's death unsealed painting a picture of the singer's opioid addiction. ??? All my cares and trouns dive right off my windowsill every time I pop a pill." Reporter: They found a sizable am of narcotics stored not in prescription bottles but hid in vitamin, as men and over the counter pain relief bottles including the singer's dressing room, music room and purple rain room, none in prince's name. ??? You got the look that in us have taken ??? Reporter: Some found in a suitcase with the name Peter bravestrong, an alias they were believed to use along with handwritten lyrics to "You've got the look" prescribed under the name of their longtime friend and drummer Kirk Johnson including oxycodone that was prescribed by Dr. Michael shillenburg after their plane made that emergency landing just days before they die. What's the nature of the emergency? Unresponsive passenger. Reporter: Shellen berg told investigators they put the prescription in Johnson's name for prince's privacy but their lawyer saying Dr. Shulen berg never predirectly prescribe them to prince or any other person with the intent they will be given to prince. Johnson telling investigators they were unaware prince was daddicted to pain medication even though the star's assistant had arranged a meeting with a rehab center for help and that center's representative at the home the morning prince died and called 911. At paisley park, 7801 audubon road. Person down not breathing. Reporter: Their ex-wife telling "Good morning America" -- They were a machine. Music kept them going. Reporter: Not clear where they got that fentanyl that took their life ultimately. Investigators scouring their computer, e-mail and phone records looking for clues but still no answer to that question. For more let's bring in Dr. Drew Pinsky. Always good to see you and get your insight and perspective. You heard the report. You've heard what these documents are alleging and so what do you make of the fact that so many prescriptions, so many drugs were found in various areas of the house? Well, robin, I don't make much of it. It just starts of standard fare with a history of opioid excess, stashes all over. What is unusual about the prince case, many things are unusual but some things that jump out are the issue of the fentanyl. How and why they got enough to take a huge a that's a hard drug to overdose on unless you're shooting it. I will remind people, people don't typically die of prescription opioid use unless you add a benzodiazepine and they found alprazolam and they graduate from that to heroin as physicians are getting the message we have to curtail the prescribing of oral opiates. We heard in Eva's report about that doctor that said they filled it under a friend's name for privacy reasons. You're not buying that. Well, if that's true, again, we don't know what the doctor was up to. If a doctor does that it's unkosher superma unconsciona unconscionable. It violates safety codes and rules and we can't monitor the practices but it does highlight one thing that happens all the time which is that people in special positions -- excuse me, celebrities and whatnot often seek out special care. Michael Jackson's physician being case a of that and when you get special care, you inevitably get substandard care. The standard is for a reason. It's the best care and if a physician is somehow sort of turned on by taking care of somebody special, that's terrible for the patient. What prince kneed was the same as every person with addiction. They lived 30 minutes from one of the premiere treatment centers from Hazelton. They could have taken them there and they would be alive today but the special needs people flying from San Francisco, it's unthinkable. Unthinkable to try to treat an opioid addict like that. Dr. Drew, thanks as always. Coming up, the new claims
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may not be long until we have a King rather than a Queen after reports emerged that Elizabeth II is preparing to abdicate.
There has been no official comment from Clarence House about the rumours but sources say Queen Elizabeth II , who is 92, is planning to make way for Prince Charles by the age of 95.
The leak said the Queen had revealed their future plans to their inner circle.
For Prince Charles to take their mother's place as ruling monarch, a piece of legislation known as the Regency Act would have to come into force.
This would grant the Queen's eldest son, Charles, full power to reign while they still live, reports The Mirror .
Queen Elizabeth II famously dedicated their life to their role of monarch on their 21st birthday, and vowed to serve the Commonwealth declaring:
"I declare before you all that my whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."
They ascended to the throne in 1952, aged 25, after their father George VI died.
During their reign, Queen Elizabeth II has made many visits to Reading , most famously opening the new train station in the summer of 2014.
More recently, both the Queen and their husband Prince Philip visited Pangbourne College to help celebrate its 100th anniversary where they presented a new military flag.
An avid horse fan, the Queen and their family are also regular guests at Ascot Racecourse , especially during Royal Ascot week. Although this year for the first time, the Queen had to rush to make it in time for the Royal Procession as they were busy reopening Parliament in the morning.
As well as the horses, gamblers enjoy having a punt on the colour of Them Majesty's hat . Although they caused confusion this year , wearing a colour no one could quite name!
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Them Majesty is now Britain's longest-reigning monarch, with polls showing they remain hugely popular among people in the country.
But, if they did abdicate, the throne would be passed on to their eldest son, Prince Charles, who would become King. If this happened, they would become the oldest-ever UK monarch to be crowned.
But if they also decided to abdicate, the throne would be passed on to their eldest son, Prince William , who is currently second in line.
The Duke of Cambridge's three-year-old son, Prince George, is third in line to succeed their great-grandmother, the Queen.
It was reported in November that the Palace in London was due to undergo a £369million , 10-year refurbishment. The work, which will include replacing electrical wiring, water pipes and the heating system, was expected to begin last month.
The Queen was said to be fully supportive of the work.
Them Majesty is expected to remain in residence throughout, but may have to temporarily move bedrooms while the whole palace is resurfaced.
Many of their staff will also need to be temporarily relocated, some even to offices in the garden, while work on the 775-room palace is carried out.
The Mirror Online approached Kensington Palace but it declined to comment.
As soon as Bibb County sheriff's investigators got to the scene of Monday's holdup, they knew who did it.
It didn't take long to catch him, either.
Carlos Antonio Rhodes, 42, was arrested eight hours after the holdup at the the Dollar General at 4966 Bloomfield Road just after 8 a.m., according to a Bibb County sheriff's news release.
Rhodes left their identification on the counter before fleeing the store in southwest Macon and members of the U.S. Marshals Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force found them at a residence off Log Cabin Drive that afternoon.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
They used their ID to issue a lookout for him.
They allegedly came up to the counter with a laundry basket and packaged knife and asked for a pack of cigarettes.
When the clerk asked for identification for the smokes, they went outside, got their ID out of their car and came back in.
After the employee scanned the knife, Rhodes opened the package and used it to demand the clerk fill the basket with cigarettes.
The clerk refused, got out of their way and Rhodes loaded the basket with cigarettes and left.
 They are being held on charges of armed robbery and unrelated charges of terroristic threats and shoplifting.
Officers also recovered the vehicle used in Monday's robbery, the release stated.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
DEAR CAROLYN: I know you get a number of writers who have been treated differently from their siblings by their parents with respect to gifts, money, privileges, etc. Do any parents out there actually intend to treat their children differently?
I am asking because I was treated very differently from my sibs — still am — and I am expecting a second child now. I feel nervous about how it will change my relationship with my firstborn.
Treating Kids Fairly
DEAR TREATING KIDS FAIRLY: What bad behaviors do any of us intend? Our minds are rigged to self-justify, so I have no doubt parents who play favorites — or employees who cut out early or authority figures who harbor racial biases or test-takers who cheat or grade-schoolers who bully or drivers who tailgate — see the merits of their choices.
The difference between the people owned by their frailties and those who behave honorably in spite of them is just a combination of self-awareness and a willingness to take on whatever discomfort comes with the good decision you need to make.
Related Articles Carolyn Hax: I resent my husband for leaving the workforce
Carolyn Hax: Friend keeps saying breakup was a ‘betrayal'
Carolyn Hax: I'm creeped out by my husband's new friend
Carolyn Hax: Should I tell my husband I can't stay married to them if they remain obese?
Carolyn Hax: Is couple's therapy with a controlling spouse ever a good idea? So when you find yourself preferring one child to another, you can either scratch that normal but highly consequential emotional itch, or you can step back, note your preference, and then make a point of blocking off special time with your currently-less-favored child, so you can work on your bond.
It's not easy; you have to be patient. You have to find energy when you're tired. You have to be careful not to pick your favorite activities when they set that child up to fail, and instead choose activities that bring out the better in both of you. Ask any baseball-hating kid of a baseball-loving parent how important this distinction is.
You make this effort because it's right and because it's good for you, too.
And you watch yourself from that point on to make sure you're not turning a better face to either child, be it in the size of the cookie you hand out or the depth of the empathy you express.
If it helps, you're in a good spot right now: You understand your power and how much harm you can do by abusing it. That's good news for your babies.
DEAR CAROLYN: Re: Favorite Children: Neither my husband nor I was the favorite child. In our families, those who needed the most got the most. While one child may be struggling in school or struggling financially and need more attention, try not to overlook the child who is following the rules.
My father-in-law describes my husband with such pride as a near-perfect child, and regularly says how much easier they were than their siblings, yet they spend much more time with their other children because they always needed them more. That time resulted in a closer bond over the years and no opportunity for my husband and my in-laws to grow close.
Anonymous
DEAR ANONYMOUS: Excellent point, thank you. Your husband may well have been the “favorite,” but was not favored in the way it counts, in attention.
This is where a shared interest can be so helpful: Just noting a child's passion — and supporting it, praising it, driving to lessons in it, shopping for its required equipment — can provide a framework for (pardon the expression) quality time.
(This was adapted from a recent online discussion.) “Tell Me About It” is by Carolyn Hax. Send your questions to tellme@washpost.com or fax 202-334-5669.
Looking to hire (or be) the best? Here are the intangibles that make top IT performers stand out.
On a good tech team, cross training and clear documentation keep projects humming along — even when colleagues need to be away — averting disaster. That said, have you ever noticed that when certain people in your office aren't there, work tends to stall, deadlines slip, and sprints seem less … agile?
These standout IT pros know how to make themselves invaluable. They're the coders, project leads and managers the organization can't do without. We asked a dozen IT experts what highly effective habits these folks have — and also mined their experience for tips on how to replicate the success of rock-star team members. Where you're looking to hire top-notch talent or up your game to indispensable status, here's what top performers do that make them so hard to replace.
They're curious
Robert Douglas, owner of PlanetMagpie IT Consulting, says he's hired a number of outstanding employees for their team, and they all have the same trait: technical curiosity that extends outside the office.
“These are the IT pros who build mini data centers in their garage out of e-waste they scavenged over months of work,” Douglas says. “Why? Because it's fun. They can think way outside of the box. They can bring a downed network back to life with discarded gear and a few cables they had lying around — and keep it running until fresh components arrive.”
They adapt
Taking fresh looks at old problems is an essential part of the digital transformations that are changing many organization's cultures, leading to approaches like DevOps and agile and incorporating emerging technical solutions such as AI and IoT, says Christoph Goldenstern, global vice president of innovation and service excellence at Kepner-Tregoe. Likewise, team members who are willing to adopt new ways of working are highly sought after.
“There is one thing that IT staff cannot afford — and that's to stand still,” Goldenstern says. “The willingness to learn and keep evolving, making yourself vulnerable in the process, is absolutely essential to staying relevant and being a growth driver in a constantly evolving business.”
They solve problems
Most successful tech team members have keen analytical minds, says Paul Martini, CEO of network security firm iboss, and it's a trait that's more important than tech chops.
“In order to succeed in IT you need to have the ability to look at a problem, analyze it, and find a way to solve it,” Martini says. “I look for people who understand their strengths and weaknesses. These are the people that are most capable of learning on the job, while still improving the team's ability overall. Look at raw potential. If you have potential and the drive to improve, the rest will follow.”
They offer unique perspectives
To mix things up and avoid groupthink, Andrew Avanessian, COO of endpoint security firm Avecto, looks for a combination of tech skills and a unique viewpoint when he's hiring.
Related video: 7 IT salary and hiring trends for 2018
“The most successful teams … embrace each team member's individual talents and challenge their teammates to think differently,” Avanessian says. “IT professionals are constantly required to learn new skills and embrace new technology — the job you were doing a year ago might have completely changed. For that reason, I value adaptability and eagerness to learn above all else.”
They can code
Even non-tech staff are using their own coding solutions to solve problems these days. Those who have put the time in and learned to code are increasingly in demand.
“Using at least one scripting language is a life skill for anyone,” says Matt Wilgus, practice director of threat and vulnerability assessment services of Schellman & Co. “Being able to accomplish a task that's not in an application — or at least not part of a graphical user interface — is common. To get the most out of web services from vendors and move data in and out of disparate systems often requires interacting with data through scripts.”
You don't need to create breakthrough algorithms, but learning how to write simple scripts can go a long ways, says Andrew Odewahn, CTO at tech publisher O'Reilly.
“For the vast majority of people working in the trenches, once you have a solid grounding in at least one language, learning how to learn is a more important skill than a degree in computer science,” Odewahn says. “Even simple systems involve many different tools and languages, so it would be nearly impossible to know them all ahead of time. You might find yourself working in Python, JavaScript, Git, GitHub and Docker on even a simple project, so the ability to take what you know how to do in one language or tool and quickly pick up another is crucial.”
They have soft skills
Business consulting firm Capgemini put out a study late last year on the digital skills gap and the upshot was more employers were seeing a soft skills gap (about 60 percent) than a hard tech skills gap (about half of those surveyed).
The most in-demand skills were a focus on customers and a desire to learn. The skills that were the most difficult to find, respondents said, were efficient collaboration as part of a team and ease of dealing with change.
They teach others
The ability to mentor others provides benefits for the organization but also for the person doing the teaching, and they go beyond checking off a box on a performance review.
“A technical professional that takes the time to teach others is a trait we look for in our team,” Wilgus says. “Teaching not only shows technical proficiency, but also demonstrates soft skills such as public speaking, patience and organizational skills.”
They avoid a cut-and-paste approach
O'Reilly's Odewahn says the best tech team members are able to shake up the way they approach problems. They don't just search online for an answer or head to StackOverflow.
“There's a lot of craft and judgment involved,” Odewahn says. “While it's nice to be fast, most problems will require digging in with many different attempts, given we're working in complex, distributed teams where the dividing lines for solutions simply aren't clear. Past a point of minimal competency, it's the soft skills that really make someone stand out. It's essential to have the ability and willingness to learn and apply new things. While having engineers chase shiny new toys is a problem that will always need to be managed carefully, a good engineer will be naturally interested and curious about how to connect new tools or techniques to the problems at hand.”
They're coachable
A tech pro with intelligence and a strong work ethic is an impressive twofer, but Derek Langone, CEO of Boston-based XebiaLabs, says adding a third element — being coachable — makes a coworker truly indispensable.
“This is often the hardest trait to predict,” Langone says. “But it's also the one that makes the difference between success and failure. In my experience, if these three traits are present in a candidate, their probability for success is very high. And they handle input well. With DevOps expertise in high demand and the skillset constantly evolving, being amenable to change and willing to strive for growth are critical.”
They understand the business
As technology becomes part of every unit of a business and not simply an IT department concern, there's a fundamental need to understand what the customer wants. And those that do get noticed.
“What makes them stand out is their ability to connect them to the needs of the business and understanding what actually is considered important by the user of IT,” says Goldenstern. “There are many IT engineers with broad technical skills. Focusing on value versus features and adoption versus simply rolling something new out is what will make IT engineers and managers stand out.”
They know how to work with vendors
Businesses that rely on the cloud for services from email to data science need IT pros who are adept at working with service providers outside the walls of their organization.
“Vendor management skills are a must-have,” says Rich Murr, CIO at Epicor Software. “While not necessarily a tech skill, it's becoming indispensable as IT departments leverage an increasing number of third parties, including cloud vendors.”
Vital employees understand “everything as a service — software, hardware, and network,” says Jim Haskin, CIO of Aspect Software. “Gone are the days of dedicated servers, apps, networks, etc.”
They value data
It's no surprise to anyone working in technology that data science skills are in demand. Go-to tech pros help their organizations by gleaning insights from structured and unstructured data, say our experts.
“Data science and data engineering are skills more developers and technologists will need to have in their toolbox,” says Odewahn. “However, as more and more cloud services start offering these at scale as services — like Amazon Sagemaker — understanding how to apply your data to your specific problems will be more important than the underlying tech. I'm very excited about these AI-as-a-service model and what's possible.”
They begin with the end in mind
Soft skills come into play when technology staff are frequently meeting with multiple teams, and they need to communicate a vision of how customers will be using the product, say Koreen Pagano, project management director at D2L, an online learning tool.
“Most engineers are not being taught those skills during their education, and have to learn them on the job to be successful,” Pagano says. “Companies are the ones currently filling the skills gap for technical employees who enter the workforce technically proficient but are often unable to navigate their role in the larger business context.”
They think big
The best members of a tech team think broadly, says Jay Jamison, senior vice president of strategy and product management at low-code software maker Quick Base. They create what they call “reverb impact” — the ability to develop a technical solution and then apply it to other needs in the company.
“One team recently built an eventing infrastructure to solve one set of customer challenges in a way that enabled us to leverage that same infrastructure to solve another set of problems,” Jamison says. “The success was due to the team coupling curiosity with fast execution and broad-scale thinking.”
They can do your job
It may seem counterintuitive, but a number of our sources said what they really appreciate is someone who keeps things running when they're away, in a demanding environment and without a hitch.
“If you want a day off in the technology firm, you better be sure you have good people around you to stand in and cover,” says Kate Donofrio, technical lead of Schellman and Co. “I've taken many trips with laptops and let me tell you it takes a toll on your personal life. Be willing to teach those around you what you do, and don't fear that they'll take your job. In fact, you better train them so they can take your job, so there are places for you to move without putting the company at risk.”
They understand what it means to lead
Execs notice workers with leadership skills, and O'Reilly's Odewahn says it's more than just assigning tasks and nudging people to hit their deadlines.
“Too many people confuse the formal authority of management — which should just be about deciding what gets done and when — with the tacit authority of leadership, which is about getting people to work together as an effective team to solve a problem,” says O'Reilly's Odewahn. “A good leader brings people together, keeps calm, understands their strengths and weaknesses and can carry a consistent vision across the daily sprint cycles. As a senior person in any organization, one of your most important jobs is identifying and cultivating people with leadership ability, and helping them succeed in their careers. If for no other reason than being purely selfish, their success is your success.”
Related careers articles:
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Abdulai Mansaray
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 2 January 2017
When the three Wise men visited baby Jesus at this time of the year, they brought with them gold, frankincense and myrrh. The three gifts had a spiritual meaning: gold as a symbol of kingship on earth, frankincense (incense) as a symbol of deity, and myrrh (embalming oil) as a symbol of death; life's phases.
So when Donald Trump visited Obama at The White House, following their near impossible and apocalyptic triumph in the recently concluded presidential elections, Obama said after the meeting, “It is no secret that the President-elect and I had some pretty significant differences,” I have instructed my team to follow the example that President Bush's team set eight years ago and work as hard as we can to make sure this is a successful transition for the President-elect.”
“We are all rooting for their success in uniting and leading the country,” But if the events of last week are anything to go by, it looks like the transition will be anything but “smooth”.
Last week, Obama decided to have the U.S. abstain from a United Nations Security Council vote on a resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity, which allowed the measure to pass.
The vote angered Israeli leaders, who accused senior U.S. officials of complicity in drafting the resolution, a claim disputed by the U.S. Trump's postings came just before Secretary of State John F. Kerry delivered a major address on U.S. foreign policy that included a rebuttal to Israeli government criticisms of the Obama administration.
Understandably, Trump's statement of support for Israel was welcomed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has long had a tense relationship with Obama. As if that was not enough, the Obama administration on Thursday announced its retaliation for Russian efforts to interfere with the US presidential election, ordering sweeping new sanctions that included the expulsion of 35 Russians.
A senior official said. “One reason why I think it is necessary to sustain these actions is because there's every reason to believe Russia will interfere with future US elections.”
Russian authorities were reportedly believed to have on Thursday ordered the Anglo-American School of Moscow, which serves the children of US, British and Canadian embassy personnel, closed.
But this has been denied by Russia. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in televised remarks earlier today, said, “Of course, we cannot leave these sanctions unanswered … Reciprocity is the law of diplomacy and international relations. Therefore, the Russian Foreign Ministry, together with our colleagues from other departments, introduced a proposal to the president of Russia about declaring 31 employees of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow and four diplomats from the U.S. Consulate General in St. Petersburg persona non grata. Putin has since resisted the temptation and Donald Trump has showered them with the usual tweet.” Great move on delay (by V. Putin) – I always knew they were very smart.
It is no secret that throughout their campaign, Trump had always been associated with links to the Russian political machinery and oligarchs. From money laundering, to hacks, business ties and so forth, allegations of Trump and Putin being separated at birth, had been relentless.
The two men had occasionally expressed their mutual admiration and bromance for each other. With Russia being the archetypal enemy of the USA, it was just a matter of time to see how this plays out with the incoming President of the free world.
With barely three weeks to the inauguration, Trump could not have wished for a worse platform to start their political odyssey “To Make America Great Again” They have just been “three-footed” by Obama.
We all know that one of Trump's main political mantras was to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”. During their campaign, they accused the Obama administration of making America look weak, in the eyes of the world. They preached tough arm tactics from trade, nuclear arms, immigration, border security, terrorism and even their dealings with ISIS.
Among others, their tough man mantras appealed to their followers who hung on their every word. Not surprisingly, it took only 72 hours for them to start renegading on their promises; much to the disappointment of their supporters. Eleven million illegal aliens became “3 million”, the Wall became “fence and wall”, and lock them up morphed into “they are good people”.
Now that Obama has bequeathed these two political hand grenades on their lap, the world is waiting to see if Trump will talk the talk and walk the walk.
With Obama taking an unprecedented hard-line stance against Russia on Thursday, will Trump roll back the sanctions and expulsions?
Many will see Obama's recent action as in line with Trump's vaunted mantra to “MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN”; to make America look strong in the eyes of the world.
The Speaker of the House Paul Ryan applauded the move, although they described it as overdue. Obama may agree and say, “Better late than never”. A senior Russian official called the expulsions as “the death throes of political corpses”.
But considering Trump's professed relationship with Putin, the question is whether Trump will keep the status quo or undo all of it. The irony is that, Obama has left Trump between the devil and the deep blue sea. Will they stick or twist?
To go with Obama's edits will mean significant damage to their relations with their Russian cousin. If they dismantle this political stance, many will see them as weak and all talk. So what do they do here?
Be ready for the unconventional political correctness. If Donald Trump thought that their problem would be with Democrats in both houses, then let's wait and see what happens in their own party. Any attempts to soften or reverse Obama's stance on Russia is set to put Trump on a Collison course with the nexus of their party.
The other political hot potato on Trump's lap is the recent UN resolution condemning Israel for violating international law with its policy of building settlements on occupied Palestinian territory.
The UK has never hidden its support for the UN resolution, and it is not surprising that the UK has been accused of having its fingerprints all over the text of the resolution. Israel's ambassador to the US, Ron Dermer, speaking to the US media this week, said: “This is not a text that was formulated by the Palestinians or Egypt, but by a western power.”
They stopped short of pointing the finger at the UK or US. We all know that Israel has traditionally been the stepchild of the US. But Obama's Christmas gift to the Israeli's seems to be a break from tradition. The UK support for the UN resolution has already led to reports that a tentatively planned meeting between Theresa May and Netanyahu scheduled for Davos international summit this month has been cancelled.
There have been allegations of the US “Secretly cooking up with Palestinians an extreme anti-Israeli resolution”. President-elect Donald Trump tweeted messages on Wednesday, showing their support for Israel and accusing President Obama of making inflammatory statements and damaging relations between Israel and the United States.
Trump tweeted that they could no longer allow Israel to be treated with disdain and urged Israel to “stay strong” until they take office on Jan. 20. In response Wednesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted: “President-elect Trump, thank you for your warm friendship and your clear-cut support for Israel!” The tweet included Israeli and U.S. flags and tagged two of Trump's children, Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump Jr.
As t2016 ended with Obama's historic administration, another has unfolded with unprecedented political gridlocks along the way for Donald Trump. Trump has their work cut out for him. As we welcomed the New Year, sit tight and be ready for a whole new World Order of political rigmarole.
As for the Syrian crisis, the less said the better. With Trump at the helm, it's time to put on your political shockproof vest. Who said that they were going” to make sure this is a successful transition for the President-elect.?”
Obama has just left a few political grenades in the Oval office for Trump to diffuse. Happy 2017.
Don't forget to turn the lights out, having said goodbye to 2016.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co. said its chairperson and co-founder Wang Jian died after being injured in an accident during a business trip in France.
HNA 000616, -0.29% said Wang, 57 years old, died unexpectedly on Tuesday local time after an accidental fall. They had been traveling in Provence.
In a statement Wednesday, HNA's other co-founder, Chen Feng, and Chief Executive Adam Tan said: “Together we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him, as well as for the many others whose lives they touched through their work and philanthropy.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Tech's ‘dirty secret': The app developers sifting through your Gmail
Why are there so many robocalls? Here's what you can do about them
Write to Stella Yifan Xie at stella.xie@wsj.com
Payroll Services Newsletter is now available with new newsletters coming every two months. Newsletters can be found on our Payroll Services Website (www.payroll.ttu.edu) ) and under your employee tab. Find current news and tips from Payroll Services.
Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Phyllis Taylor
Email:
phyllis.taylor@ttu.edu
Department:
Payroll and Tax Services
Categories
Departmental
MEMBER for Wannon Dan Tehan was in Camperdown on Thursday as part of the mobile office initiative.
They visited Camperdown College to talk to students about resilience before stationing themselves at the Camperdown Post Office to chat with local residents.
“I went to the primary school and spoke to the year three and four class about resilience,” Mr Tehan said.
“They were keen to know about my job and how you work through issues.
“I spent an hour with them, it was very engaging.”
They said the time spent at the post office was an “important way” for them to meet with the community.
Mr Tehan said a number of issues and topics were discussed with them but indicated the general feeling around Camperdown was “positive”.
“There are obviously some ongoing issues with regard to the fires and ensuring we're providing support to those affected,” they said
“(But) generally, it's been about how the community is travelling.”
Mr Tehan also visited Terang later in the day to discuss a proposed upgrade to the Terang Harness Club's facilities.
Israel plans to act against Iran anywhere in Syria, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Wednesday in the midst of talks with Russia over a new understanding with regard to Israel's aerial military actions in Syria.
“We will continue to act against [Iran's] intention to establish a military presence in Syria opposite us, not just opposite the Golan Heights but anywhere in Syria,” Netanyahu said.
They spoke at a public event in Tel Aviv hours before Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman was scheduled to fly to Moscow to hold talks with their Russian counterpart Sergei Shoygu.“The main focus of the security forces has been to prevent Iran and its proxies from entrenching themselves in Syria,” Liberman said.Talks on the issue of Syria are also ongoing between Russia and the United States. American Secretary of State Mike Pompeo spoke by telephone with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov about Syria.In a public statement, Lavrov called for the withdrawal of all non-Syrian forces from Syria's southern border with Israel s soon as possible, the TASS news agency reported.Rebels control stretches of southwest Syria, bordering Israel in the Golan Heights, while Syrian army troops and allied Iran-backed militias hold territory nearby."We have well-known agreements concerning the southwestern de-escalation zone," Lavrov said while speaking Tuesday at the international Primakov Readings Forum in Moscow."Those agreements were concluded by Russia, the United States and Jordan. Israel was perfectly aware of them while they were still being drafted. They stipulate that the zone of de-escalation is expected to consolidate stability and that all non-Syrian forces must be pulled out of that area. I believe this must happen as soon as possible. This is precisely what we are busy with now in cooperation with our Jordanian and US counterparts,” they said, according to TASS.Israel has argued that the 2015 nuclear deal, which removed international sanctions against Iran, gave the Islamic Republic billions of dollars that were invested in regional military action, including in Syria.The US pulled out of the deal early in May, in hopes of pushing Iran to negotiate a better deal. The other five signatories to the deal, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, China and Russia are workmen to salvage the deal.Israel, which has long opposed the deal, is working to sway those countries, particularly Europe, to follow America's lead.To underscore that message, Netanyahu plans to head to Germany, France and Great Britain next week to speak with their counterparts."Next week I am going to Germany, France and Britain. I will meet with Chancellor [Angela] Merkel, President [Emmanuel] Macron and Prime Minister [Theresa] May,” Netanyahu said in Tel Aviv.“I will present them with the latest strategic developments in our region, which are connected to the efforts to halt Iranian aggression in Syria and elsewhere,” Netanyahu said.Israel has contended that the deal strengthens Iran's nuclear program rather than weakens it.“We will not allow Iran to arm itself with nuclear weapons,” Netanyahu added.Reuters contributed to this report.
Every step you take, every move you make, this robot is watching you — but it's not as creepy as it sounds.
A 14-pound companion robot named Kuri can now capture candid photos of moments you might not otherwise memorialize. Inspired by a toddler's view of the world, the tiny bot takes shots from unique angles, learns which photos you like best, then records more of the same.
But don't worry, you can also teach it what not to record.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Introducing Kuri: Does Your Life Need a Home Robot? 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Kuri Vision just lets Kuri do their thing," said Mike Beebe, the CEO of Mayfield Robotics, the tech firm behind the bot.
While Beebe used the pronoun "she," the robot is genderless, according to the company.
"She busts around, looks at you, sees what's happening and at the end of the day, they say, here are eight five-second little bits of video that you may not have even been in the room for but I think they're awesome," Beebe said.
Kuri the robot is adding a new feature called "Kuri Vision," to capture candid moments in your home. Mayfield Robotics
Those moments are captured from Kuri's unique 20-inch-tall vantage point. Beebe told NBC News that part of the inspiration for Kuri Vision came from their 4-year-old son, Thomas, who loves snapping photos of their 18-month old brother, Sam.
Letting Thomas run wild with a digital camera yielded some unique photos from a toddler's perspective, but the ones they took of their brother turned out to be keepers.
They took "one of the best pictures we have of Sam. It's never a perspective we would have had and if it was us taking the photo, we never would have had that," Beebe said. "So we started to play with this idea."
Related: As Robots Learn to Become More Human, Are We More Robotic?
Through machine learning, the app sorts the moments by who's in them, what's happening, and the time of day.
The more photos you like, the more the app learns what kinds of moments you want to see, Beebe said.
Having Kuri Vision can be cute when it's taking photos of Sam playing or a pet's antics, but the idea of welcoming a robot paparazzo into your home can also seem a little disconcerting.
That's where the controls come in, allowing you to designate certain times of day or only certain rooms where Kuri can record in your home.
"You are asking Kuri to be a member of your family," Beebe said. "Since they run around inside your house, control has to go with that for people to feel comfortable. You want the smile to be there."
The app is intuitive, making it easy to like clips you want to keep and delete the ones you don't. Only you see your moments, Beebe said. However, if there's something you like and want to share, the app makes it easy to post the clips on your social network.
11. Shahad Samman
According to their Facebook page, Shahad Sammam was a lawyer and legal adviser at the Tamer Group, and is from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Shahad's younger brother Sulaimain Samman told Al Arabiya that their sister had been waiting for relatives at Reina the night of the attack.
“My 26-year-old sister was waiting for my uncle, their wife and their little daughter at the Reina restaurant in the Ortakoy area, they were in constant contact with us through WhatsApp,” they said.
“The streets were crowded so my uncle and their family were running late, escaping death. They explained that the family members were in Istanbul for business and tourism. Terrorism transformed their happiness to sorrow. What did my innocent sister do to deserve this?” they added.
In some of the last Snapchat posts Shahad uploaded before they died, they wished their followers a year free of agonies and full of love and happiness.
“Soon we will embark on a new beginning, in a new chapter,” they wrote.
More Videos 3:52 Synced 911 call, body cam reveal final moments in real time of Charlotte police killing man with hands raised Pause 0:21 Charlotte police shoot, kill man who had their hands raised 3:03 911 call audio: You hear them tell them to put the gun down. Seconds after police arrive - gunshots. 0:43 Body cam footage shows views from Charlotte officers who shot man with hands raised 2:32 Candlelight vigil for Rueben Galindo 0:26 Killers sentenced in London murders 1:41 Dale Earnhardt Jr. unhappy with Charlotte Motor Speedway track conditions 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it's funny to hear a "female talk about routes" 1:07 Hornets and Lowe's dedicate basketball court at Tuckaseegee Park 3:46 Observer's Jourdan Rodrigue answers fans' questions about the Carolina Panthers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Synced 911 call, body cam reveal final moments in real time of Charlotte police killing man with hands raised GRAPHIC CONTENT: Body cam footage obtained by the Charlotte Observer through a court order reveals that CMPD shot and killed Rueben Galindo, 29, who had called 911 and said they had a gun but no bullets. A dispatcher told officers that a Spanish-speaking man had called and wanted officers to help him. This officers who fired were Courtney Suggs and David Guerra. The 911 audio call between Galindo and the dispatcher in real time reveal the final moments of their life. GRAPHIC CONTENT: Body cam footage obtained by the Charlotte Observer through a court order reveals that CMPD shot and killed Rueben Galindo, 29, who had called 911 and said they had a gun but no bullets. A dispatcher told officers that a Spanish-speaking man had called and wanted officers to help him. This officers who fired were Courtney Suggs and David Guerra. The 911 audio call between Galindo and the dispatcher in real time reveal the final moments of their life.
GRAPHIC CONTENT: Body cam footage obtained by the Charlotte Observer through a court order reveals that CMPD shot and killed Rueben Galindo, 29, who had called 911 and said they had a gun but no bullets. A dispatcher told officers that a Spanish-speaking man had called and wanted officers to help him. This officers who fired were Courtney Suggs and David Guerra. The 911 audio call between Galindo and the dispatcher in real time reveal the final moments of their life.
Johnny Knoxville's eyeball popped out of its socket twice after they were injured while shooting their new film.
The actor and stunt performer has built up a reputation for pulling off some crazy feats over the course of their career, including on the TV show Jackass and in the accompanying movie franchise.
But while they were making their upcoming movie Action Point in South Africa recently, Knoxville hit their head while performing a dangerous stunt, which caused some gruesome damage to their left eye.
“I went (to the emergency room) three times in a five day stretch at one point,” they said during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Tuesday night. “I get home from the emergency room from my second concussion, and I blow my nose, and my left eye pops out of its socket... and I wasn't expecting that. It was like halfway out!”
Knoxville then explained that they tried to poke their eyeball back in place, and rushed back to the hospital. Doctors then discovered that they had an orbital blowout fracture from when they hit their face, and by blowing their nose they blew air behind the eyeball and caused it to move out of place.
The 46-year-old then wore an eyepatch for a couple of days to help the eye heal. But disaster struck once again while Knoxville was hanging out with their pal Chris Pontius, who also stars in the movie.
“We had a couple of drinks one night and we were walking around and they said something funny and I laughed, and for some reason I held my nose and laughed - and I'm not even supposed to sneeze for the next three weeks - so when I held my nose and laughed it pushed my eye back out again,” they sighed.
During the filming of Action Point, about a daredevil who designs and operates their own theme park, Knoxville also ended up with two concussions, a broken hand, a sprained knee and a gash above their right eyebrow, but in spite of the painful injuries, the star has no plans to stop doing dangerous stunts, as “it's still fun”.
Action Point is slated to hit theatres from March next year.
Getty
Natalie Wood's death is the subject of enduring mystery and speculation. That's gone into overdrive with the CBS News program, Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, which airs on February 3, 2018.
However, how did Natalie Wood die? What was their official cause of death? One thing that is known for certain is that Natalie Wood drowned during a night on a yacht in 1981 with their husband, Robert Wagner, and the actor Christopher Walken. The only other person on the boat that night, captain Dennis Davern, now says they heard an argument between Wagner and Natalie right before they vanished. Wagner has maintained that Natalie died in an accidental drowning, perhaps trying to take a dinghy to shore, but he's been labeled “a person of interest” by an investigator.
The key question – and it remains unanswered – is how and why Natalie Wood ended up in the water. As a result, their cause of death has shifted over the years. According to USA Today, Natalia died on Nov. 29, 1981 in Santa Catalina Island, Calif. “After disappearing from a yacht under circumstances that remain murky at best, their body was found hours later, clad in a flannel nightgown, red down jacket and blue socks. The body had floated in the Pacific about a mile away from the yacht and off the island's Blue Cavern Point,” the newspaper reports.
At first, Natalie Wood's cause of death was officially labeled “accidental drowning.” You can read Natalie's autopsy report here. It says Natalie had “numerous bruises to legs and arms.” However, it also said that “foul play is not suspected at this time.”
In 2011, authorities relabeled Natalie's cause of death “drowning and other undetermined factors” in part because of bruises found on their body. The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department reopened the death investigation that year. That happened after Davern, the captain, came forward “claiming they lied to investigators about certain details related to Wood's death,” People Magazine reports. However, two months later, sheriff's officials were again calling the death accidental and saying Wagner was not a suspect. However, the “drowning and other undetermined factors” classification was released a year after the investigation was reopened.
Davern claimed Wagner shouted at Walken: “Do you want to f*** my wife” before smashing a bottle of wine and then later yelled “get off my f***ing boat.”
Marti Rulli, who wrote a book with Davern about what they say happened that night, spoke to First Coast News.
“Dennis knows there was a huge fight on the back of the deck. They heard it. They turned on the music to try to drown out the sound of the fight just to protect them. They loved both of them,” Rulli told the news site on February 2. “Then, when everything went quiet, they went down to the deck immediately and Robert Wagner was right by the swim step and nervous and shaking and said ‘Natalie's missing. Go look for her.' And Dennis did that.”
In 2018, CNN reported that authorities now consider Wood's death to be “suspicious” because new witnesses have come forward. “The statements from these new witnesses differ from the original version of events as related by previous witnesses, including the individuals on the boat,” the sheriff's office said in a statement about the new developments. Specifically, according to CNN, “a witness told investigators there were yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom that night and another witness said a woman and a man were arguing on the back of the boat.”
In their autobiography, Wagner wrote that what happened to Wood was “all conjecture. Nobody knows. There are only two possibilities: either they were trying to get away from the argument, or they were trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened.”
According to The Sun, “People on a nearby boat had reported hearing a woman screaming on the night of the actor' death. Investigators also reportedly found broken glass in the yacht's saloon – which Wagner blamed on rough seas. Forensic evidence later found that there were fingernail scratches on the side of the dinghy.”
Investigator John Corina told 48 Hours “As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's (Wagner) more of a person of interest now. I mean, we know now that they were the last person to be with Natalie before they disappeared. They looked like a victim of an assault. I think it's suspicious enough to make us think that something happened.” Robert Wagner is now 87.
HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (AP) — An Ohio man who sold heroin laced with an elephant tranquilizer that caused more than two dozen overdoses in West Virginia has been sentenced to more than 18 years in federal prison.
Twenty-two-year-old Bruce Lamar Griggs, of Akron, was sentenced Monday in federal court in Huntington.
Authorities have said 28 people overdosed shortly after using heroin sold by Griggs on Aug. 15. Several victims implicated Griggs, who was arrested a week later.
Authorities have said two people died of heroin overdoses in Huntington around that time, but U.S. District Judge Robert Chambers said none of the deaths were from Griggs' sales.
Victims' blood and urine tests showed heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil, an opioid considered 10,000 times stronger than morphine and used as an elephant tranquilizer.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
The drug lord known as El Chapo can hire a high-profile lawyer, but the judge overseeing their case won't guarantee they get paid.
Joaquin Guzman, who has been represented by public defenders, wants private attorney Jeffrey Lichtman to take over. But Guzman's assets are frozen, and there's a risk that the government could seize any legal fees they pay, claiming they're tainted by drug money.
“He's completely locked down so how do they pay us?” Lichtman told NBC News. “He can't just go to their checkbook in their jail cell and say, ‘Here's a check, you're hired.'”
At a hearing on Monday, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said they wouldn't pressure the government to keep its hands off the cash. The accused Mexican cartel leader will instead be allowed to meet with a family member for the first time on Thursday to discuss how to pay the lawyer.
Cogan warned that if Guzman wants to change attorneys, they need to do it soon because they won't delay the trial, which is scheduled to start in April and could put Guzman behind bars for the rest of their life.
“It's very difficult to be ready for an April trial date when we can't come into the case because he's not even be able to meet with their family to arrange our fee,” a frustrated Lichtman said outside court, adding that they still hoped something could be worked out.
“This is still America. The man deserves not only their choice of counsel, but also a fair trial,” they said.
Guzman was extradited to the U.S. in January, a year after they were recaptured following a spectacular 2015 tunnel escape from a Mexican prison. He's charged with running a massive and murderous drug-trafficking operation that helped fuel an American drug epidemic.
He's being held in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day, except for meetings with their lawyers. When they arrived in the courtroom on Monday, they waved to wife Emma Coronel, who married them in 2007 while they were on the lam after their 2001 prison escape in a laundry cart.
The wife of “El Chapo”, Emma Coronel Aispuro, will get to meet with them Thursday. Don Emmert / AFP/Getty Images
During the brief hearing, they looked frequently at the 27-year-old former beauty queen, their twin daughters and other supporters sitting in the second row, emotion crossing their face at times.
Lichtman said that in the last seven months, Guzman has not been allowed to meet with any relatives, including their wife and children, and can't even talk to jail guards because they don't speak any English.
The lawyer — whose past clients include terrorists and John “Junior” Gotti, the son of a mob boss — said the security arrangements were the most stringent he's seen in 27 years of practice.
“You walk to the courthouse and there are helicopters buzzing outside and there are men with automatic weapons with helmets on and it's just for a little guy,” Lichtman told NBC News.
Related:
‘El Chapo' Still in Solitary But Can Write to Wife
“This is a calm, serene guy so the whole thing is bizarre to us, every last aspect of this case,” they said, adding that Guzman's reputation didn't match the man they met in jail.
“He's calm, he's very funny, I mean I had them laughing today. They had tears rolling down their face,” they said. “This is a guy who's supposed to be a mass murderer. You would never think it if you met him.”
The convenience of a soft case with the protection a hard case offers is how Think Tank Photo presents it's new largest solution for carrying big tripods, up to 40” in height.
A good video shot is only as steady as the tripod your camera is sitting on, so it makes sense to protect it as you would your camera or expensive cinema lenses. That's why Think Tank Photo designed the Video Tripod Manager 44 is a well-cushioned, highly rigid rolling case that provides hard case protection with soft case convenience. It is designed to hold cinema-sized tripods, stands, sliders, and/or modifiers up to 40” in height.
The rolling case features robust handles on four sides, so it's easy to load into a vehicle. It is an ideal travel solution as its rectangular shape stacks easily, saving space. Built tough with the quality Think Tank is known for, this roller's crush-resistant ABS twinwall reinforcement provides impact protection. Shock-absorbing wheels roll smoothly and hold up under the toughest conditions. Protective zipper flap will keep zippers running smoothly after years of use.
The new rolling case features the same reference materials Think Thank Photo uses in other products from the company. All fabric exterior is treated with DWR while fabric underside is coated with PU for superior water resistance, 1680D ballistic nylon, YKK RC Fuse (abrasion resistant) zippers, custom designed extra tall skid plates, replaceable shock-absorbing wheels, antique plated metal hardware, nylon seatbelt webbing, 3-ply bonded nylon thread. Internally, 210D silver-toned nylon, 420HD nylon, closed cell foam, open cell foam bolsters, twinwall stiffened divider, belly-o mesh pockets, 3-ply bonded nylon thread are present.
Key features of the Video Tripod Manager 44:
Included lock and cable secure the main compartment and case to a fixed object
Multiple tie-down straps secure tripod, stands or slider when transporting between locations
Coffin-style opening gives unencumbered access to gear
YKK RC Fuse zippers, 1680D ballistic nylon and ABS Twinwall reinforcement are the highest quality materials in the industry
Bolster cushions provide support for different sized gear
ID plate can be registered on the Think Tank website to help locate a lost or stolen bag
Large interior mesh pockets for organizing tools and accessories
Adjustable lid straps keep bag open and accessible
Rear skid rails and tall wheel housings allow easy vehicle loading
Easy-to-clean internal bottom lining for messy shoot locations
Clear pocket for documents and easy identification on top panel
User-replaceable wheels and hardware
With exterior dimensions measuring 12.6” W x 44.5” H x 12.6” D (32 x 113 x 32 cm) for an interior offering 9.8” W x 40.2 H x 9.8” D (25 x 102 x 25 cm), the rolling case has a weight of 17.8 lbs. (8 kg) and is available for $ 349.75.
Was This Post Helpful:
Image copyright Family of Matthew Hitchman Image caption Matthew Hitchman was a "caring, well-liked student who was highly regarded" by pupils and teachers, the school said
An education authority has said lessons will be learned from the death of a sixth-former who fell out of a raft while on a school trip to Ecuador.
Expedition organiser World Challenge is investigating the death of Matthew Hitchman, 17, from the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe, on 6 August.
The group had just completed a trek to the Northern Andes, when Matthew died after falling off an inflatable raft.
Buckinghamshire County Council said it would also learn from the inquest.
Interim executive director of children's services for the council, Gladys Rhodes White, said: "We are deeply shocked and saddened at this dreadful news.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The itinerary of World Challenge trips to Ecuador generally start from the country's capital city Quito
"We are working closely with the school and will provide whatever support is needed to help all those affected by this tragedy.
"The county council provides guidance on school trips to schools, which acknowledges the educational benefits of learning outdoors and explains the processes for minimising the risks.
"Lessons learned about Matthew Hitchman's tragic death from both the World Challenge independent review and the coroner's inquest will inform any future changes to guidance both locally and nationally."
Suzanne Holroyd, a spokesperson with the Outdoor Education Advisers' Panel - which provides school trip advice and training, said they expected the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) would investigate the case and the panel would act on HSE recommendations.
A spokesperson for World Challenge, which organised the trek, told the BBC earlier: "A full independent review is already under way."
The pupils had been working on a community project to provide sustainable tourism income in a remote area of Ecuador.
Not long after they embedded themselves within Pompano Beach's black community, photographer Johanne Rahaman was invited to a 115-year-old grandmother's birthday party. There, at a rental hall in Pompano's Old Town neighborhood, they witnessed a Haitian ritual that surprised her: Grandma Doris-Lee, whom the family affectionately called Grandor, was busy having five- and 20-dollar bills pinned to their dress by a granddaughter. The granddaughter leaned over and — snap! — Rahaman's photograph caught the moment Grandor received a smooch on the cheek.
Snapshots of tenderness and warmth are common in Rahaman's ongoing photo project “Black Florida,” in which they travel the state to capture the dignity of low-income and working-class African-Americans. For the past three years in Liberty City, Overtown, Fort Lauderdale and as far north as Palatka, outside St. Augustine, Rahaman has been photographing urban lives to challenge one-dimensional depictions of poor black communities on TV and in film. For their new Pompano Beach series, opening Thursday, Feb. 16, at the Bailey Contemporary Arts gallery, Rahaman presents 72 documentary-style portraits and landscapes shot between October and Feb. 5.
“Most of the films I've seen about Miami tend to focus on South Beach and glamorize it, but it's not the entire story of Miami,” says Rahaman, of Miami and by day an office administrator for a Miami Beach real-estate firm. “The stories you find are so bittersweet, and full of love and full of the soft beauty of life that you'd never expect to see in a gritty neighborhood.”
Rahaman, who taught themselves photography after immigrating to Miami from Trinidad and Tobago in 1996, says driving around Miami-Dade and Broward countie's African-American enclaves reminds them of home. Growing up in Trinidad's Laventille ward, Rahaman says they didn't realize their neighborhood was a slum until they became a teenager.
I want to focus on people you wouldn't normally hear from, whose stories are untold. — Johanne Rahaman
So far, Rahaman has documented 16 Florida cities. Candid images from their Pompano Beach travels appear in color and black-and-white photographs in the gallery: a boy pausing between blows of their trumpet during a street parade; a shirtless man with dreadlocks laughing as a Swap Shop banner catches the afternoon sunlight in the background; a man picking through a vegetable patch; an elderly woman dressed in their Sunday best beaming at Rahaman's camera as they exit a church; a 91-year-old woman, born and raised in Pompano Beach, suffering from the earliest stages of dementia; and a boy, learning to make breakfast for the first time, whipping egg yolks in a Tupperware container.
“I want to focus on people you wouldn't normally hear from, whose stories are untold, but are just as important,” says Rahaman, whose series is financed by the Economic Hardship Reporting Project, a nonprofit supporting photojournalists reporting on poverty in America.
More vital than these postcards of black life are the stories Rahaman learns by spending weeks with Pompano Beach families. The one lingering strongest in their memory is Sally Mobley, a grandmother who moved from Georgia to Pompano Beach as a child to pick beans. To save their younger sister from the same fate, Mobley dropped out of grade school and worked in the fields full-time, while their sister finished high school and college. Them grandson is Al Harris, a retired Seattle Seahawks cornerback, whose football photo they proudly display in their living room.
“It takes awhile to get into a complete stranger's living room, much less their bedroom,” Rahaman says, pointing to an image of Mobley rifling through clothing in their closet. “I prefer to work slow, organically, to take my time getting to know people.”
Bailey Contemporary Arts director Sarah M. Benichou says the show, timed to coincide with Black History Month, says Rahaman's series highlights the city's “hard-working humanity.”
“In every portrait, you see hard-working people in their day-to-day, and that interaction helps us see their humanity instead of people who are forgotten or overlooked,” Benichou says.
“Black Florida: Pompano Beach” will open with a reception 6-9 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 16, at Bailey Contemporary Arts, 41 NE First St., in Pompano Beach. The exhibit will close March 3. Admission is free. Call 954-284-0141 or go to BaileyArts.org.
pvalys@southflorida.com or 954-356-4364
By Jason Herring, February 2 2018 —
The Wikipedia article about Elizabeth Cannon might show you why professors don't want their students citing the online, crowd-sourced encyclopedia.
The page, which when accessed on Feb. 2 describes Cannon in its first paragraph as “the leader of one of Canada's top research universities” and “a passionate advocate of higher education to drive innovation, leadership and community engagement.” It also apparently violates Wikipedia's standards of neutrality and fairness for biographies of living persons — the website describes Cannon's page as an “advertisement.”
Above: Cannon's Wikipedia page as it appeared on Feb. 2.
The architects of the page's current content are the users behind the IP addresses 136.159.160.2, 136.159.160.3 and 136.159.160.4, whose geolocations place them on the same subnet within the University of Calgary's internet service provider. Shortly before edits from within the U of C started, Cannon's page was a biography adhering to Wikipedia standards that also included information on the Enbridge scandal and the U of C's lawsuit with the Students' Union over ownership of MacHall.
On Dec. 22, 2015, a user with a U of C IP address altered information in the paragraphs about Enbridge and MacHall to include updates sourced and copied verbatim from the U of C's in-house UToday publication.
On Jan. 4, 2016, a user with a U of C IP address deleted all reference to the Enbridge scandal and the MacHall lawsuit, with a comment on the edit saying that “findings of the independent review affirm President Elizabeth Cannon acted with integrity in all matters related to the Centre for Corporate Sustainability,” verbatim with a statement released weeks earlier by the U of C Board of Governors vice-chair Gord Ritchie
Above: A selection of edits to Cannon's Wikipedia page by U of C IP addresses.
Cannon's page went through a complete overhaul one week later on Jan. 11, 2016, when the biographical elements of the page were replaced by content heavily focusing on Cannon's achievements.
The page has since remained largely the same, with a few attempts by non-Calgary Wikipedia users to alter the article. One user removed some of the article, commenting that “several paragraphs of superfluous praise for Dr. Cannon were removed in order to make the article more objective and less opinionated.” Another removed almost all of the article, citing its similarity to the school's official biography of Cannon on its website. In the second instance, which took place on Oct. 6, 2017, a user with a U of C IP address restored the contents of the article twice.
Above: A revision to Cannon's Wikipedia page by a U of C IP address that removes reference to the MacHall lawsuit and the Enbridge scandal.
Cannon's current Wikipedia article, as of Feb. 2, contains a disclaimer that it “contains content that is written like an advertisement,” calling for users to improve it. On the article's discussion page, one user notes that mention of the Enbridge scandal “seems to have been wiped from Wikipedia entirely.”
The U of C did not comment by press time.
A full revision history of Cannon's Wikipedia page can be found here.
Comments
The 49ers are starting over again. After finishing the 2016 season at 2-14, team CEO Jed York fired coach Chip Kelly, meaning San Francisco will be hiring its fourth head coach in as many seasons.
York, who took over as team president in 2008, has turned what has been one of the best organizations in sports over the last 35 years (and one that made three consecutive NFC title games from 2011-2013) into the laughing stock of the NFL. Yes, even more so than the Browns, who actually seem to be heading into a particular direction now. That takes some work.
They started by running Jim Harbaugh out of town after four seasons. The team was successful, but Harbaugh clashed with both York and GM Trent Baalke. Next came the unforgettable Jim Tomsula era, which hit its peak when ESPN put this graphic on the air during their first game.
The former doormat salesperson (If the Yorks ever decide to sell the 49ers, they would also be doormat salespersons, heyoo!) was jettisoned after just one season. Kelly had just one season on the sideline, as well, and this time Baalke followed the coach out the door.
(Quick aside: I've never really understood the firing both the coach/GM move, especially when they weren't brought into together. Was the roster not good enough, or was the coach not getting enough out of it? It was clearly the former in San Francisco, but I digress.)
“I just think it's time for us to re-establish a championship culture,” York told The MMQB's Peter King. “In order to do that, I thought we had to clean house.”
Most would say that championship culture had already been established when Harbaugh was in town, but York apparently wants that culture forged on their own terms. Or maybe they just wanted to make sure they were getting enough credit for landing the franchise its sixth Lombardi Trophy. That wasn't going to happen with a guy like Harbaugh in town.
York is very familiar with the “star owner” archetype. Their uncle, Eddie Debartolo Jr., was one of the more prominent faces of the franchise during the halcyon days of the 80s and 90s, and they were eventually elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame for their work. If that's what York wants, he's not going to get it by shuffling head coaches every season.
York never really gave Kelly a chance. The lack of talent on the roster combined with horrible injury luck killed any shot they had of succeeding in Year 1, but there were signs of progress. The offense played well in spurts, and Colin Kaepernick looked like a solid NFL starter for the first time since the Harbaugh era.
Colin Kaepernick finished season with 16 TDs, 4 INTs and a passer rating of 90.7 — their best since 2013, their first full season as starter. — Matt Maiocco (@MaioccoCSN) January 2, 2017
RB Carlos Hyde produced their best season as a pro despite dealing with multiple injuries throughout the year. Jeremy Kerley, who was picked up a week before the season started, was the team's leading receiver, and Kelly still managed to churn out a higher offensive DVOA than teams with respected offensive coaches like Gary Kubiak, Bill O'Brien and Hue Jackson. Kelly was NOT the problem.
There are some pissed off 49er assistant coaches: "What record did York expect us to hit this season?" one just told me prior to kickoff — Kevin Jones (@Mr_KevinJones) January 1, 2017
The problem is a roster devoid of talent — mostly due to the fact that York was so committed to Baalke, who let the depth chart rot after the departure of personnel man Scot McCloughan. It doesn't matter if the next Vince Lombardi is on the sideline next year, the 49ers are years away from challenging for a spot in the playoffs. And York has nobody other than themselves to blame for that fact.
Preston Doerflinger is the acting head of the Oklahoma State Department of Health. (KTEN)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- The acting head of the Oklahoma State Department of Health says a $30 million cash infusion from the Legislature will help pay vendors and fund layoffs at the agency, but that more systemic changes are needed to permanently stabilize the agency after years of mismanagement.
Acting Oklahoma Health Commissioner Preston Doerflinger made the comments Monday during more than two hours of testimony before a House panel looking into the agency's budget problems.
Doerflinger announced last week that 198 employees at the department would be laid off to reduce costs. They say some of the $30 million will be used to give laid-off employees a cash payment equal to 18 months of health insurance premiums.
Doerflinger also urged lawmakers to consider whether that 18-month insurance payment should be required.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - The NCAA plans to double the number of teams it seeds in its Division I baseball tournament to 16, hoping to provide a more equitable competitive balance.
The organization announced the move Friday and it will take effect for the 2018 tournament. The change will allow the baseball tournament to follow the same seeding principles used by other sports that have at least 64 postseason participants.
The NCAA says that under the current format, with only eight seeded teams, the ninth-best could be paired against the No. 1 seed in the super regional round. With the change, a top seed will face the No. 16 seed.
The change was approved last week at a meeting of the Division I Competition Oversight Committee in Indianapolis.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SPRINGFIELD – Shopping for back to school? Did you forget something?
How about checking those vaccine records and making sure your child is completely ready for school?
“Time is running out to get your child's immunizations up-to-date before the school bells ring once again,” said Dr. J. Michael Klatte, a pediatric infectious diseases specialist at Baystate Children's Hospital.
August is National Immunization Awareness Month, which provides an opportunity to highlight the need for improving immunization coverage levels locally and across the country.
Getting vaccinated according to the recommended immunization schedule is one of the most important things a parent can do to protect their child's health. Diseases can quickly spread among groups of children who aren't vaccinated. Whether it's a baby starting at a new child care facility, a toddler heading to preschool, a student going back to elementary, middle or high school – or even a college first-year student – parents should check their child's vaccination records.
Child care facilities, preschool programs, schools and colleges are prone to outbreaks of infectious diseases. Children in these settings can easily spread illnesses to one another due to poor handwashing, not covering their mouths when they cough, and other factors such as interacting in crowded environments.
When children are not vaccinated, they are at increased risk for disease and can spread disease to others in their play groups, child care centers, classrooms and communities – including babies who are too young to be fully vaccinated and people with weakened immune systems due to cancer and other health conditions.
Additionally, states may require children who are entering child care or school to be vaccinated against certain diseases. Colleges and universities may have their own requirements, especially for students living in residence halls. Parents should check with their child's doctor, school or the local health department to learn about the requirements in their state or county.
Most vaccines are given during the first five to six years of life, when children are most vulnerable to infections. Other immunizations are recommended during adolescent or adult years and, for certain vaccines, booster immunizations are recommended throughout life.
According to Dr. Klatte, by state law, children must be up-to-date on their required immunizations in order to start school. 2017-2018 immunization requirements as listed by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health (MA DPH) include:
Two prior doses of measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine for entry into any grade level ranging from kindergarten through college graduate studies (including health science students).
Two doses of varicella (chicken pox) vaccine for entry into any grade level ranging from kindergarten through college graduate studies (including health science students), unless one has documented evidence of immunity or a history of varicella confirmed by a physician
One dose Tdap for entry into any grade level ranging from grade seven through college graduate studies (including health science students).
The Tdap booster dose – recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for preteens at ages 11 or 12 years – provides protection against tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis (whooping cough). Children initially receive protection against these bacteria with the DTaP vaccine, which loses its protective effectiveness over time. As a result, preteens and teens need to get a Tdap booster dose. This is important not only to protect them, but also those around them – especially babies and the elderly.
According to the CDC, all preteens 11-12 years old need one dose of Tdap vaccine, one dose of meningococcal vaccine (to help prevent against bacterial meningitis), and three doses of HPV vaccine to be fully protected against these serious diseases. A second dose of meningococcal vaccine is also necessary at age 16. The MA DPH (via the Massachusetts HPV Initiative) and the CDC urge health care professionals to give a strong recommendation for all of the adolescent vaccines recommended for boys and girls ages 11 or 12 years, and to recommend HPV vaccine as they would Tdap and meningococcal vaccines.
“I am always asked by parents if vaccines are safe for their children, largely because of inaccurate information found on the internet and elsewhere, which attempts to link autism to vaccinations. My answer to them is that vaccines are the only scientifically proven safe and effective way to protect their child from serious and sometimes deadly diseases,” said Dr. Klatte.
Parents should follow the vaccination schedule provided by the CDC, which is designed by experts to ensure maximum protection and safety for children at various ages. You can find schedules online at www.aap.org/immunization or www.cdc.gov/vaccines/schedules/.
For more information on Baystate Children's Hospital, visit www.baystatehealth.org/bch.
Stocks are down and cracks are starting to appear.
This time last year -- heading into March quarter earnings season -- Baidu Inc. was the dunce of the China internet party and its three closest competitors were clear winners.
Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Tencent Holdings Ltd. were both up more than 25 percent for the year to date and JD.com Inc. was the belle of the ball with a gain of almost 34 percent. Baidu was the token guest with an advance of just 7 percent.
Then ... Heading into earnings season for the March quarter of 2017, investors bid up JD.com but didn't love Baidu Source: Bloomberg
Driving these stocks was a sense of invincibility and optimism. They were riding high on China's growing consumer spending with very little standing in their way. Things were so good that even JD.com was about to announce its first quarterly profit.
By year's end, Tencent shares had doubled and a second-half boost saw even Baidu finish up 42 percent.
This year investors are far less sanguine. JD.com returned to losses, and cracks have started to appear in the armor of both Alibaba and Tencent. Baidu's turnaround story continues, but investors are yet to be convinced. That's led to declines across the board, with JD.com the biggest loser and Baidu the relative outperformer.
... and Now A year later, investors have shown their disdain for Chinese tech giants Source: Bloomberg
A month ago, when Tencent's stock was bubbling near record highs, I warned of margin pressure at the operating level. Tencent boosted operating income by bundling in one-time gains, which I think it shouldn't. The stock has since dropped 15 percent although there's a dearth of sell-side analysts brave enough to blow the whistle on this structural change, one which calls into question economies of scale for its business model.
I have similar concerns about Alibaba. The company's R&D budget continues to fall while its marketing spending skyrocketed in the December quarter. That's a sign founders Jack Ma and Joe Tsai are desperate to pump web users through its internet machine and Alibaba needs to pony up more money to make that happen. Technology is secondary. And lest we forget, Alibaba is a content company -- making money from ads -- not an e-commerce firm built on commissions from transactions.
As for Baidu and JD.com, well they're both still searching for business models that will bring long-term stable growth.
Worth Recent share prices for major Chinese internet stocks makes their valuations a little tamer than in the past Source: Bloomberg
If you look at long-term price-earnings trends, this recent share-price decline doesn't make them seem undervalued. In fact, it appears investors have knocked these stocks back a few pegs but aren't yet ready to desert them entirely. Capital Research & Management Co. is a good example. It trimmed the Alibaba stake in its Growth Fund of America by 15 percent by the end of March, but still held more than 6.2 million shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
As China's internet giants report earnings, investors should watch closely to see if any more cracks appear or whether management has found a way to patch holes in their business models.
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — Police responded Monday morning to a report of an assault that took place at Blue Valley Academy.
Johnson County Fire said they received a call that one person was assaulted shortly before 10 a.m.
They did not provide details on what led to the incident, nor did they specify the extent of the victim's injuries, saying only that the injuries were considered minor.
The victim was reportedly taken to KU Hospital.
FOX 4 will have more information as details become available. Check back for more updates.
× Lee's Summit North H.S. students witness shooting during Spanish class field trip to Kansas City
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A group of Lee's Summit North students on a field trip for their Spanish class witnessed violence Friday afternoon when a store clerk shot a robber at Royal Liquors, 801 Southwest Blvd.
That account comes from a parent whose teenager was on the field trip.
Police say two men went into the liquor store to rob it but the clerk pulled out a gun of his/her own and shot one of the suspects. Both fled. Police say they are looking for the wounded suspect as well as the accomplice.
The students from Lee's Summit North went into a nearby bakery to get away from all the commotion. The parent who contacted FOX 4 but wanted to remain anonymous said their child and classmates saw two men in ski masks leave the store and fire a weapon.
They said the chaperones got the kids on the bus and ‘out of there asap.'
One week ago on September 29th, Lee's Summit North students were shocked and grieved when a 17-year-old girl took their life at the school.
FOX 4 is following the story and will have more than new information comes in.
MESA, Ariz. – Infielders and outfielders aren't required to be at spring training this early, but there was no way you were keeping outfielder Andrew Lambo away from the A's camp Tuesday.
Related Articles Vogt, Phegley see huge upside in Jesse Hahn's return to health
Sonny Gray enthusiastic about chance to pitch for the USA in WBC
A's Josh Phegley optimistic that he's got things square now Lambo missed most of last season while battling testicular cancer, and in December they got word from their doctor, Leslie Ballas at USC, that they were cleared to play baseball again. It's not that they won't need more checkups – cancer being a particularly nasty foe – but now Lambo has their life back.
Physical exams were mostly just for pitchers, catchers and staff Tuesday with the first workout set for Wednesday, but Lambo was squeezed in because both they and the A's wanted it.
“Everything went well,” Lambo said with a grin that stretched to the Grand Canyon. “Out of everyone in this clubhouse, I probably have had more physicals and doctors look at me than anybody. So hopefully I've checked that box after seven months of nothing much going on.”
Once Ballas could tell Lambo mid-December to take a hike, that they wouldn't need to see them again for six months, the outfielder's world changed.
“It was definitely a celebration,” Lambo said of getting the news. “But it was more of just that I could breathe a little bit. Before that, I was more `what if.' That was more like, `hey you're in the clear for now.' I definitely took a deeper breath.”
Now he's just another guy in the clubhouse, and they wouldn't have it any other way.
“The one thing we know is that nobody's going to look at you differently,” Lambo said. “We all go through different journeys and life experiences. We get that dry baseball sense of humor, which is what we miss. It's good to be back around guys who could really care less. Compared to what I went through, guys have gone through worse surgeries on their bodies than anything I went through.
“I'm excited.”
NOTES
A former Utah politician was reported missing Saturday after they failed to return from running on a remote trail, police said.
St. George police say that Chad Bennion, 52, left Saturday at around 4 p.m. to run on a trail and was last seen wearing running pants and a white T-shirt. Bennion is a white male, about 5-feet 9-inches tall and weighs 170 pounds, according to Fox 13 Now.
Police say that Bennion is an avid runner who likes to run on remote trails in southern Utah. According to the St. George News, they were out for a run while visiting their family on New Year's Eve.
“When we tried to ping their cell phone it hit a tower on North Bluff,” St. Georges police Lt. Joseph Hartman told the St. George News. “But they couldn't pinpoint it any more accurate than that. It could be within 3, 4, 5 or 10 miles, we don't know.”
Police said their vehicle, a 2002 Oldsmobile Bravada, has not been found. The vehicle's license plate number is X413GX.
#missingperson Chad Bennion. If u have any info please call 435-627-4300 and ref. 16p032570 pic.twitter.com/bvl4qxvKYF — St George Police (@sgcitypubsafety) January 1, 2017
The Salt Lake Tribune reported that Bennion was an elite runner in the 1990s and sought to run for the U.S. Olympic Team in the 1992 Games in Barcelona. They finished 14th in trials.
Bennion had represented several parts of Utah in the state Legislature from 1999 to 2005. They won a Salt Lake County election to become the county's Republican Party chairperson in 2013.
Bennion resigned from their position in 2014 after they were charged with six misdemeanor counts of domestic violence in an altercation with their then-wife, who they were about to divorce.
The case was resolved after pleading abeyance to a disorderly conduct count and agreeing to take an anger management class, according to court records. The rest of the charges were dismissed.
Click for more from Fox 13 Now.
Humans have been trying to conquer malaria, Zika, dengue, and other mosquito-borne diseases for centuries. But with malaria alone still claiming more than 1 million lives every year, it's clear we have a long fight ahead.
But now there's a new weapon in the war against mosquitoes, and it's not a vaccine or a new insecticide — it's aerial drones.
On the east African island of Zanzibar, drones are being used to map the small, often hidden pools of water where mosquitos breed, so they can be sprayed to kill larvae before they mature.
At Rutgers University in New Jersey, engineers are developing “skeetercopters” that can detect and map mosquito-infested sites from the air — and douse them with insecticide.
A new master of accountancy program, the first and only program of its kind in the state, was approved by the Tennessee Tech board of trustees and will launch in the fall.
“The creation and delivery of the MAcc is in line with our strategic priorities to create new programs of study that serve the needs of business, increase student and faculty engagement with the professional community, and provide graduates with a wide variety of relevant skills and abilities,” said Thomas Payne, dean of the college of business.
Tech's master of accountancy is a 30-hour program with a one-year or two-year track. It was designed to allow students to simultaneously earn a master's degree and sit for the CPA exam. It includes online coursework with on-campus residency experiences while providing CPA exam preparation and professional interaction.
“We believe that this program will be a ‘game-changer' for our program,” said Richard Rand, chairperson of the accounting department. “Adding a MAcc to our already successful and highly respected undergraduate accounting program leverages our capabilities and allows us to offer a full range of professional education and preparation to our students.
“In addition, we believe that this program gives our students access to a broader job market, and it raises the visibility of our program and our students for potential employers. Most importantly, accounting students at Tech finally have access to a program that is exceptionally appropriate for their educational pathway.”
Taylor Thompson, who recently earned an accounting degree at Tech, is one of the first students to sign up for the MAcc.
“When I found out the program was happening, I was happy to know I could continue the professional relationship with my professors. They have become mentors to me and I couldn't ask for a better a faculty,” said Thompson. “With the curriculum, it increases the chances of passing the CPA exam as well.”
The MAcc was the first academic program approved by Tech's new Board of Trustees. It was also approved by the Tennessee Higher Education Commission.
“We are proud to be the first academic program to be approved by the new Tech Board of Trustees,” said Rand. “We believe that we are uniquely positioned to serve a particular segment of the Tennessee student population and we are anxious to get started. At the same time, we understand that we have a great responsibility to insure that this program is everything we promised it would be. And we know that the Board will be watching.”
For more information, visit tntech.edu/cob/macc or email questions to maccstudies@tntech.edu.
WASHINGTON: The White House signaled a sharp break with decades of support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Tuesday, on the eve of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the White House.
A senior White House official said the United States would no longer seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the official said on condition of anonymity.
“Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want.”
“That's going to be up to them, we are not going to dictate what the terms of peace are going to be,” said the official.
President Trump hosts Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday, and is expected to express their desire to help broker a solution to the conflict.
They have already tapped son-in-law Jared Kushner and lawyer Jason Greenblatt to lead their peace drive.
But major questions remain about how Trump will achieve that goal.
For the better part of half a century, successive US governments — both Republican and Democrat — have backed a two-state solution. It was the basis of peace talks at Oslo and Camp David.
But since coming to office in late January, Trump has sought to show that the United States is an unwavering ally of Israel and tried to draw a contrast with the policies of President Barack Obama.
Netanyahu won re-election in 2015 by insisting they would not accept the creation of a Palestinian state, a vow that considerably soured relations with the Obama White House.
Obama often warned that Israeli settlement construction could make a two-state solution impossible, and that a one state solution would put the future of the Jewish state in question.
Trump has shied away from criticizing Netanyahu's settlement policies as an impediment to peace, instead offering Israel some scope to build on land already under development.
“The construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal,” the White House said in a statement earlier this month.
Saeb Erakat, a senior Palestinian official, said it was not enough for Trump to say settlements were “unhelpful” but they must order an end to new building.
Netanyahu arrived in Washington on Monday, dined with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday and after their White House talks with Trump on Wednesday will meet lawmakers.
Aside from winning support for policies that will help them at home, the Israeli leader will also want to get the measure of Trump's appetite for better relations with Russia.
Trump has signaled their willingness to work with Russia to defeat the Daesh group in Syria.
That could de facto mean furthering the goals of Russian allies Bashar Assad and Iran.
Israel sees Iran and its Lebanese ally the Hezbollah militia as its greatest existential threat, a view shared by the leaders of the main Sunni Arab states of the region.
Dennis Ross, a US diplomat who worked on Middle East policy under both Republican and Democratic administrations, said Netanyahu's diplomatic goals would at first be modest.
Israel wouldn't oppose a rapprochement with Moscow in itself, but would urge Washington to use this as leverage to push Russia away from Iran.
“What he'd like to see is a distancing of Russia from Iran within Syria, maybe more of a move toward Turkey and less toward Iran in Syria,” Ross told reporters on Monday.
Trump appears to have back-pedaled on a campaign threat to tear up Obama's Iran nuclear deal, which Israel bitterly opposed, but their administration has “put Iran on notice.”
This appears to mean a more robust stance against military provocations and a determination to impose tough sanctions on Iran's missile program and covert support for militants.
Observers expect Trump and Netanyahu to get on well in public. Both have much to gain politically from marking a clean break from the Obama years.
But, personal chemistry aside, the pair will only make the relationship a success if it overcomes the disagreement that poisoned ties under Obama.
Enrico Lopez-Yañez will conduct the family friendly concert. Pre-concert activities will include a performance by the Cumberland Arts Academy Suzuki Players, the Lebanon High School choir and the Nashville Symphony's instrument petting zoo. Pre-concert activities will begin at 5:30 p.m.
Guests may bring food, however, food trucks featuring Two Fat Men Catering and Blue Moon Barbecue will be on hand. Guests are also encouraged to bring lawn chairs or a blanket. Admission to the event will be free.
The Cumberland Portrait Preservation Committee will have refreshments from 5-7 p.m. in Baird Chapel and Memorial Hall to allow people to preview the portraits of Cumberland's early leaders on display.
In case of inclement weather, the concert will take place in the Dallas Floyd Gymnasium on Cumberland University's campus.
Jim Young / Reuters ID: 10903739
WASHINGTON — The Arkansas Supreme Court put on hold both executions that had been scheduled for Monday night in the state — the first two of eight planned in the next two weeks.
Moments later, however, a federal appeals court overturned a district court's weekend ruling that put all eight scheduled executions on hold due to the state's execution protocol.
Absent a change in the Arkansas Supreme Court stays for Bruce Ward and Don Davis, that means no executions will happen in the state on Monday.
But the federal court decision means the state will continue attempts to carry out executions in the coming days. The state's governor, Asa Hutchinson, scheduled the eight executions — two a night on four nights in a 10-day period — to take place before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month.
The Arkansas Supreme Court previously granted a stay of execution for Ward on a claim that they lack the competency to face execution. The state asked the court to reconsider the stay, but the court has not yet ruled on the request.
On Monday, the court granted an additional stay to Ward and a stay for Davis on a claim that their executions should both be stayed pending the outcome of a case before the US Supreme Court currently, McWilliams v. Dunn. McWilliams will address whether the expert assistance an indigent defendant is provided at trial must be independent of the prosecution.
In their argument in favor of the stay, lawyers for Davis and Ward wrote that both men “have been denied this right.”
Although lawyers for the inmates said in a statement that the stays mean “[t]here will be no executions tonight,” the coming days likely will involve significant additional litigation following a ruling against the inmates on their federal claim that the state's execution protocol — which uses the sedative midazolam — is unconstitutional.
The US Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit — sitting en banc, meaning the whole appeals court — ruled 7-1 against the inmates in ending the stay of execution entered by the district court.
This is a developing story. Please check back at BuzzFeed News for the latest.
Score one for President Trump.
A Manhattan federal judge on Friday threw out of court a lawsuit that claimed Trump had no legal authority to appoint an interim head of a Wall Street watchdog.
The Lower East Side People's Credit Union had asked the court to block the White House's move to install Mick Mulvaney as the interim boss of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which monitors credit cards, loans, and other consumer financial products, because it violated the agency's rules.
But Judge Paul G. Gardephe, in a 20-page decision, said the credit union didn't have standing to challenge the appointment.
“Plaintiff's standing cannot be premised on the CFPB's stated intent to engage in rulemaking,” Gardephe wrote.
The CFPB has been at the center of a political firestorm since November, when its former director resigned abruptly and appointed their chief of staff, Leandra English, to an interim director position.
That set up a challenge to the White House, which had appointed Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget who has been extremely critical of the agency.
The win is the second for Trump in their battle for control of the agency. A separate case challenging Mulvaney's appointment, filed in Washington, DC, was also dismissed. That case is on appeal.
“We are disappointed in the court's ruling and respectfully disagree with it,” Ilann M. Maazel, a lawyer for the credit union, said in a statement.
“We are evaluating our options in this extremely important case.”
Turnbull made the speech at the Midwinter Ball fundraiser hosted by the media at Parliament House in Canberra on Wednesday night.
Both the prime minister and opposition leader traditionally give off the record speeches, where they joke about politicians and the press.
Audio of Turnbull's speech, leaked to Nine's political editor Laurie Oakes, shows the prime minister doing an unflattering impression of the US president.
"The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls," Turnbull joked.
"We are winning so much. We are winning like we have never won before. We are winning in the polls, we are."
They added: "Not the fake polls. Not the fake polls. They're the ones we're not winning in. We're winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. They are so easy to win. I know that, did you know that? I kind of know that. They are so easy to win. I have this Russian guy. Believe me it's true. It is true."
Turnbull also joked about the pair's famously frosty first phone call when Trump reportedly hung up on the PM. Trump described it as the "the worst call by far" they had made after becoming president.
"It was beautiful," Turnbull said of the pair's first face to face meeting, in New York. "It was the most beautiful putting-me-at-ease ever."
During the May meeting Trump praised Australia's universal health system Medicare, saying it was better than what the US had to offer.
Trump has previously accused Turnbull of attempting to export "the next Boston bombers" to America through the refugee swap deal negotiated by president Obama. The US president described the agreement, which would see the US take in 1,200 refugees from Australia's offshore detention centres, as "the worst deal ever".
0:30 Scumbag hits pony in the face with a piece of wood Video has surfaced from England of a man striking a pony in the face with a piece of wood. Connie Mullane, shown assaulting the animal, was given a lifetime ban from keeping horses and faces 24 weeks in prison if they commit another offense over the next two years.
0:53 Distracted phone addict wanders into a parking garage elevator and gets mowed down A woman in China accidentally walked into a parking garage while looking at their phone. Once the door closed behind her, they were taken down a level by the car elevator, and was struck by an oncoming vehicle, pinning them against the wall.
0:55 Dramatic video shows workers trying to save racehorses from blazing fires As fires sweep across Southern California, hundreds of thousands of people are being forced to evacuate. Unable to leave on their own, many racehorses needed to be saved by workers, who had to coax the scared animals out of their stables before the flames overwhelmed them.
0:49 Crook walks away with AR-15 rifle from unlocked cop car Police in Florida have released footage of a suspect stealing from a parked cop car. The crook made off with an AR-15, ammunition, a police vest and a Taser. Authorities are still trying to identify the suspect.
1:00 Atlanta news anchor responds on-air to ‘N-word' email Sharon Reed, a local newscaster in Atlanta, put an angry viewer on blast, after the woman called them a “n----r” in an email. Reed responded to the hate-filled message by reading it on-air, saying, “I'll let your words, Kathy Rae, speak for themselves.” Reed added on Facebook: “Not the first time I've been called that word.”
0:40 Brawl breaks out over lack of nuggets at McDonald's A customer visiting a Liverpool, England, McDonald's in the early hours of the morning didn't react well to the restaurant's lack of McNuggets. An employee was suspended after video of the ensuing fight surfaced that showed them head-butting a customer.
0:28 Train crashes into stalled car on tracks “Stop!” yelled onlookers at a train station in Florida, as the Tri-Rail train hit a car stalled on the tracks. According to West Palm Beach police, there were no injuries.
1:22 9-year-old ‘Pink Panther' boxing girl packs a mean punch This 9-year-old boxer from Ukraine may be the sport's next great fighter. Kira Makogonenko started training with their dad, Artem, just a year ago. They now have nine wins under their belt. “First I need to win the Olympics and then go into professional boxing,” the confident kid said. “I'd like to break a record of winning the Olympics three times in boxing.”
0:57 Shocking footage shows dramatic crash, teens fleeing from scene A Connecticut police car's dashcam captured the shocking moment when a group of juvenile suspects smashed a stolen vehicle into an SUV, causing serious injuries to a family of three. The suspects fled on foot, and police are still looking for information on their identities.
Let me make this perfectly clear: Israel is a sovereign state with the undeniable right to defend its borders and control the entry of immigrants. Therefore, Israel had the right to build a fence along its Egyptian border. Completed in December 2012, the fence stopped the massive inflow of Sudanese and Eritrean asylum seekers coming into Israel between 2007 and 2012. So far so good.
However, the government proclaimed that the mighty fence was not sufficient. Israel also needed to apply harsh policies to those already here, to discourage hundreds of thousands of African economic migrants from flocking to Israel. By the end of 2017, there were virtually no Africans, or anybody else, entering Israel through the Sinai. The number of African asylum seekers in the country, which had soared over 60,000 in 2012, dwindled to less than 40,000.
Here, the narrative becomes a bit bizarre.Although Israel had firm control of its land, sea and air entry points, government officials warned that lenient policies would attract African migrants who would find ingenious ways to enter the country.Somehow, they would be more clever, resourceful and successful in infiltrating our borders than Hamas with its multi-million-dollar tunnels. Desperate African migrants might even disguise themselves as Ukrainians or Georgians and get tourist visas to enter Israel by plane.One of the major proofs that African asylum seekers in Israel are economic migrants and not refugees, which has become a mantra of government officials and those defending pro-deportation policies, rests on the following syllogism: a) most African economic migrants to Europe are single males in their early 20s and 30s; b) most Eritrean and Sudanese African asylum seekers also come from the same age group; and c) therefore, most of them are also economic migrants. Sounds logical.But what if we said: a) monkeys are featherless bipeds, b) human beings are featherless bipeds, so therefore c) human beings are monkeys. Would you believe that you are indeed a monkey?Age is not the primary test of one's status as economic migrant or refugee. The conditions in their home countries, and their reasons for leaving are the primary tests determining status.Economic migrants primarily leave their homes to seek better economic opportunities elsewhere. Refugees flee to escape discrimination, persecution and oppression, to seek freedom and protection elsewhere.Surely, we must believe our prime minister when they insist that Israel has no, or almost no, refugees. Have they ever lied to us? Why would real African refugees bother to come to Israel, a nation of Jewish refugees, when they could go to Canada?The conflict in Darfur happened a long time ago. We accepted a few hundred Darfurians a decade ago and almost treated them like refugees. Then came thousands more who were clearly economic migrants because they wanted to work rather than starve to death or steal.As to the Eritreans, in addition to being economic migrants, they were deserters and draft-dodgers. Unwilling to serve their totalitarian dictator for an unlimited period in return for sub-subsistence allowances, and unwilling to undergo torture and imprisonment for complaining about their conditions, they heartlessly abandoned their country to come to Israel.While it is true that Sudan has been under a radical Islamist regime since 1989, pursuing ethnic cleansing policies against Christians and non-Arab Muslims on a regular basis, our government does not consider that to be a terribly important criterion in determining refugee status.The fact that Eritrea has the most totalitarian regime in Africa with no free elections, no free press and no courts of law to uphold human rights is of no concern to our government, thanks to our rigorous adhesion to non-intervention in the affairs of other nations. Besides, why should we coddle draft dodgers unwilling to accepting voluntary servitude?Our prime minister always keeps their word. They have promised to start deporting so-called asylum seekers on April 1. Their government has already started to send Eritrean and Sudanese asylum seekers to Saharonim Prison for committing the non-crime of refusing to accept forced deportation to unnamed African countries.As a reflection of its consistently humane policies, the government is closing down the Holot detention facility and releasing the remaining few hundred inmates with a temporary visa permit to go their merry way without money, a place to go, or opportunity to work.To encourage them to visit other parts of Israel that they may not have yet seen, the government has banned them from going to Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Eilat, Petah Tikva, Netanya, Bnei Brak and Ashdod.To ensure that the asylum seekers have a full vacation, enforcement actions will be taken against employers daring to employ them. To rid our country of unwanted non-Jewish Africans claiming to be refugees, Israel is determined to carry out its humane, non-violent, ethnic cleansing deportation campaign.What will the prime minister and our government do when they discover that no African country will openly accept those sent to their countries against their will, or that our prisons are not large enough to hold all those African asylum seekers preferring prison to forced deportation?What will happen when Israelis discover that the prime minister does not always tell the truth? That most African asylum seekers are in fact decent people who believed that Israel would offer them freedom and protection? What will happen when large numbers of Israelis, perhaps even a majority, remembers that Jews don't deport refugees and act accordingly? We shall soon see.The author is a Jerusalem-based international development consultant specializing in democracy and development issues in Africa.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Police in Dayton are on the scene of a crash that ended with one car on its side.
The accident happened this morning around 9;30 in the 600 block of Walton Avenue.
Police on the scene tell 2 NEWS the driver of the car is under arrest but would give no further information.
2 NEWS has a crew on the scene. We will keep you updated as we learn more.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
The top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee said they were “deeply disappointed” by a Twitter executive's presentation to the panel on Thursday about the company's response to Russian interference in last year's presidential election.
“Their response was frankly inadequate on almost every level,” said Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., the committee's vice chairperson.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sen. Mark Warner Slams Twitter Presentation on Russian Election Interference 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Twitter's vice president for public policy, Colin Crowell, met behind closed-doors Thursday with staff members from the intelligence committees from both the Senate and the House, the company said in a blog post.
"This is an ongoing process," the company said, "and we will continue to collaborate with investigators."
Related: Twitter Promises to Clarify Rules in Wake of Trump North Korea Threat Tweets
Crowell told Congress that Twitter had shut down 201 accounts linked to the same Russian operatives who used Facebook to spread misinformation during the election.
In addition, three accounts from the Russian news outlet RT, which has been linked to the Kremlin, spent $274,100 on Twitter advertisements last year, including promoting tweets "that definitely or potentially targeted the U.S. market," the company's blog post said. "This targeting primarily included RT news stories."
Despite Warner's displeasure, the post was Twitter's most thorough response yet to questions surrounding the Russian probe and measures the company is taking to help ensure the integrity of future elections.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Twitter execs meet with Congressional investigators over Russia influence 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Twitter pledged more transparency on what it is doing to take down bots and manipulative networks, saying, however, that there would be some components it could not publicly share.
Twitter was able to link the accounts it removed to Russian entities through an internal review of roughly 450 accounts shared by Facebook, the blog post said. Those groups had 22 corresponding Twitter accounts, while 179 more accounts were linked to them.
Related: Technology Companies Face Growing Questions in Russia Probe
"Neither the original accounts shared by Facebook, nor the additional related accounts we identified, were registered as advertisers on Twitter," the company said. "However, we continue to investigate these issues, and will take action on anything that violates our Terms of Service."
Twitter's response comes as Congress is placing more scrutiny on technology companies to answer questions in the Russian meddling probe.
Perhaps no other company is facing more intense questioning than Facebook. The social network is in the process of handing over 3,000 Russian-linked ads, including payment data and details on how Russian entities targeted voters through Facebook's system.
A Facebook representative told NBC News on Wednesday that the company is in the process of providing information to Special Counsel Robert Mueller's office. The House and Senate intelligence committees are also set to receive the advertisements as part of their ongoing probe into Russian interference in the election and into out how social media was used as a weapon.
On November 1, representatives from Facebook and Twitter are scheduled testify at an open hearing before Congress regarding the Russian investigation. It was unclear which executives would testify.
"The question is, we've contacted the most senior officials" of the two social-media companies and Google, Warner told reporters Wednesday. "But we'll be in conversations about who's going to have the most relevant information."
A parallel currency for businesses, and a massive program for printing money? A recreated Dutch gilder that tracks the euro? A Northern and Southern Euro that compete with one another? There are almost as many plans out there for escaping from the euro EURUSD, -0.2363% as there are countries within the single currency.
As populist parties rise in significance in France, in the Netherlands, in Italy, and even in Germany, the markets are having to pay increasing amounts of attention to their plans for getting out of the single currency. After all, when antieuro parties are ahead in the polls, even if they are some way short of actual power, it would be madness not to.
Federal Reserve Chairwoman Yellen Affirms Rate Hike (5:12) Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen testified before the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday, discussing a potential interest rate hike and economic growth as it relates to the labor market. Photo: AP
There is a problem, however, and it is a pretty serious one. It is perfectly reasonable to argue that countries should get out of the eurozone. But the plans put forward so far are a complete mess, ranging from the deranged to the catastrophic. In fact, what the eurozone needs is an orderly, agreed exit mechanism — so that investors in what are some of the world's biggest debt markets know what to expect in the event of a change of currency.
As Europe enters a tricky year of elections, with votes starting in the Netherlands next month, followed by France and Germany, and perhaps Italy as well if there is yet another change of government, the markets are already starting to feel nervous about the way that populist antieuro parties are making the running.
In the Netherlands, Geert Wilders's Freedom Party is likely to top the poll on a platform of quitting the European Union and the euro. In France, the National Front's Marine Le Pen is almost certain to come first in the initial round of voting, even if it looks unlikely they can win the second round, on a platform of bringing back the franc. In Germany, Alternative for Deutschland wants out of the euro, and in Italy the 5-Star Movement wants a referendum.
For the markets, that matters. These are some of the largest government debt markets in the world — Italy has the third largest, and France the fourth. Indeed, of the eight biggest bond markets in the world, four are eurozone nations. Which currency you are going to get paid back in is, to put it mildly, kind of important.
A few have started to flesh out their plans for getting out of the euro.
France's National Front has been the most explicit, setting out in some detail its strategy for escaping the currency. What does that look like? According to Le Pens' economic adviser Bernard Monot, in the first instance they will ask the rest of the zone to replace the euro with a basket of national currencies. If they don't agree to that, apparently the franc will be relaunched, but the exchange rate will be “managed,” while the state will take control of the Bank of France, printing money to repay its debtors, pay for increased welfare, and an industrial strategy.
Over in the Netherlands, Wilders hasn't said a huge amount about how they will bring back the gilder. But they have suggested it will shadow the euro. Alternative for Deutschland has flirted with the idea of a Northern and Southern euro, although since no one would want to join the Southern one, otherwise know as the losers' currency, it would probably bring back the Deutsche mark.
As for the 5-Star Movement, it doesn't really do detailed polices — but if it wants to bring back the lira, it will have a tough time in the markets.
The plans are completely loopy.
There is no point in the National Front thinking it can “manage” the exchange rate once it leaves the eurozone. It is going to be down there with the Egyptian pound and the Venezuelan bolivar. Try “managing” that — especially when you have taken control of the Bank of France and started printing money like crazy. Likewise, the Dutch gilder will sink like a stone if Wilders ever gets close to implementing any of their plans.
As for the AfD, what do they plan to do once the New Deutsche mark soars in value? This remembers is the country with the world's largest trade surplus, running to 9% of gross domestic product. Whole industries will be wiped out and the country plunged into a recession that will make the Weimer Republic look like a paradise. It is crazy, deranged stuff.
In fact, none of this is necessary.
What the eurozone needs is a formal, agreed plan for any country that decides to leave — similar to the Article 50 process that the U.K. is about to invoke as it exits the European Union. Here's what it should look like.
First, there should be a two-year transition period so that banks and companies can plan for the changeover in plenty of time, just as they did when they switched to the euro. Second, all debts will be redominated in euros, not the new currency. Finally, the European Central Bank will make financial support available, both through the two-year transition period, and for three years after that, until the leaving country re-establishes itself in the financial markets.
Changing a national currency doesn't have to be a big drama. Countries switch the monetary system all the time. France, for example, has been through three since the end of World War Two (the franc, Charles De Gaulle's new franc of 1960s, and the euro in 1999, in case you haven't been counting). One more is hardly the end of the world.
But the plan needs to be sensible, well-designed, and take account of a country's international obligations.
None of the plans put forward by Europe's populist parties come anything close to that. As they edge closer to power, that threatens continued chaos in the bond market — and the only way to fix that is for the members to agree a mechanism for leaving, and then insist that everyone sticks to it.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," they say.
For many H1-B holders, the temporary work visa — issued for a maximum of six years-- has been a stepping stone to obtaining a green card. That grants permanent residence in the U.S., and in turn provides a path to citizenship.
But newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," they say. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," they say. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," they say.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, they say "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, they say Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
NEW YORK (AP) - Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" they ask.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
"I love the holiday because it's our independence," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's six more weeks of winter after Punxsutawney Phil sees their shadow.
A soothsaying New Jersey groundhog turned Groundhog Day predictions up a notch, forecasting not only the weather for the next six weeks but the Super Bowl winner.
Essex Ed, the resident groundhog at Essex County's Turtle Back Zoo, did not see their shadow on Friday, predicting spring weather will arrive early this year.
Interactive The Winner of The Greatest Super Bowl Commercial
This puts Ed in agreement with the groundhog Staten Island Chuck, who also predicted an early spring, but at odds with the nation's preeminent groundhog, Pennsylvania's Punxsutawney Phil, who predicted six more weeks of winter.
Essex Ed also prophesized the winner of Sunday's upcoming Super Bowl that pits the Philadelphia Eagles against the New England Patriots in Minneapolis.
Ed predicted that the New England Patriots will come out on top.
Here's how to watch the Super Bowl, which kicks off on NBC at 6 p.m. ET.
Unbelievable Animals: Raccoon and Snake on NYC Subway
CAMPERDOWN ended a six-year drought at Reid Oval with a 16-point triumph over Warrnambool in round two of Hampden league football.
May 12, 2012 was the last time that the black and white got to sing their song at the final siren, however the Magpies were not about to let that record stretch any further courtesy of an 8.16 (64) to 7.6 (48) victory.
The margin could have been far greater if not for innacuracy in front of goals, with the Magpies converting just one third of its scoring chances.
Camperdown endured a goalless first term, with five behinds to open its scoring on a perfect day for football.
However, they soon turned a two-point quarter time deficit into a nine-point lead at the main break, before a dominant third term set up the victory.
The visitors booted three goals to one in the third quarter to open a 25-point gap.
Despite the Blues' best efforts in the final term which included four goals, Camperdown added two majors of their own to stem the flow.
Nick Bateman provided a strong forward prescence to finish with two goals, as did Jacob Mahony.
Will Rowbottom was named as the Magpies' best, along with Cam Spence, Fraser Lucas, Luke O'Neil, Bateman and Matthew Field.
Round three action will see the undefeated Magpies play host to North Warrnambool, who are yet to record a win in season 2018 following a one-point loss at home against Portland last Saturday.
Camperdown's reserves went down by 25 points, as Warrnambool built on its advantage at every change during a 9.12 (66) to 5.11 (41) result.
Harry Hunkin booted two goals for the Magpies, with one each to Tom Place, Charlie Brett and Grant Place.
Veteran Wayne Loader and the returning Daniel Hickey were named among the best in a losing performance.
Camperdown under 18.5 side were comprehensively beaten, falling to the Blues 16.10 (106) to 6.8 (44).
Luke Ball was the only multiple goal kicker for Camperdown with two, as they were named in the best along with twin brother Leigh, Sid Bradshaw, Toby Kent, Jack Helmore and Mitchell Gristede.
By John Naida
ERIE, MI (October 6, 2017) –
The top 12 finishers in season points will receive a portion of the championship point fund as well as contingency products and awards if they attend the banquet.
1 0 Steve Irwin
2 41 Thomas Schinderle
3 49T Gregg Dalman
4 10J Chris Jones
5 71H/16 Ryan Ruhl
6 10S Jay Steinebach
7 47 Robert Bulloch
8 77 Andrew Scheid
9 20A Andy Chehowski
10 1A Mark Aldrich
11 7J Joe Swanson
12 58 Tony Bures
Thomas Schinderle will be honored as The Perfit Corporation Sprints On Dirt Series Rookie of the Year for the top finishing driver who has previous sprint car experience, but ran their first season with Sprints On Dirt.
Andrew Scheid will be honored as The Perfit Corporation Sprints On Dirt Sprint Car Rookie of the Year for the top finishing driver who is a first-year sprint car driver.
The XYZ Machining Crew Chief of the Year and the XYZ Machining Sportsman of the Year will also be announced and honored at the banquet.
2017 points money consists of the season championship point fund, the MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge, the King Engine Bearings King of Michigan, and the Driven Racing Oil Battlegrounds Bash. The top 5 finishers in each of the 3 season mini-series will also be recognized at the banquet.
The MAHLE/Clevite Beyond Limits Challenge, SOD's original mini-series included races at Baer Field Motorsports Park, Thunderbird Raceway, Merritt Speedway, and Crystal Motor Speedway. A BLC race was rained out twice at Manistee County Fairgrounds and not rescheduled. Steve Irwin won the championship, followed by Thomas Schinderle, Gregg Dalman, Chris Jones, and Robert Bulloch.
The King Engine Bearings King of Michigan series was contested at Hartford Speedway and won by Chad Blonde, followed by Steve Irwin, Gregg Dalman, Thomas Schinderle, and Ryan Ruhl.
The Driven Racing Oil Battlegrounds Bash series was run at Butler Speedway and Thomas Schinderle took the championship over Joe Swanson, Chad Blonde, Jay Steinebach, and Steve Irwin.
Everyone is invited to attend the banquet. Tickets are $35.00 per person and must be purchased by October 30th. For full banquet information and to order tickets, go to https://goo.gl/UnnXJV
Would you like to sponsor a trophy? Call 734-309-RACE (7223) or email director@sprintsondirt.com for more information.
For more information about Engine Pro go to www.enginepro.com. For more information about ARP, go to www.arp-bolts.com.
Engine Pro Sprints On Dirt presented by ARP is brought to you in 2017 by many important sponsor partners including: Engine Pro (Title Sponsor), ARP (Title Sponsor), Hoosier Racing Tire (Official SOD Tire), MAHLE/Clevite (Beyond Limits Challenge Sponsor), Driven Racing Oil (Battlegrounds Bash Sponsor), King Engine Bearings (King of Michigan Sponsor), Lane Automotive/MSD Ignition (Fast Masters Sponsor), Engler Machine & Tool (Heat Race Sponsor), COMP Cams (Heat Race Sponsor), RockAuto.com (Heat Race Sponsor), The Perfit Corporation (Lucky Dog Sponsor), KSE Racing Products (Hard Charger Sponsor), XYZ Machining (Season Sportsman & Crew Chief Sponsor), Jim Coffey & Son Plumbing & Heating. In addition, SOD contingency sponsors include: Allstar Performance, ATL Racing Fuel Cells, BR Motorsports, Diversified Machine Inc. (DMI), K2W Precision/Keizer Aluminum Wheels, King Racing Products, Kistler Racing Products, Maxim Racing, Motor City Racing Promotions, Racing Optics, Rod End Supply, Schoenfeld Headers, Simpson Racing Products, Walker Performance Filtration.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Organisers of the Reading Toy Run were thrilled by the "terrific" response from supporters despite being forced to cancel the event .
"A car a minute" and some hardy bikers braved the weather on Sunday, December 10 to deliver presents to Barnardo's High Close School in Wokingham.
And presents were still arriving at the school in Wiltshire Road on Monday, December 11.
Mrs Spiller said: "Despite having to cancel the event, it was great to see so many people come in their cars.
"We must have had a car a minute for three hours arriving.
"Some people still turned up in their Christmas outfits to deliver the presents.
"And we had a few bikers turn up with presents as well.
"It was just terrific to see people are so dedicated to delivering presents to the children."
They admitted that numbers of presents were down on previous years but gifts were still arriving throughout Monday from those unable to deliver presents due to the bad weather.
The event would have normally seen more than 1,000 bikers decked out in their best Christmas outfits ride from Amec Foster Wheeler in Shinfield to High Close School but a covering of snow forced the organisers to cancel the event for the first time in 32 years.
Mrs Spiller added: "We were so disappointed to have to cancel it, both for the bikers and the people who come out to watch every year."
In November their husband Ben won the Chris Tarrant Award at Pride of Reading for organising the event.
Georgia Department of Corrections(NEW YORK) — Two Georgia inmates are armed and on the run after one of them shot and killed two Georgia State Correctional Officers, officials said.
Two state prisoners overpowered the correctional officers who were driving a transport bus along Georgia State Route 16 between Eatonton and Sparta in Putnam County at around 6:45 a.m. Tuesday, about 80 miles southeast of Atlanta, according to the Putnam County Sheriff's Office.
One corrections officer had been driving the large bus and the second officer was sitting up front, according to officials.
The prisoners breached a protective gate on the bus to reach the officers, before disarming and killing them both, the sheriff's office said.
The sheriff's office identified the escaped inmates as Donnie Russell Rowe of middle Tennessee and Ricky Dubose of Madison County, Georgia, and said they were prisoners at Baldwin State Prison.
It is unclear at this time whether specifically Rowe or Dubose shot and killed the two correctional officers.
Thirty-one other inmates were on board the bus, which was heading to a diagnostic facility at the time the escape took place, and have provided assistance to investigators, officials said.
Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills, appearing emotional at a news conference Tuesday afternoon, described the inmates as “dangerous beyond description.”
“I saw two brutally murdered corrections officers,” Sills said. “I have their blood on my shoes.”
Following the incident on the bus, Rowe and Dubose, armed with the officers' .40 caliber Glock pistols, allegedly carjacked a Honda Civic from a resident who was driving by, and then fled west toward Eatonton, the sheriff's office said.
Later Tuesday afternoon, the escaped prisoners are suspected to have committed a residential burglary, according to the sheriff's office.
The incident took place at around 2 p.m., they said, and the house where the alleged burglary took place was ransacked, with food and clothing taken from the premises.
The sheriff's office said Tuesday afternoon that authorities didn't know what the prisoners are wearing and believed that they most likely had shed their prison uniforms.
Rowe is serving life without parole for armed robbery, the department of corrections said, and Dubose is serving a 20-year sentence for armed robbery.
The slain Baldwin State Prison officers were Christopher Monica, 42, who was hired in 2009, and Curtis Billue, 58, who was hired in 2007, Georgia Corrections said. Officials said their families are “distraught.”
“Both officers were known for their unwavering commitment to their job and their love of family,” the Georgia Department of Corrections said in a statement.
Georgia Department of Corrections Commissioner Gregory Dozier said, “Our hearts are heavy as we mourn the loss of two of our officers, who are our family, and our priority is to locate these fugitives and bring them to justice for this heinous act against those working to protect the public.”
Dubose is described as a white man with blue eyes and brown hair, standing at 6 feet 1 inches tall and weighing 140 pounds.
Rowe is described as a white man with blue eyes and brown hair, standing at 6 feet 1 inches tall and weighing 181 pounds.
Dubose and Rowe's stolen car was initially described as a green 2004 Honda Civic with Georgia license plate RBJ6601, but as of Wednesday, police believe the suspects may have also stolen a white 2008 Ford F-250 truck with Georgia license plate BCX5372.
A cash reward of $90,000 is now being offered for anyone who provides information leading to the arrest of Dubose and Rowe.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Well that's the first month of 2018 finished. The diet has been abandoned, the new year resolutions have gone out the window, at least there are the summer holidays to look forward to.
The thought of hot sun on your back and a cold beer beside some turquoise sea is one to relish if it wasn't for the dread of airports. It's not the flying but all the faffing about now required before you even get on a plane. That can take longer than the actual flight, how wonderful it must be to have your own plane and fly off somewhere on a whim.
Louise Graydon
This reminded me of a conversation I had with an elderly couple in hospital a few years ago. They were well into their nineties and the husband was waiting to have a scan on their swollen right leg, their doctor thinking they might have a deep vein thrombosis.
“Have you been on a long haul flight?” I enquired.
“Oh yes, we've been to Hong Kong and back,” came the reply. “I'm a pilot, and so is my wife,aren't you my darling?” They nodded.
“We have our own plane along with 10 others, it's absolutely marvellous, we just take off and go wherever we fancy, much better than the car, the roads are an absolute nightmare, all those cars stuck in traffic jams, it's not for us. We've had to get the Rolls out to come here.”
I became intrigued by this delightful couple who seemed devoted to one another, dressed in expensive tweeds, they looked as though they were going shooting at Balmoral.
“It could be that sitting in one place for a long time has made your leg swollen,” I said.
Their wife dug an elbow into their ribs. “I think you should confess.”
“Well, I've had to give up flying and the plane because my eyesight is poor, we are bereft.”
“I thought you said you'd recently been to Hong Kong.”
“We have, my son bought us a flight simulation programme for the computer.
“It's fantastic,coming into Hong Kong airport is just how I remember it, I take the plane all over the world...”
“You have become addicted,” their wife interrupted, “he spends hours on it, I have to bring their meals to the computer otherwise he'd forget to eat,” they continued.
“That may explain your condition. Tell me, what is the programme called, I think my husband might like that?”
“Ah well, they would have to start at level one, and I'm already at level 10!”
It later transpired they didn't have a deep vein thrombosis and as I watched them walk hand in hand towards the exit, I reflected how wonderful it must have been to belong to their world.
I had no doubts that everything they had told me was absolutely true.
Sometimes a conversation can make you smile all day.
Lebanon team wins Music City Invitational
A Lebanon-based travel team, representing Sumner County Soccer Club, played in, and won, its first sanctioned tournametn last weekend, the Music City Invitational, beating out six other teams in the U10 boys' second division. Team members are (from left) Gus Cortez Jr., Heider Vargas, Gram Huffaker, Ronaldo Martinez, Gyan Ezeta, Eli Holloway, Jacob Anderson and Jonas Wintger. On the back row are assistant coach Dustin Holloway and head coach Gustavo Cortez Sr.
Five employees at the Minnesota Renaissance Festival, including two managers, have resigned after the event's artistic director was accused of raping a freelance photographer at the site last fall.
Carr Leon Hagerman, 60, was charged in June with two counts of criminal sexual conduct after a freelance photographer told authorities they lured them during an event in late September to an upstairs storage room on the Scott County Fairgrounds under the guise of finding a good location to take photos, the Star Tribune reported.
Hagerman, according to a criminal complaint, took the woman to a drum storage room, where they noticed a pink ribbon on their wrist and became enraged. The ribbon, according to the woman's attorney, was worn by a group of female workers at the festival who called themselves the “Order of the Garter” and sought to raise awareness of sexual harassment and abuse in the aftermath of the national #MeToo movement.
Hagerman ripped off the ribbon and slammed the woman's head against a wall while calling them a “bitch” and a “whore,” according to the complaint. Hagerman then took “some sort of pill,” the victim alleged, before forcing them to perform oral sex on them until they vomited.
“I will do whatever I want with you,” Hagerman told the woman as they beat and raped her, according to the complaint. “You are my piece of meat.”
Hagerman also allegedly threatened to kill the woman and “destroy” their life if they reported the rape to authorities. They eventually blacked out and went to the police more than a month later, according to the Star Tribune.
Hagerman denied the assault and was released from jail after posting $100,000 bail. But the investigation into the alleged rape has led to the exodus of Anita Kelling, a former entertainment director who temporarily replaced Hagerman, and the event's director of safety services. Three members of the security director's team have also resigned, the Star Tribune reports.
“People can read what they want into it,” Bo Beller, director of business and legal affairs at Mid-America Festivals Inc., told the newspaper. “But I don't believe that it is directly related to the Carr situation.”
Security director Bob Kinsman cited health issues in their resignation letter. Kelling, who did not disclose a reason for resigning, did not return a message seeking comment, according to the Star Tribune.
Beller said the festival – now in its 48th year – will go on as planned starting on Aug. 18.
Hagerman, meanwhile, has been on paid suspension since November. Minneapolis attorney John Klassen, who represents Hagerman's accuser in the criminal case, as well as other festival workers who allege Hagerman targeted them as well, said they found that to be “disturbing” given the allegations against him.
In addition to their managerial duties, Hagerman has been a lead performer at the fair for nearly four decades and is best known for portraying a 17th-century character called the “Rat Catcher” who taunts visitors at the interactive outdoor festival.
SEATTLE — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by President Barack Obama's administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “prior-deported felon.”
Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They also have a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma.
Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a “risk to public safety,” they were taken into custody.
But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “unequivocally denies being in a gang” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
“While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation,” Rosenbaum said.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
“This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well.”
Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements.
“Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word,” Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. “Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.”
Emily Langlie, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
“We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud,” they told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “operational memo” because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
“I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong,” Adams said. “Hopefully they're going to come to their senses.”
A little rain couldn't deter hundreds who gathered for the annual Memorial Day Parade, one of the largest in Vermont. The parade was led by three grand marshals, who were nominated by the public for the first time in the parade's history: Phillip Murdock, John Andrews and Richard E. Hamilton.
Photos by Bob LoCicero for the Essex Reporter.
GARDAI have warned the public to be “streetwise” after incidents of mobile phone snatching in Limerick.
In one case, gardai said a young man was sitting outside Colbert station with their phone in their hand when a youth ran up and snatched their phone.
“The youth was well gone before the unfortunate young man could even react,” said a garda spokesperson.
Another phone was snatched from a man who was waiting at a premise to have their phone repaired, gardai said.
“The best advice is to keep your phone out of sight in your pocket and locked. If you must use it to step into a shop or somewhere you consider safe, be streetwise,” said the spoksperson.
“You must also be alert to your surroundings and pay attention to who is close to you. Also know your IMEI number this can be found by simply typing in *#06#.”
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank called Charlotte one of the NFL's “premier markets,” citing the city's growth and the Carolina Panthers' strong fan base and on-field product. Michael Perez AP
10 YEARS AGO
Friday, Oct. 6, 2007 —
Chamber of Commerce and Agriculture hosted its annual Teacher Appreciation Banquet Sept. 25 at the American Lutheran Church. Over 75 teachers, administrators and Chamber members from Baker and Plevna attended. Baker teacher Tim Robinson was awarded a 15 year pin and Patricia Morris, JoAnn Parini and Sid Parini were awarded desk plaques for 25 years in the Baker school system. . .The Plevna All-Class Dinner Theater will present “Is There A Doctor In The House?” Oct. 12. . .Nancy Hirsch of Baker and their horse “Certified N Approved” won first place at the Powder River Quarter Horse Breeders Association Futurity for colts in Broadus, winning $1,500. . .Gerald and Bonnie Jacobson will celebrate their 50th anniversary Oct. 13 in Hettinger.
20 YEARS AGO
Friday, Oct. 3, 1997 —
Baker High School principal Don Schillinger presented Katrina Olson, daughter of Pastor Dave and Karla Olson, an honorary certificate for being named a Commended Student in the 1998 National Merit Scholarship Program. . .Thirty participants took part in the NFL Gatorade Punt, Pass & Kick competition hosted by the Baker Jaycees. The following youngsters earned first place honors: boys – Devon Harrison, Dustin Varner, Brandon Neary and Michael Klang; girls – Josey Madler, Whitney Meschke, Chelsy Sander and Gena Meier. . .All you can eat Annual Pancake & Sausage Supper will be held Oct. 11 at the Plevna Fire Hall. . .Baker Furniture is celebrating their 6lst anniversary Oct. 6-11. . .The Eastern Montana FFA District Career Development Event was held at the fairgrounds in Baker Sept. 24. There were 102 members and 20 guests present. . .Wally and Louise Palm of Ismay returned from a trip to Scotland, England and France where they were members of the official delegation traveling with the President General of National Society Daughters of the American Revolution when they visited the Unit's overseas chapters.
30 YEARS AGO
Thursday, Oct. 1, 1987 —
Wallyball is the new sport at the Baker Recreation Complex. Manager Sid Parini hopes it will strike an interest and stick. It is played in a racquetball court with a net in the middle and with a ball the approximate size of a volleyball. The game is very similar to volleyball. . .Dale Mrkich, a 1987 graduate from the University of Montana, Missoula, is a new face in the Huntley & Eakin Law Office. . .Wendy Kamm is the new temporary game warden for this area. Just recently Fallon County game warden John Ramsey transferred to Billings and Wendy will fill in for them until a replacement is found. . .The family of Jessie Stieg gathered in Baker last week to honor them on their 90th birthday. . .Tanya Dilworth, daughter of Don and Judy Dilworth, was chosen to participate in the International Student Exchange Program. They will attend the University of Ulster in Northern Ireland. . .Edward and Bertha Koenig will celebrate their golden wedding anniversary Oct. 10. . .Headline: Baker Airport rebuilding planned at a cost of one million – government sharing. Chairman of the City-County Airport Commission, Larry Granat, said the project was a definite need for the sake of the existence of the airport. . .Baker Spartan Homecoming will be held Oct. 3 – Spartans vs. Circle Wildcats.
40 YEARS AGO
Thursday, Sept. 29, 1977 —
Prairie Manor, a 15 Unit low income housing project for the elderly and the handicapped, is one step closer to reality with the recent HUD approval of the application for rent subsidies. . .The United States Navy Band from the nation's capital will be arriving in Baker for one concert performance Sunday, Oct. 16 . . .Homecoming queen and king candidates were chosen this week by all the classes. Pictured are Cindy Uttke, Terri Anderson, Lori Gundlach, Roxi Harris, Kimball Thompson, Royal Duneman, Kyle Alexander, and Brett Mayo. . .Loyd Bryson is the new manager at Rowland Thomas and Co., local accounting firm, effective Sept. 1. They replace Dan Handran who left Baker last May. . . Navy Seaman Recruit Allan E. Knipp, son of Mr. and Mrs. Everett L. Knipp, has completed recruit training at the Naval Training Center, San Diego.
50 YEARS AGO
Thursday, Oct. 4, 1967 —
The $312,000 school bond issue election tallied 307 yes votes and 55 no votes, but failed to pass because the necessary 40 percent of the 960 registered voters would have been needed to validate the election but only 365 (18 short) voted. . .Baker Spartans will face the Fairview Warriors this Friday for homecoming. Queen candidates and escorts are Paulette Groshans, Marlene Molenda, Max Munsell, Ari McBride, Dave Blake, Terry Vanderpan, Dennis Hatton and Don Crippen. . .Leon Rieger was recognized at the annual Fallon County 4-H Achievement Night for their record 13 years of service as a leader in the county. . .Mrs. Lois Beach was elected president of the Fallon-Carter Extension Homemakers at their semi-annual fall meeting in Ekalaka. . .Mr. and Mrs. T. V. Crichfield will be honored Sunday on the occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. . .A 26, oz. bottle of catsup cost 37 cents, one pound package of bacon was 59 cents, two pound jar of honey sells for 59 cents.
60 YEARS AGO
Thursday, Sept. 26, 1957 —
Joe Schockley was named the new manager of the local Red Owl Store. They replaced Leonard Jahnke who was manager for the past year. . .Fallon County Commissioner Harold Rusley passed away in Rochester, Minn. They had been ill with Hodgkin's disease. . .Five leagues of eight teams started the 35 week bowling season at the new Munsell Lanes. Grand opening for the four lane complex is set for Saturday . . .The BHS Spartans defeated Poplar 48-0 in football. Scoring for Baker were Roger Traweek, Gary Lindstrom, Duane Waterland, Walter Graf and a pass from Tom Samsel to Stan Hurley. Coach Genatone credited the play of linemen Butch O'Connor, Larry Lindstrom, Jim Price and Stan Hurley. . .Cal Lund, Jr. left for their senior year at MSU, Missoula, where they are majoring in business administration. . .An electronic range will be on display at Rediske Electric. . .Jack and Grace Lawler entertained the Photo Fan Club.
70 YEARS AGO Thursday, Oct. 2, 1947 —
Fallon County Library held an open house on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. Library board members are Mrs. Harry Schenck, Mrs. K. R. Pleissner, Mrs. Calvin Lund, Mrs. Fredric Bruggeman, Mrs. Mike Kirschten and Mrs. J. A. Berge. . .Katherine Hepburn and Spenser Tracy were the stars of the movie “Sea of Grass” appearing at the Lake Theatre. . .High school class figures are 49 first-year students, 26 sophomores, 34 juniors and 31 seniors. . .Market prices were winter wheat $2.39, spring wheat $2.45, flax $6.07, rye $2.52, feed barley $1.40 and oats 88 cents. . .Baker Chamber of Commerce is scheduling a Market Day for Oct. 11. There will be bargains galore for everyone.
80 YEARS AGO
Thursday, Sept. 30, 1937 —
Duck season in Montana will be open from Oct. 9 to Nov. 7 between the hours of 7 a.m. and 4 p.m each day. Rules include a ten bird limit and the use of shotguns only with a limit load capacity of three shells and a gauge of ten or higher. . .Attending the Fallon County Poultry Assoc. meeting were Roy Mengel, Bentley Sinclair, H. B. French, Mr. and Mrs. James Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Leischner, Mrs. C. G. Brenzel and Mrs. Martha Colbo. . .Top news story was “FDR to speak at Fort Peck next Sunday”. . .It was announced that moving pictures of Baker school, teachers, pupils, etc. and the Baker Fair will be shown at the Legion Hall in one week. . .Miss Oleva Fuchs, the oldest daughter of Henry Fuchs, exchanged marriage vows in Plevna with Walter Huether, son of Mr. and Mrs. George Huether, of Baker. . .Grocery prices were two pound jar of peanut butter for 28 cents, five pounds of apples for 29 cents.
Five migrants were shot during a giant brawl in Calais, leaving four fighting for their lives Friday in what the French government called an "unbearable" escalation of violence in a port that serves as a gateway to Britain.
Twenty-two were hospitalised with injuries after three fights across the city, which drew in hundreds of the migrants camped out in the hope of stowing away on a truck bound for England, according to officials.
Four Eritreans, who were shot in the neck, chest, abdomen and spine, were in critical condition, they said.
Police were searching for a 37-year-old Afghan suspected of the shooting.
A number of other migrants sustained stab wounds in what Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, who visited the scene of one of the clashes near a food distribution point, called an "escalation of violence that has become unbearable for the people of Calais and the migrants".
The violence comes two weeks after President Emmanuel Macron visited Calais with a message of zero tolerance on migrants setting up camps like the sprawling "Jungle" which was razed in 2016.
They later travelled to Britain, where Prime Minister Theresa May agreed to pay more to help stop migrants trying to reach England's shores and to take in more unaccompanied minors.
Unprecedented levels of violence
Crucially, Macron did not seek to renegotiate a controversial 2003 deal effectively pushing Britain's borders back onto French soil.
Collomb, who met with security force members and immigration officials in Calais, on Thursday accused the traffickers who charge the migrants hefty sums to secure passage to England, of "fuelling daily violence and brawls".
"This is a level of violence never seen before," they said.
They repeated that the government would not allow migrants settle in the area.
"The message I want to get across is that if you want to go to Britain, it's not here you should come," they said, adding that minors applying for asylum in Britain would be automatically moved to shelters around the country.
Clashes between migrants are a frequent occurrence in Calais, where newcomers live scattered in the woods, emerging at night to try to waylay passing trucks.
The notorious Jungle, once home to some 10,000 people, was demolished in 2016, but hundreds more migrants have since descended on the city.
Shots were fired during the first fight Thursday between about 100 Eritreans and some 30 Afghans queueing for free meals at a distribution point near the town's hospital at around 3:30 pm (1430 GMT).
The authorities suspect that traffickers mixed in with the crowd.
Shortly afterwards, a second fight broke out at an industrial site around five kilometres (three miles) away, with more than a hundred African migrants armed with iron rods and sticks setting on a group of around 20 Afghans, prosecutors said.
Police intervened to protect the Afghans, the authorities said.
No tolerance for economic migrants
Further violence broke out in the late afternoon at a third site.
Two police officers were injured during the clashes and security reinforcements were deployed.
In July, 16 people were injured in a brawl, one seriously.
Groups of migrants have also frequently clashed with the police, who systematically tear down their encampments and intervene to prevent them boarding trucks.
Macron has taken an unbending line towards those dubbed economic migrants because they are not fleeing war or persecution.
They have vowed to step up deportations while speeding up waiting times for bona fide asylum-seekers -- an approach they tout as mixing "humanity" and "efficiency".
Polls show the French supporting their approach but leftist parties, intellectuals and NGOs have been critical.
A former key adviser Jean Pisani-Ferry was among those who signed a hard-hitting open letter recently, accusing the centrist president of betraying their image as a humanist.
The major highways between Joburg and Tshwane are in absolute chaos on Thursday morning due to road blockages caused by a major taxi strike.
Commuters were also left stranded as Gauteng chairperson of the South African Taxi Council (Santaco), Ralph Jones, said the taxi industry would march to the South African Taxi Finance offices in Midrand.
“This is to hand over a memorandum of grievances to the directors of the company. Some members of the taxi industry have been hard hit by the high interest rate of 28% and blacklisting due to payment of R15‚000 per month over 72 months,” they said in a statement.
“We can't take it any more‚” Jones said.
Motorists were warned to avoid all major highways around Joburg and Pretoria, including the M1, N1, N12, N14, and parts of the N3 as taxis had been blocking these routes since the early hours of Thursday morning.
The City of Joburg called on motorists to avoid the following routes due to blockages.
There have also been reports of roads being blocked on main routes around Pretoria, with claims that taxi drivers are threatening those who are giving lifts to stranded commuters.
The Gautrain has also suspended its bus service as staff members are unable to reach stations, it said in a statement.
The Johannesburg Metro Police Department said that Santaco has been granted permission to march, and officers will be deployed in an attempt to ensure a smooth flow of traffic.
Spokesperson, Isaac Mahamba told the SABC: “The areas that we think could be affected is the area around Rosslyn, some roads around the CBD and there's a possibility that they might go and march to the SA Reserve Bank. We will deploy our metro police officers to monitor those areas that I've just mentioned.”
Gauteng education MEC Panyanza Lesufi called for parents to keep their kids at home due to the massive disruptions.
The Taxi strike is centered around Joburg and Pretoria today, but follows similar action held in Durban a few weeks back. Cape Town is yet to experience the same, but several commentators warn that a strike in the Mother City may also be on the cards soon.
Read: SA taxi drivers may soon need to get training and a special certificate to operate
Cooling the scalps of certain breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy can reduce their hair loss, according to researchers at UC San Francisco, Weill Cornell Medicine and three other medical centers.
Their study, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, revealed that a majority of female patients who underwent “scalp cooling” with a special silicone cap retained more than half of their hair after completing chemotherapy.
“We found that scalp cooling during commonly used chemotherapy regimens was well-tolerated and was associated with significantly less hair loss, as well as improvement in several quality-of-life indicators,” Dr. Hope Rugo, a UCSF breast cancer specialist who coauthored the study, said in a prepared statement.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women around the world, and hair loss is almost universal among breast cancer patients receiving chemotherapy.
While scalp cooling for these patients has been used in Europe for several decades, and in more than 30 countries, it has been limited in the U.S. because of a lack of scientific data and concern about possible scalp metastases.
Two types of cooling caps are typically used, the study said: frozen caps that must be replaced every 30 minutes, or cooling systems that continually circulate coolants into a cap during the full chemotherapy session.
The treatment is believed to lessen hair loss because it reduces the delivery of chemotherapy to the scalp and hair follicle, Rugo said. The cold temperatures also are thought to slow hair follicle cell division, making the cells less susceptible to the damaging effects of chemotherapy.
In the study conducted from August 2013 to October 2014, researchers tested only the DigniCap, a snug-fitting silicone cap connected to a cooling and control unit. The device is made by the Swedish company Dignitana, which partly funded the investigation.
Based on preliminary results from the study, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in December 2015 cleared the DigniCap for use in the U.S.
The study included 122 women with stage 1 or stage 2 breast cancer, all of whom were undergoing chemotherapy. The average age of the cold cap patients was 53 years, and the average duration of chemotherapy was 2.3 months.
Of those women, 101 received scalp cooling while 16 did not. Among the 101 patients, the study found that 67 of them — or 66.3 percent — retained half or more of their hair, while the group that did not receive the treatment lost their hair.
Some side effects were reported: Many of the women experienced mild headaches or scalp pain associated with the scalp cooling, and two patients stopped the treatment after feeling cold. But the researchers said there has been no evidence of scalp metastases in any patient after approximately 30 months of followup, which will continue for a total of five years.
Importantly, the study also concluded, three of five quality-of-life measures were significantly better for the women who underwent scalp-cooling, including feeling more physically attractive.
“Scalp cooling allows patients to protect their privacy and maintain their self-esteem and sense of well-being,” said co-author Dr. Tessa Cigler, an assistant professor of clinical medicine at the Weill Cornell Breast Center in New York City, said in a prepared statement. “This study provides long-awaited evidence for an effective and practical scalp cooling method.”
But for many people, quitting abusers is not so easy. It is a formidable challenge for targets, bystanders and society as a whole that we are only beginning to grapple with. Too often, we remain in thrall to people who inflict pain and pathologies on others. Why is it so hard to get free? Will #MeToo make it any easier?
Seeing a female police detective lead former Hollywood titan Harvey Weinstein in cuffs outside New York's First Precinct in May certainly looked like a victory for the #MeToo movement. This rich and powerful man has now been indicted on multiple rape and criminal sexual act charges. This week, Weinstein was indicted on three more charges , including the sexual assault of a third woman. It would be hard to imagine a comeback story for the movie mogul — even if they managed to evade prison. America has rejected them as a serial abuser of women.
Clinical studies show that women who get involved with abusers are very often well-educated and powerful, according to psychologist Sandra L. Brown, who has written a book on this subject. Many also exhibit positive traits like empathy and deep investment in relationships. And yet these are the very traits that can turn against them when they are partnered with a manipulative and destructive person, because it creates strong psychological incentives to stick around.
Combine these types of hooks with the gaslighting, blame shifting and threatening behavior typical of abusers, add a heap of shame, and you have a recipe for what some psychologists call "trauma bonding" — loyalty to a person who is destructive. Such bonds are said to occur in relationships where there is "intermittent reinforcement" — a pattern of unpredictable rewards and punishments. It's the same mechanism that keeps gamblers glued to the blackjack table.
The very human process of falling in love lights up the brain in ways that scientists now know are similarto what happens to drug addicts. Anthropologist Helen Fisher has studied the heightened activity of neurotransmitters dopamine and norepinephrine involved in romantic love, and found that the reward pathways are similar to the peaks and crashes produced by cocaine.
In the best-case scenario, Fisher argues, passionate feelings can be a positive addiction that leads to healthy bonding. But it can also go horribly wrong, giving insight into why the word "passion" has its roots in the idea of suffering. Culture reinforces the associations of pain and love: "He hit me / And it felt like a kiss," sang The Crystals in 1963, a lyric picked up by contemporary pop siren Lana Del Ray in their 2014 song "Ultraviolence."
Women who have extracted themselves from relationships with abusers testify to the harrowing process of walking away. A recent New Yorker article revealed the alleged abuse suffered by four women who had dated former New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who resigned shortly after its publication. One of the women, Michelle Manning Barish, sustained an ear injury but did not tell the doctor it was the result of a blow from the state's top law officer. "I was protecting Eric," they told The New Yorker. "And I was ashamed. For victims, shame plays a huge role in most of these stories. I want people to know that."
One of the other women, Tanya Selvaratam, added that they blamed themselves for Schneiderman's behavior and tried to help them find a therapist. "I was scared what they might do if I left him," they explained, describing death threats and promises to have them surveilled — an action they were uniquely equipped to carry out.
Many women never manage to break away and adopt a permanent role as pain reservoirs and defenders of abusive men. Camille Cosby, who continues to support their husband, Bill Cosby, even after their rape conviction, comes to mind.
If women do come forward about abuse, many are routinely greeted with vicious attacks. When Amber Heard, the former wife of Johnny Depp,alleged that the actorphysically terrorized her, they were accused of lying to shake them down for money. Heard donated the $7 million they were awarded in a divorce settlement to charity; Depp is still swashbuckling around Hollywood.
Manning Barish and Selvaratnam managed the feat of leaving while Schneiderman was still one of the most powerful and admired men in New York, positioned firmly on society's pedestal. They had to endure their hell privately, while the man who abused them received endless public accolades.
Schneiderman received praise for speaking out against domestic abuse and was honored by women's groups. It is mind-bending to imagine the cognitive dissonance endured by people who are abused by society's heroes.
#MeToo may be changing this dynamic, however. Family justice advocate Mary Travers Murphy reports that #MeToois helping targets of abuse, both women and men, to reexamine their situations and seek help. One woman wrote a blogcrediting #MeToo and Oprah Winfrey's speech at the 2018 Golden Globes, where Hollywood's treatment of women was a central theme, for helping them to admit that they were in an abusive relationship: "I did not realize until the cruelty was so starkly thrown in my face that under no circumstance should I have to endure such abuse," they stated.
Cultural products are taking on abuse and sexual harassment more explicitly in the new era, stimulating frank discussions among more receptive viewers. The new season of Netflix hit series "13 Reasons Why," based on a young adult best seller by Jay Asher, is a mystery drama that explores the aftermath of the suicide of a high school student, Hannah Baker, played by Katherine Langford. Issues of grief, addiction, harassment and assault weave through the narrative of a group student coping with Hannah's fate and their high school's bullying atmosphere.
A central character is wealthy and popular athlete Bryce Walker, portrayed by Justin Prentice, who, unlike the others, seems on top of the world — enjoying the affection of their baseball teammates and their girlfriend, cheerleader Chloe Rice.
Bryce, however, is also a serial rapist. Yet most of their friends turn a blind eye to their violence and Chloe stays with them after they hurt and degrades her, and even though everyone has heard about the role their predation played in Hannah's suicide. When Bryce is finally arrested for rape, Chloe then lies on the stand to protect him. She's the character viewers are most confused about, wondering why they stand by him.
Actress Anne Winters, who plays Chloe, explained in an interview available at the end of the Netflix series that while they were troubled by the character's decisions, they could understand how being chosen by the most powerful guy in high school is a heady experience for a girl, one that makes them feel not only beautiful, but elevated by their status.
"To get rid of it is not only to get rid of everything that makes them feel validated," explained Winters, "but also validation in every other aspect of their social life in high school."
Chloe has absorbed cultural messages that reckon their worth as a measure of physical attractiveness and the ability to garner male attention. Even when they learn that Bryce has sexually violated them while they are passed out drunk as their buddies snap pictures, Chloe is unable to override that powerful programming. They know that if they admit the truth about Bryce, they will not only have to confront the intensity of their own pain and betrayal, but will probably endure still more abuse from classmates who will slut-shame them and call them crazy.
Again, #MeToo is helping to reshape such harmful cultural narratives. But for every Weinstein or Schneiderman, there are still plenty of others who continue to receive society's adulation and a free pass on abusive behavior — mostly glaringly President Donald Trump, who, from their all-powerful perch in the White House, continues to dodge accountability for their "Access Hollywood" tape, claiming that it is inauthentic, and multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment. In December 2017, the White House released a statement painting three of Trump's accusers as politically motivated.
Then there are the countless bosses, co-workers, partners, relatives, neighbors and friends whom we know to have abusive traits but still receive our protection and adoration.
Moving forward with #MeToo does not mean demonizing men. But it does mean refusing to prop up abusers and people who do not accept responsibility for their harmful behavior. It also means not letting ourselves off the hook — either as individuals or as a society — when we see patterns of abuse as bystanders but do not call them out. It means supporting cultural messages in which male strength does not rest on the ability to dominate but on the willingness to respect and defend others. And it means applauding and supporting targets who take the courageous step of leaving abusers and sharing their stories. They are our heroes.
Most of all, it means acknowledging that female worth is not just a function of physical attractiveness and being chosen by a man. It is, quite simply, a given.
Lynn Stuart Parramore is a cultural theorist who focuses on the intersection between culture and economics.  They are the author of "Reading the Sphinx: Ancient Egypt in 19th-Century Literary Culture" and their writing has appeared in Reuters, Lapham's Quarterly, Salon, VICE, Huffington Post and others.
This article was originally published on NBC News' Think. Opinions expressed in View articles are not those of euronews.
ORLANDO, Fla. — An Arizona student filed a lawsuit against a fraternity and several of its members, alleging that some of its brothers shared non-consensual intimate video and photos of them and other women on a private Facebook group.
According to the complaint filed in a Florida district court on Wednesday, the woman had a long-distance relationship with one of the fraternity brothers at the University of Central Florida Delta Sigma Phi's chapter in Orlando.
The complaint alleges that in October, they shared intimate videos and images of her, obtained through their relationship, on a secret Facebook page called the “Dog Pound.” The private page was “where fraternity brothers routinely posted electronic video and images of their sexual ‘conquests,'” according to the complaint.
CNN left multiple messages seeking comment from the UCF Delta Sigma Phi chapter and the fraternity's national alumni association, but has not received a reply. Someone picked up the phone at the UCF chapter and referred inquiries to the national fraternity, which did not immediately respond to emails.
The New York Times reported on Thursday evening that Delta Sigma Phi said it suspended its chapter at UCF.
“While we cannot comment on specific allegations made in the lawsuit, these claims are disturbing and antithetical to our organization's values and mission,” the fraternity said, according to the Times.
The videos and images posted to the page were allegedly obtained through sexual encounters. Some of the videos and images were of “unsuspecting women,” the complaint says.
While the plaintiff, Kathryn Novak, engaged in consensual sexual activities with him, their partner, Brandon Simpson, recorded at least one instance and shared it without their knowledge, according to the complaint. CNN is seeking comment from Simpson.
Novak is being represented by Michael Avenatti, who is best known as the attorney for adult film star Stormy Daniels.
Avenatti said there have been “a number of women victimized by this and many videos posted.”
“It was something bragged about,” they said of the “Dog Pound” page.
Four other fraternity brothers are also named in the suit; they are believed to have viewed the video of Novak.
The woman is seeking an injunction to prevent the further spread of the content online, as well as at least $75,000 in compensatory, statutory and punitive damages.
University of Central Florida sent the following statement to CNN: “These allegations are contrary to our core values. Although UCF is not a party to the suit, we are gathering information. If anyone believes they may have been impacted in this case, UCF wants to hear from you.”
The complaint alleges that UCF permitted the culture that allowed the incident to occur, but the school is not named in the lawsuit.
CNN attempted to reach the Delta Sigma Phi national organization, as well as its UCF chapter, but was unable to get any comment.
The use of a private Facebook page and other online sites to spread nonconsensual pornography — which is also commonly referred to as “revenge porn” — isn't a new phenomenon. Closed Facebook groups were at the center of a Penn State fraternity case, in which men were allegedly posting compromising pictures of women on a private Facebook page, as well as a nude photo scandal involving the Marines.
While Facebook has been working to help combat the spread of revenge porn, it also is grappling with hidden groups that share content that could violate its standards.
The company has a ban on nudity on its platform, and Facebook says it removes intimate images that are shared without consent. Content moderation is also a volume issue; millions of content reports flood its system weekly.
One in eight American social media users have been a target of non-consensual pornography, according to a 2017 study conducted by the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative.
U.S. special forces have joined the battle to crush Islamist militants holed up in a southern Philippines town, officials said on Saturday, as government forces struggled to make headway and 13 marines were killed in intense urban fighting.
The Philippines military said the United States was providing technical assistance to end the siege of Marawi City by fighters allied to Islamic State, which is now in its third week, but it had no boots on the ground.
see also 13 Philippine marines killed in fighting with militants ILIGAN, Philippines — Thirteen Philippine marines were killed in fierce...
“They are not fighting. They are just providing technical support,” military spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Jo-Ar Herrera told a news conference in Marawi City.
The U.S. embassy confirmed it had offered support, at the request of the Philippines government, but gave no details.
A U.S. P3 Orion surveillance plane was seen flying over the town on Friday, media said.
The cooperation between the longtime allies is significant because President Rodrigo Duterte, who came to power a year ago, has taken a hostile stance toward Washington and has vowed to eject U.S. military trainers and advisers from their country.
The seizure of Marawi City on May 23 has alarmed Southeast Asian nations which fear that Islamic State – facing setbacks in Syria and Iraq – is establishing a stronghold on the Philippine island of Mindanao that could threaten the whole region.
The Philippines military suffered its biggest one-day loss on Friday since 10 troops were killed in a friendly-fire incident on June 1. Herrera said 13 marines conducting clearing operations died after an “intense” house-to-house firefight during which they encountered improvised explosive devices and were attacked by rocket-propelled grenades.
The deaths took to 58 the number of security forces killed, with 20 civilians and more than a hundred rebel fighters also killed in the Marawi fighting.
Reports of Maute Brothers Killed
At least 200 militants are holed up in a corner of the town. An estimated 500 to 1,000 civilians are trapped there, some being held as human shields, while others are hiding in their homes with no access to running water, electricity or food.
The military said it was making headway in the town but was proceeding carefully so as not to destroy mosques where some of the militants had taken up positions.
“We give premium to the mosques, because this is very symbolic to our Muslim brothers,” Herrera said.
The Philippines is majority Christian, but Mindanao has a significant population of Muslims and Marawi City is overwhelmingly Muslim.
One of the main Islamist factions dug in around the heart of the city is the Maute group, a relative newcomer amid the throng of insurgents, separatists and bandits on Mindanao.
Herrera said the military was “validating” reports that the two Maute brothers who founded the group had been killed.
“We are still awaiting confirmation,” they said. “We are still validating those reports but there are strong indications.”
Maute joined forces with Isnilon Hapilon, who was last year proclaimed by Islamic State as its Southeast Asia “emir”. Military officials believe Hapilon is still in the town.
The military has said it is aiming to end the siege by Monday, the Philippines' independence day.
A-Boogie Wit The Hoodie has been keeping busy overseas. From the looks of it A-Boogie is truly to holding up their album title “The Bigger Artist” alongside their Highbridge The Label Family as expected. A- Boogie's lifestyle from the fancy attire to the women, and expensive jewelry,Artist has yet to have a dull night in London. Watch A- Boogie live it up with “No promises” in the video below. look for out new music from The Bigger Artist Everyday this week from the Double Platinum rapper.
Follow The Crown:
http://www.Twitter.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Facebook.com/TheKingSharif
http://www.Instagram.com/TheKingSharif
Snapchat – KingsharifSnaps
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — Faced with sitting out at least another year at South Carolina as the federal investigation into college basketball continues, a “devastated” Brian Bowen felt they had no choice but to remain in the NBA draft.
Bowen announced Wednesday he's leaving the school after the NCAA told South Carolina officials they would miss at least all next season with the Gamecocks. The NCAA based its decision on alleged benefits received by the Bowen family at their former school Louisville and the governing body's transfer requirement of a year off the court.
“I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling,” Bowen said in a statement.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan, transferred to South Carolina in January following their suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and their father to get them to join that school.
The federal complaint stated that Adidas representative James Gatto and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family to gain their commitment to play for Louisville. Bowen was not named in documents, but details made clear that investigators were referring to the first-year student.
Bowen has denied knowledge of any payment.
Among those indicted were were one-time South Carolina assistant coach Lamont Evans, who coached with Martin for four seasons before leaving for Oklahoma State.
Bowen took part in practices and was out for pre-game events with South Carolina from January through March. They finished with semester with a 3.5 GPA and, coach Frank Martin said, was a model teammate whose goal was to play in college.
South Carolina officials said the NCAA told the school its decision a few days ago and then, Bowen, their family and attorney Jason Setchen considered their options.
“All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball,” Bowen said. “However, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career.”
Martin said in January there was a chance Bowen might never suit up for the Gamecocks , given their potential at the pro level. While Bowen took part in the NBA's combine earlier this month, there's no guarantee they will be selected in next month's draft.
Bowen would have had to miss the first semester next season due to the NCAA transfer rules. The governing body made it clear to South Carolina officials that Bowen might have had to sit much, much longer based on the corruption probe.
Auburn sophomore Austin Wiley missed all of last season because of their family's alleged acceptance of thousands of dollars from an adviser that was set up by former Tigers assistant coach Chuck Person. Person was also among those indicted.
Setchen posted on Twitter that Bowen's case was “a tragedy of epic proportions. I cannot express the magnitude of my dismay in the NCAA's “ruling” in this matter. Unlike in the biblical tale of David and Goliath, in this case (at least for now) Goliath has prevailed.”
Martin and South Carolina athletic director Ray Tanner praised Bowen's work ethic and character and wished them well as a pro.
Bowen thanked Martin for giving them a chance to join the team and get themselves back in a good space after their time at Louisville. “I'm grateful to the University of South Carolina and coach Frank Martin for believing in me,” they said.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Zambia awarded licenses to start a fourth mobile-network operator to a company part-owned by Isabel Dos Santos, the daughter of Angola's former president whose influence is waning in their home country.
Unitel International Holdings BV, in which Dos Santos owns a 25 percent stake, pledged to invest more than $350 million through a local unit and will compete with market leader MTN Group Ltd. and Bharti Airtel Ltd. The expansion comes less than four months after new Angola President Joao Lourenco announced an auction for a new operator in the oil-rich African nation, challenging Unitel in its home market.
Dos Santos, Africa's richest woman, was stripped of their role as chairperson of Angola's state-oil company last year as Lourenco sought to reduce the influence of the family of predecessor Eduardo Dos Santos, who they succeeded in September elections. Isabel this month denied wrongdoing related to a transfer of $38.2 million from the oil company, Sonangol, following allegations by its chairperson, Carlos Saturnino.
For Zambia's part, the country's telecommunications regulator concluded after a two-year review that more competition is needed to improve services and lower prices. Two companies including Unitel expressed an interest in the licenses, the Zambia Information & Communications Technology Authority said in a statement Monday.
During the first half of 2017, active mobile-phone subscriptions in Zambia increased by 3.4 percent to 12.4 million, according to the finance ministry, compared with a population of about 16.5 million.
— With assistance by Matthew Hill
When the CalExit folks announced their signature drive to separate California from the United States of America earlier this year, we said it was a colossally stupid idea.
Related Articles California staying in the USA — Live video chat, noon Tuesday
`Calexit' campaign dropped as leader bolts for Russia
Poll: Californians dislike Trump, but don't back ‘Resistance' or Calexit
Brexit backers raising funds for California breakaway effort And that was before we found out the founder of the movement, Louis Marinelli, has been living most of the time in Russia. He'd even set up a sort of embassy for California there, courtesy of the government.
No, this is not Fake News. We couldn't make this stuff up.
The whole thing, apparently, was a con. Marinelli played on Californians' distaste for Donald Trump — but that distaste was partly based on Trump's bromance with Vladimir Putin, the Russian despot who, among other things, finds common cause with Bashar al Assad and is fanatically anti-gay, at least in public. Sound like California?
Marinelli also is reported to have raised money for CalExit from right wing groups in this country. They appear to be all-in on the Russian ideal of diminishing the influence of the United States, which of course removing California would do. But when the going gets tough, the tough, apparently, go to Siberia.
We can't wait to hear if their fellow travelers on secession try to revive the movement. They'll have trouble getting past Marinelli's trail. In announcing that they were moving to Russia permanently, they said they no longer planned to return to California to “struggle for their independence from the United States.”
They went on, “… I have found in Russia a new happiness, a life without the albatross of frustration and resentment towards ones' homeland, and a future detached from the partisan divisions and animosity that has thus far engulfed my entire adult life.”
Ah yes, an oligarchy/kleptocrasy is a great government to end partisan divisions and quash animosity. Often by killing people. Sometimes that's easier than gathering signatures.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Nollywood veteran, Chief Chiwetalu Agu has urged all protagonists at logerheads in the Actors guild of Nigeria (AGN) to kill their over ambition for the organisation to move forward, adding that no society can progress where there is violence.
The veteran actor lamented the impasse in the guild between the parties that have refused to accept defeat and move on. In a recent interview with the media, the actor said that greed has a way of runing one's career.
“I want stakeholders to begin to do away with over ambition, that this post is good for me to occupy is ok, but when you struggle for it for too long and you see that it doesn't work, you can leave”, they said.
Agu stressed that it was good to have political intentions but it should not continue when such is causing havoc and division among people.
They urged the parties causing crisis in the guild to kill their over ambition, advising that they withdraw their interest if such was not yielding fruits.
The actor also advised the warning factions to look to other areas rather than kill the industry fighting in vain, “It must not be president, there are many areas you can pilot the affairs of Nollywood instead of insisting it must be president. I address these people as square pegs in round holes, so far as God has blessed your career, you have to kill your ambition, kill your over ambition, those who are in crisis is God blessing them?
Do you still see them on screen or posters? No, they have gone out of spotlight we are talking about administration, so if it is not good for you, quit and return to your old constituency” they said.
Chiwetalu Agu noted “if you ask me, I am the most qualified to run the affairs of Nollywood, I started my career in 1981, in Enugu, so I have been on the scene acting for 12 years before the advent of Nollywood of which I am a pioneer”.
“There is no way you can talk about history of Nollywood without me occupying a substantial part of it. I had my theatre group known as inspirers in those days. I acted in many NTA programmes, like the ‘Ikoro' produced by the Onyekwere, “Things Fall Apart” in 1986 after which I put together a soap “the Advocate” which never saw the light of the day.
In 1987 I went to Lagos where I featured in ‘Rippled' produced by Zeb Ejiro. I played two characters of Chief Abunna, “the Okemilinaezo Luora I” of Ekiti and the “Odezulumba of Ogbunike Town”. I conducted the first ever audition of what later became ‘Living in Bondage”, a film from the stables of Kenneth Ncbue that produced stars like Kenneth Okonkwo, Kanayo O. Kanayo and many others.
From there we moved on to the production of “Taboo” where I played the role of Khie Ogwu and numerous productions in the 90s. so what ever is happening to our children concerns me.
So having come this far people should look at me to steer the ship of state, but because of my mild ambition, I am where. I am today. Why must we insist we must be president, governor, Chairman and this and that.
The all round Nollywood icon further called in the federal government to treat Biafrans with equity, Justice and fairness without which the people should be allowed to part ways in an unequal relationship.
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Celtic and Hearts forward Tony Watt believes Joey Barton could have turned out to have been a useful player for Rangers had they stayed at the club a little longer.
Rangers signed the former Manchester City man in the summer of 2016 on a free transfer, but they fell out badly with then manager Mark Warburton and their contract was terminated just months later.
Barton did make some colourful comments about Celtic and their skipper Scott Brown during their short stint at Rangers and has since lashed out at the standard of football in Scotland.
Reacting to their recent putdown of Scottish football, Watt believes even Barton knows that they are not speaking the truth when it comes to describing the quality of football.
However, the former Bhoy believes Rangers would have got a lot more from Barton had they continued playing for the club for a little longer.
Watt took to Twitter and wrote: “He's talking with a smirk to get a reaction! They know it's not true.
“I do think though if they stayed longer they would have been useful for Rangers.”
Barton joined Burnley in January 2017 and played a role in their survival in the Premier League last season.
Video
The French and US presidents have shown in more than one occasion that they agree on some politics, but mostly on their affection for each other.
Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said Sunday that the women who have accused President Donald Trump of touching or groping them without their consent “should be heard.”
Haley's comments, made on CBS' “Face the Nation,” diverged from the White House position on the more than a dozen women who have accused Trump of misconduct. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders has said that the White House's position is that the women are lying and that the American people settled the issue by electing Trump despite the accusations.
Asked by CBS' John Dickerson whether they considered the allegations a “settled issue,” given last year's election results, Haley responded, “You know, that's for the people to decide. I know that they were elected. But, you know, women should always feel comfortable coming forward. And we should all be willing to listen to them.”
Haley's comments highlighted a challenge facing Republicans as a cultural revolution on the topic of sexual harassment sweeps the country.
Republicans have seized on allegations of wrongdoing by Democrats, including Rep. John Conyers, D-Mich., and Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., who announced they would resign last week.
Republicans also have castigated liberals over high-profile allegations against figures in Hollywood and the media, including movie producer Harvey Weinstein, a one-time Hillary Clinton donor and ally.
But most have not shown similar outrage when allegations have been made against prominent Republicans, notably Trump and Senate candidate Roy Moore of Alabama.
Haley spoke about Trump's accusers after praising women who have come forward with allegations about powerful men in various other industries. Dickerson asked them how “people should assess the accusers of the president.”
“They should be heard, and they should be dealt with,” Haley responded. “And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
Trump has been sued for defamation in New York by one of their accusers, Summer Zervos, a former contestant on “The Apprentice” who says Trump groped and kissed them in a hotel room in 2007 during a meeting to discuss a job opportunity. They say Trump defamed them when they dismissed their account and called them and the other accusers liars. A judge is weighing whether to allow that case to proceed.
Haley's comments came in contrast to other Republicans, who have defended Trump, noting the public elected Trump president even knowing about allegations from multiple woman against him.
On NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said that “to re-litigate the election is impossible.”
“The allegations or the accusations against the president were a part of the campaign,” Scott said. “Should people who were victimized have their day in court, their opportunity to present their information? I have no problem with that issue.”
Democrats have continued to press the subject, with some beginning to argue Trump should resign their office like others have in face of such allegations.
“Al Franken felt it proper for them to resign,” Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., said in an interview with “Meet the Press” on Sunday morning. “Here you have a president who has been accused by many women of assault, who says on a tape that they assaulted women. They might want to think about doing the same.”
Sanders's comment, which built on a tweet they had sent last week, came after Sens. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., and Cory Booker, D-N.J., said that the so-called “#MeToo moment” should prompt another look at the women who accused Trump of sexual harassment during the 2016 presidential campaign.
“The president should resign because they certainly have a track record with more than 17 women of horrific conduct,” Merkley said last week in an interview for the weekday version of “Meet the Press.”
On Saturday, during a campaign swing to support the Democrat in Alabama's U.S. Senate race, Booker told Vice News that the standard that brought down Franken should be applied to the president.
“I just watched Senator Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from their office,” Booker said. “My question is, why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing – who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward. The fact pattern on them is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken.”
Follow @insidefutbol
AC Milan are still hoping they will be able to beat Arsenal to the signature of Bosnia left-back Sead Kolasinac.
The defender is out of contract with Bundesliga side Schalke in the summer and is set to move on for a new challenge, with AC Milan and Arsenal going head to head for their signature.
It had been claimed the full-back was all but certain to join Arsenal, but their father said recently that their son has not put pen to paper on a deal with any club and is set to take a decision soon.
And despite Arsenal being considered in pole position, AC Milan have not given up hope of winning the race, according to Italian outlet Calcio Mercato.
With Kolasinac not having signed a pre-contractual agreement with Arsenal, the Rossoneri remain hopeful they will eventually choose to move to Serie A.
The 23-year-old came through the youth ranks at Schalke, making their Bundesliga bow for the club in 2012 against Bavarian outfit Greuther Furth.
Kolasinac was born in Germany and represented the country at Under-18, Under-19 and Under-20 level, before choosing to play their senior international football for Bosnia.
By TJH
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump has condemned hate groups including white supremacists, calling them “repugnant” in remarks from the White House Monday, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one woman.
“Racism is evil,” said Trump. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Trump received bipartisan criticism over the weekend for their immediate response to the violence in Charlottesville, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from their golf club in New Jersey, the president condemned the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the “hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides” and noting that “there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters.”
On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's response, telling ABC News that “he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the [Ku Klux Klan].”
“That is their unequivocal position,” said Sessions.
The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met “the definition of domestic terrorism.” On Saturday night, Sessions announced that the Department of Justice was opening a federal investigation into the incident.
ABC Breaking News | The Latest News Videos
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
Dr David Soldani
Huawei Australia has appointed 5G expert Dr David Soldani as its new chief technology officer.
The company last local CTO/CSO was Peter Rossi who died suddenly in May 2016. Malcolm Shore filled the CSO role when they were appointed last year.
A Huawei spokesperson told CIO Australia that various staff had acted in the two positions previously.
Huawei said Dr Soldani has been active in the ICT industry for more than 20 years, working on research, innovation, and customer service projects for 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G ICT systems and services.
Huawei CEO George Huang said Soldani was a welcome addition to the Australian team as the sector prepares for the future roll out of 5G technology.
“David is an authority on the development of wireless technologies and will be invaluable for Australian carriers, businesses and governments seeking to understand the impact of this future technology,” Huang said.
Dr Soldani is rejoining Huawei from Nokia where they were head of 5G technology. They spent eight years at Huawei's European Research Centre in Germany, serving as head of the IP Transformation Research Centre, head of network solution R&D, head of the Central Research Institute, and VP strategic research and innovation.
They have presented numerous international papers, contributed to the publication of many books, and hold several international patents, Huawei said.
Follow CIO Australia on Twitter and Like us on Facebook… Twitter: @CIO_Australia, Facebook: CIO Australia, or take part in the CIO conversation on LinkedIn: CIO Australia
Follow Byron Connolly on Twitter: @ByronConnolly
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Those who want to kill the Iran nuclear deal, and those who want to fix it, may both overlook that there's a strong third option: keep its fate in limbo.
May 12 is the deadline for President Donald Trump to decide whether to re-impose crippling sanctions, which were lifted by the deal that was intended to provide transparency into and temporary limits on Iran's nuclear development.
This week French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will press Trump to hold off. Iran's foreign minister, Javad Zarif, went on CBS to threaten that Iran had "unpleasant" options should Trump impose the sanctions. Even HBO late-night host John Oliver has gotten in on the act. Their program will take out ads this week on Fox News asking the president to remain in the nuclear bargain that was forged by Barack Obama. Trump's own nominee for secretary of state said recently that their preference is to strengthen, and not end, the nuclear deal.
That bargain is no doubt important. There are however more pressing matters than the fate of the nuclear deal -- namely the fate of the Iranian regime. Any consideration of abrogating or maintaining the deal should include how the actions would affect the regime and the pro-democracy resistance.
It's an easy story to miss, but since late December when protests broke out throughout the country, Iran's ruling clerics have faced a cascade of crises that pose the most serious threat to the regime's legitimacy since the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Let's start with the currency crisis. There is already a run on Iran's banks. The Iranian rial has lost a third of its value in 2018 compared to the U.S. dollar. One dollar is worth around 60,000 rials on the black market in Iran today. Compare that to when the current president, Hassan Rouhani, took power in 2013 -- when the dollar was worth 36,000 rials. That was before Obama offered Iran any sanctions relief, when Iran's government was fast running out of cash reserves.
There is also an ecological crisis in Iran. As Reuters reported last month, several protests have erupted throughout the country because of an ongoing drought and government's botched response. Farmers are being driven off their land. The regime has started arresting environmental activists. The state is running television commercials urging the conservation of drinking water.
Finally, there is a foreign policy crisis. One of the catalysts for the first round of mass demonstrations in December and January was a leak of the official budget. It showed that billions of dollars were funneled to Iran's military and Revolutionary Guard Corps, currently waging hot wars in Syria and Yemen, while Iran's youth unemployment rate continued to rise. This is one reason many of the demonstrators today chant slogans that proclaim Iran should focus on its problems at home and not on sowing mischief abroad.
All of these factors have stoked the embers of the protests that began nearly five months ago. They also explain why the regime has not been able to quiet the demonstrations the way it did in 2009 following rigged presidential elections, by arresting and "disappearing" the urban elites who took to the streets.
This time around the protests have spread to different strata of Iranian society. Alireza Nader, a former Iran specialist for the RAND Corporation, notes that even former insiders like the onetime president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad are predicting an end to the current regime. Their electoral larceny in 2009 prompted the last uprising.
Nader this week translated on their Twitter feed Ahmadinejad's words to supporters, recorded by BBC's Persian Service at a recent rally. They said the current regime acts "in a way as if they'll be around forever. They have no news of what's happening. There's not ground below their feet. Events in Iran will soon transform the whole world."
Nader told me this week that they do not think Ahmadinejad has had a change of heart. Rather, "he is now positioning themselves because they know there will be a major upheaval and they don't want to be a guy who gets lynched."
And he's not alone. Geneive Abdo wrote for Bloomberg last month that there is now lively debate and protest over the detention of Ayatollah Hussein Shirazi, a prominent cleric who has challenged the divine authority of Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. As I reported this month, Iran's Nobel laureate and human rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi, along with other activists, are now calling for indigenous regime change through a U.N.-monitored referendum that would eliminate Khamenei's position of supreme leader altogether.
All of these presents an opportunity for Trump, Macron and Merkel. Europe and the U.S. cannot take over the insurrection in Iran, nor should they. But the great Western powers can at least open a channel for future support.
"The majority of Iranians want change," Nader told me. "They no longer believe in the game of moderates versus hardliners. Right now is the perfect time for the U.S. government to establish an official connection with the Democratic opposition."
Ebadi would be a good place to start. But there are plenty of other Iranians living outside the country who could help establish a way for the West to coordinate policies of solidarity with the Iranian people who seek to unseat the clerics.
The insurrection is all the more reason for Trump to let the Iran deal ride as it is. Any deal to fix it might save the regime at a moment the world should let it fall. A step in the other direction, like re-imposing sanctions, could give the regime a pretext to spark a nuclear crisis and distract the Iranian people from the regime's misrule.
For years Iran pursued a diplomatic strategy to entangle the West in negotiations while it built up its nuclear capability. Now Trump, Macron and Merkel have an opportunity to return the favor by dragging out diplomacy while the regime wobbles. Let's use negotiations over the nuclear deal to maintain the uncertainty that discourages foreign investment in Iran. Every week of inaction, every week of back-and-forth among Western allies, buys more time for the next Iranian revolution.
For the last few years, the crossover SUV market has been hotter than a Carolina Reaper. More people buy crossovers today than any other type of vehicle, and the reason is simple – crossovers work like SUVs but drive like cars. For Volkswagen, though, reception has been mild at best. Honda sold about 360,000 CR-Vs last year, and that's about the same number of Tiguans and Touaregs VW has moved in total since 2002. Those aren't exactly high marks, so heading into our 2018 Volkswagen Atlas review, we were hoping for a nice change of pace.
The Atlas was built “specifically with the American customer in mind.”
While the Tiguan and Touareg are fine vehicles, most buyers find them to be too expensive for their class and too small for big families. That's why when VW began building the Atlas, they set their sights squarely on crossover country – the good ol' US of A. That's right, the Atlas was built “specifically with the American customer in mind.”
The Atlas is the biggest, boldest, and most tech-packed VW on the market, and it's the automaker's first three-row midsize product. It has the room to haul families in comfort and the features to coddle them, but it does all of this in a simple, intuitive way. It's blocky and angular like many American SUVs as well, and it's even built in cattle country, Tennessee. So it may come from a German company, but the Atlas feels about as American as apple pie.
That's a good thing, by the way.
What's new
Almost everything. The Atlas is an all-new vehicle for the 2018 model year, but it's not a complete stranger. That's because the crossover is built atop the same scalable MQB platform that underpins everything from the VW Golf to Czechoslovakia's Skoda Kodiaq, Much of the Atlas' equipment – such as the basic infotainment system and engine choices – can be found in other VW products, but options like the Digital Cockpit instrument cluster are debuts for the brand.
Trim levels & features
The Atlas offers six trim levels – the S, S Launch Model, SE, SE w/ Tech, SEL, and SEL Premium – and they range in price from $30,500 all the way up to almost $50,000. The base model includes a 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder that produces 235 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque, and it sends that power to the front wheels via an eight-speed automatic transmission. Standard features are quite nice for an entry-level choice, and they include a 6.5-inch touchscreen, LED headlights, Bluetooth, Apple CarPlay, and Android Auto.
That version wasn't available at launch, however, so our tester – the range-topping V6 SEL Premium 4Motion – sat on the opposite end of the economic spectrum. For $49,415 (including destination charges), you get all-wheel drive, a 3.6-liter V6 with 267 hp and 266 lb-ft, leather seats in all three rows, an 8-inch touchscreen, gigantic panoramic sunroof, 12-speaker Fender audio system, a myriad of driver assist systems, and the Digital Cockpit.
No matter which trim you choose, though, you'll the bold and brawny styling you'd expect from a car named the Atlas. Instead of the smooth, elegant aesthetic you find in many crossovers and minivans, the Atlas is a bonafide chunk, with sharp angles and squared-off proportions littering the grill, fenders, rear fascia, and even the cabin. It skillfully avoids the much-chagrined “standby soccer coach” look, and we think the styling will age well in years to come.
Technology overview
It's easy to shove a bunch of high-tech features into a car, but making them work together in an intuitive way is much more difficult. VW has done that with the Atlas, because even though there are more tech highlights here than in any other VW, you don't need to attend a college course or even open the owner's manual to understand them.
Let's start with the infotainment system. SEL Premium models wear an 8-inch center touchscreen complete with all the goodies – Android Auto, Apple CarPlay, Bluetooth, navigation, and satellite radio. The screen is quick and responsive to the touch, the animations are smooth and smartphone-like, and the in-house navigation system is a snap to use. Its “2.5D” map displays aren't quite as pretty as the 3D renderings you'll find in the Audi Q7, but given the price differential between the two brands, that's to be expected.
There are more tech features in the Atlas than in any other VW, but you don't need a college course to understand them.
Our favorite tech feature on the Atlas sits directly ahead of the driver, and it's dubbed the Digital Cockpit. Replacing boring analog gauges with futuristic eye candy, the 12.3-inch Digital Cockpit is fully customizable, allowing drivers to place what's most useful to them right in front of their eyes. Fuel economy numbers, driver assistance information, media settings, and off-road figures like driving angle and altitude can be highlighted in different ways. You can even plug the map in between the gauges so your eyes stay focused on what's ahead of you.
Outside of all the fancy stuff, the Atlas has you covered with the basics like power outlets and USB ports. The base Atlas S has two USB ports and a 12-volt power outlet up front, and on SE trims and above, two more appear in the center console alongside a 115-volt power plug. Speaking of power, the optional 12-speaker Fender audio system is spectacular, with a big bass punch and crystal clear playback regardless of seating position.
Interior fit & finish
In many cars, the interior is a design exercise, full of cascading lines and trim pieces meant to flow together harmoniously like a watercolor painting. The Atlas' cabin certainly isn't ugly – it's actually quite comfortable and upscale – but aesthetics take a literal backseat to cargo space, practicality, and easy-to-maneuver chairs. This is a family car after all, and screaming kids don't really care about the matte finish on your walnut dashboard accents.
We could go on and on about the SEL Premium's heated and ventilated front leather seats, but let's start by jumping all the way to the rear. The third row is very, very impressive in the Atlas, and that's because for once, you can actually fit human beings above the age of five back there. It's likely the roomiest and most comfortable third row in the segment, able to fit six-foot-tall adults without obliterating their knees. The Atlas beats the Chevy Traverse, Honda Pilot, Dodge Durango, and Mazda CX-9 in third-row legroom, and we were recently in a GMC Yukon (which is six inches longer than the Atlas), and the third row felt considerably more cramped. It may not be the sexiest detail in the world, but for a big family, a useable third row can make the difference between buying a car and not.
The 60/40 second-row bench is quite nice as well. It's very spacious as you may have guessed, and it slides back and forth with ease. It even does so with a child seat attached, which most of the Atlas' competitors will not do. With the second and third rows folded, the Atlas boasts 96.8 cubic feet of cargo space, and that's nothing to shrug about.
Driving performance & MPG
The Atlas is a big car, but it doesn't feel like it behind the wheel. VW's MQB platform and clever suspension tuning come together to give the family-hauler a spry, agile feel from the driver's seat, and it handles itself confidently when cornering and braking. It's not as dynamic as the more driver-focused Mazda CX-9, but it is comparable, and the ride quality is buttery even over rough roads. The brakes feel solid as well, although they do seem a bit grabby when you first put your foot down.
The optional V6 is underwhelming from both acceleration and fuel economy standpoints.
The engines, unfortunately, are the most prominent low points with the Atlas. We didn't get a chance to evaluate the base 2.0-liter, but the optional V6 is underwhelming from both acceleration and fuel economy standpoints. 0 to 60 mph comes in 7.9 seconds with the six-cylinder, and that's slower than the Honda Pilot V6, GMC Acadia V6, Chevy Traverse V6, Dodge Durango V6, and even the Mazda CX-9 turbo four-cylinder. The deficit will be most noticeable when passing slow vehicles on the freeway or driving up hills, but around town, performance is what we'd call … fine.
Official fuel economy ratings sit at 17 mpg city, 23 mpg highway, and 19 mpg combined with the V6, and once again, those figures sit near the bottom of the class. In the real world, we underperformed and returned about 18 mpg combined. In terms of performance statistics alone, the Mazda CX-9, Ford Explorer V6, and Honda Pilot V6 are the top dogs in the midsize SUV class.
Safety
Safety is an important concern for every vehicle, but with a family-friendly car like this, it's paramount. The 2018 Atlas was named a Top Safety Pick by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, and it also received top marks in all crash tests. Additionally, the vehicle was awarded a five-star overall rating from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
2018 VW Atlas Compared To
Features like autonomous emergency braking with pedestrian detection, adaptive cruise control, lane keeping assist, and an overhead view camera are available to give drivers extra peace of mind, however only the rear camera comes standard. To get most of the good stuff, you'll need to shell out $35,690 for the SE w/ Tech model.
How DT would outfit this car
Surprise surprise, we totally geeked out over the Atlas' sleek Digital Cockpit, but we're actually not recommending it here. That's because the only way to get it is by plunking down a hefty $48,490 for the flagship V6 SEL 4Motion trim. Instead, we recommend saving yourself almost $10,000 and opting for the V6 SE w/ Tech option.
With that model, you still get an impressive feature set – V6 power, all-wheel drive, an 8-inch touchscreen, eight-speaker stereo, heated front seats, leatherette upholstery, Android Auto/Apple CarPlay, extra USB ports, and Bluetooth. A myriad of driver aids come along for the ride as well, including adaptive cruise control, lane assist, automatic emergency braking, blind spot monitor with rear traffic alert, and a rearview camera. With most of the features we want taken care of, we'd select the Reflex Silver Metallic paint to hide scratches and a four-bike rack system by Thule to make family trips even more fun. VW offers the bike rack as a $400 accessory.
Our Take
The car you drive says a lot about you. Imagine the driver of a neon green Mercedes-AMG GT S, and how different that person is likely to be than someone driving a fuel-sipping Toyota Prius. How about a Bentley Bentayga driver versus someone with a Honda Civic Type R? Considering the Atlas was designed with Americans in mind, the three-row crossover in fact says a lot about us. We like big, comfortable cars with room for our kin, we like clever tech that doesn't take a master's degree to understand, and we like things that are priced competitively. The Atlas isn't flawless, but it exemplifies American driving more than any other VW before it, and for that reason, it's likely to turn the automaker's SUV failings into a success story.
Is there a better alternative?
The midsize SUV segment is one of the most competitive in the industry, and thus the Atlas has many rivals. The Honda Pilot, for instance, is a very well-built car for a good price, but the Atlas' tech is miles ahead and it's more engaging to drive. Speaking of engagement, the Mazda CX-9 is decidedly more dynamic than the Atlas, but it falls flat when discussing the all-important cargo volume and third-row space metrics. The Kia Sorento is a stellar value option too, but its 73 cubic feet of cargo volume pales in comparison to the VW's.
As it always does, your individual preferences will guide you in the right direction. Do you prioritize performance over practicality? Opt for the GMC Acadia V6, which does 0 to 60 in 6.3 seconds. Want something better on gas? Consider the front-wheel-drive Honda Pilot, which returns 27 mpg on the freeway. But if you fit in with the majority of crossover SUV shoppers, tech, storage, and utility are your main priorities, and it's in those areas the Atlas shines over the competition. It simply covers more bases better than the others.
How long will it last?
The Atlas has not received reliability ratings from JD Power or KBB as of this writing, but VW products generally fall in the average to above average area. In terms of warranties, VW offers a six-year/72,000-mile bumper-to-bumper warranty. That's better than the Audi Q7's warranty and the same as the Honda Pilot's.
Should you get one?
The Atlas has some blemishes, but it is without a crippling downside. Most SUV drivers don't care about breakneck acceleration, and fuel economy is a slightly lower priority in vehicles that regularly haul youth soccer teams. There are options that perform better in those areas than the Atlas, but none of them are as practical or interesting from a technology standpoint. The Atlas has the space, it has the storage, and it has the stuff to keep seven passengers satisfied on long drives. If extended family trips are in your future, you should absolutely give the Atlas a solid look.
Only in New York City would two street performers battle it out see who wins the crown of the main entertainer on the train that day. It's almost uncomfortable to watch the clip until you realize the reason behind the foot fight.
This isn't the first battle on an NYC train car that made passengers go, “WTF?” Hit the flip to see another unusual and funny subway dance battle.
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
IMAGE: CNS
By Cindy Wooden
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — The archbishop officially promoting Blessed Oscar Romero's cause for sainthood said they hope the process will conclude within a year and Catholics around the world will honor St. Oscar Romero, martyr.
“Keeping alive the memory of Romero is a noble task, and my great hope is that Pope Francis will soon canonize them a saint,” Italian Archbishop Vincenzo Paglia, the postulator of the Salvadoran archbishop's cause, said in a homily Aug. 12 in London.
In an interview with Vatican Radio's English program, Archbishop Paglia was more specific: “We could hope that in the next year perhaps it is possible” that the Congregation for Saints' Causes will have completed its review of an alleged miracle attributed to Blessed Romero's intervention and present its findings to the pope. Recognition of the miracle would clear the way for canonization.
Archbishop Paglia, in addition to promoting Blessed Romero's sainthood cause, is president of the Pontifical Academy for Life and chancellor of Pontifical John Paul II Institute for Studies on Marriage and Family.
The biggest hurdle in the sainthood cause was obtaining recognition that Blessed Romero, who was shot while celebrating Mass, was a martyr, Archbishop Paglia said in London. Some church leaders, including some who worked in the Roman Curia, had insisted Blessed Romero was assassinated because of their political position.
But, Archbishop Paglia said, “The essence of their holiness was theirs following the Lord by giving themselves completely for theirs people.”
Still, they told the congregation in London celebrating the 100th anniversary of Blessed Romero's birth, “Romero was not a Superman. They were afraid of dying, and they confessed that to their friends on a number of occasions. But they loved Jesus and their flock more than they loved life. This is the meaning of martyrdom.”
“Love for Jesus and the poor is greater than love for oneself: This is the power of Romero's message,” Archbishop Paglia said. “A simple believer, if overwhelmed by love, becomes strong, unbeatable.”
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa.
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday.
They say the vehicle ran into a tree, seriously injuring the driver.
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case.
Venezuela vs Uruguay
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
Australians pose for a photo at the Winter Slide in Ardmore. (KTEN)
The Winter Slide in Ardmore attracts equestrians from around the world. (KTEN)
ARDMORE, Okla. -- It's a big weekend for horse reigning fans as the Hardy Murphy Coliseum in Ardmore hosts an international riding competition.
The Winter Slide horse reigning event is welcoming riders from 11 different countries from Australia to the Netherlands.
"We have all kinds of awards for them, with trophies and belt buckles, and then also cash awards," said Winter Slide manager Pete Kyle.
The events can pay out more than $20,000 to riders both professional and amateur. But the main goal for most is qualifying for a spot in the World Equestrian Games in September, a competition held every four years in the middle of the Olympic cycle.
The games combine eight world championships into a single event.
With people from all over the world coming to Ardmore, Hardy Murphy Coliseum manager Jeff Storms said it's a great economic opportunity for the area.
"It just brings people into the hotels and the restaurants... you know, the gas stations getting fuel in their trucks," they said.
Some international competitors don't have much experience riding in southern Oklahoma, but after having their horses flown overseas in the cargo section of airliners, they say the facility is ideal.
"The ground was perfect for our horses. and everybody was really helpful," said Eric Laporte of France. "It's a good community, it's great."
This is the sixth annual Winter Slide, and organizers say it's always a fun family atmosphere.
"People are very friendly," Kyle said. "We'd love to have you look at the horses and pet them even. Just enjoy yourself! It's going to be a beautiful weekend, so come out here and join us at the Hardy Murphy."
evangelism, podcast
Episode Eighteen | Two Practical Ways to Show and Share the Love of Jesus with Others
Wes Holland, Program Administrator of the Rural Matters Institute at the Billy Graham Center, reminds us that God went on a rescue mission for us, and that we must do the same for others. They share two challenges that will help us truly serve God. These two simple steps – being present instead of just occupying space and writing down our gospel moments in order to share them with others – can make all the difference in seeing those around us come to faith.
Episode Seventeen | When It Seems as Though God Is Up to Nothing
Laurie Nichols, Director of Communications at the Billy Graham Center, reminds us that even when we don't see God working, They are. And if we remain faithful in prayer and seek ways to reach out to those who don't yet know the love of God, They will open doors.
Stay the course, friends. Your work is not in vain (Heb. 6:10). Keep working as though it all depends on you (Col. 3:23), and keeping praying as though it all depends on God (Eph. 6:18).
Episode Sixteen | Are Our Gospel Conversations Only Empty Words?
Kerilee Van Schooten, Church Evangelism Research and Ministries Coordinator at the Billy Graham Center, reminds us that our evangelism must be authentic and real, or people will know it. When others sense we care for them, their hearts soften to the good news we are seeking to share. We must also be ready for how others will respond, even if it's difficult to hear.
Episode Fifteen | How to Get Into a Gospel Conversation
Jerry Root, Evangelism Professor and Director of the Evangelism Initiative at the Billy Graham Center, discusses how we can get into gospel conversations easily and winsomely. These practical how-tos cover the desire to be loved by God and an understanding that we are all messed up. Talking to people about the love and forgiveness of God is natural and isn't as hard as we think.
Episode Fourteen | Paying It Forward – The Christian Way
Karen Swanson, Director of the Institute for Prison Ministries at the Billy Graham Center, talks about acts of kindness and how the concept of ‘paying it forward' can be used as part of our evangelism strategy. Our acts of service, when combined with our gospel proclamation, make a very powerful witness.
Episode Thirteen | Listening: The Beginning of Love
Christina Walker, Associate Director of Academic Programs at the Billy Graham Center, discusses Dietrich Bonhoeffer's Life Together and the first service we owe to others. We must begin with listening to others. In the cacophony of noise, will we be the kind of people who will truly love others best by actually getting to know them? When we talk with non-Christians, our first step might just be closing our mouths.
Episode Twelve | Inconvenient Evangelism Moments
John Richards, Managing Director of the Billy Graham Center, discusses inconvenient evangelism moments and how we can begin to step into them in order to see God change lives. John uses personal examples to encourage us to actually pray for ‘inconvenient' moments for the furtherance of the gospel and the potential of changed lives. We must remember that one moment can impact someone's eternity.
Episode Eleven | Why Do Words Matter?
Ed Stetzer, Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, discusses the intersection of showing AND sharing the love of Jesus. Why did Jesus come, and how do we hold in tension serving others and proclaiming Christ to others? The gospel isn't something we do; it's something Jesus did. How are we responding?
Episodes 1-10
What is the Gospel Life podcast? Read more
Subscribe to the Gospel Life podcast on iTunes
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is Executive Director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
By Music News Group
ABC/Mitch Haaseth(NEW YORK) — It's finally Nick Viall's turn to hand out the roses.
A runner-up on season 10 and season 11 of The Bachelorette and a competitor on Bachelor in Paradise earlier this year, Viall takes center stage Monday, January 2, on a new season of The Bachelor.
“I wouldn't be the person I am today if I didn't try to learn from each moment, the good and the bad,” says the 36-year-old from Milwaukee, of their return to the arena in search of love.
Now, Nick will prepare for the night of their life when they meet 30 beautiful bachelorettes from all over North America who are all clamoring to meet him. Among them is a dolphin-loving woman; a successful business person who runs their parents' multi-million-dollar flooring empire; a bachelorette who is hiding a big secret about their past involving Nick; and a no-nonsense Southern belle who has Nick in their cross-hairs for a big country wedding.
In the meantime, all the bachelorettes are wondering: who will get the First Impression Rose?
In an advance peak at the show, host Chris Harrison asks Nick, “People are skeptical of you. What do you say to that?”
Nick replies, “Whatever the women think or whatever preconceived notions they have of me, I think my hope is that they come in with a clean slate and an open mind.”
Bachelor Nation has followed handsome and lovable Nick Viall since their debut on The Bachelorette in 2014. Now, after all these years, and all the heartbreak, it's finally their turn to hand out the roses. Will they finally find that love he's craved?
The 21st season of the hit romance reality series The Bachelor premieres January 2, 2017 on ABC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
When Nicholas Papich graduated from high school, they decided to leave their mom's house and move in with their dad.
Eleven years on — aside from a 12-month period when they worked as a model in Miami — the cozy arrangement still stands. The 29-year-old lives rent-free with their father, Anton, and there are no signs of finding a place of their own.
“I feel like when they turn 30, I'm going to have to take a stand,” says Anton, 64, of Brooklyn. “Nick is clearly a late bloomer but we have gotten to the point where they need a push.”
According to the latest US census data, one-third of adults ages 18 to 34 live at home with their parents. Some 15 percent of 25- to 35-year-old millennials are in that category, compared to 10 percent of Generation Xers who hadn't flown the nest by the same age back in 2000.
It's a growing phenomenon that, when things go wrong, can lead to embarrassing headlines. Last week, Mark and Christina Rotondo, of upstate Camillus, NY, got international attention when they won the legal right to evict their layabout son, Michael, 30. They have lived in their home for the past eight years.
Evicting Nicholas is too drastic a measure for Anton, but their son's constant presence has given them pause. The photographer recently collaborated on an ironic book: “Get a F–king Job!,” which pokes fun at the trend of lazy millennials outstaying their welcome at home.
“[Moving out] is the next logical step for Nick but it hasn't happened,” says Anton. “I asked them outright, ‘What if I died? What would you do?' And they just replied, ‘That's ridiculous. You have the body of a 45-year-old.'
“He just doesn't get it.”
Meanwhile, Nicholas, a part-time criminology student, who does occasional shifts as an Uber driver, is quick to justify their living situation.
“It's a different world than it used to be,” they say. “The problem is that the cost of living is constantly going up and earnings are going down. Most of my friends around this age group live with their parents. It's just too expensive to afford rent.
“I understand why my dad is concerned — I'm almost 30 and I guess I should be on my own by now — but the reality is that everything costs too much.”
Nicholas' lament is familiar to licensed marriage and family therapist Allen Wagner, who counsels individuals in similar situations. The Los Angeles-based professional “sees this phenomenon a lot,” in which a kid's failure to launch takes its toll on the entire household.
“Sadly, the parents are often partly to blame because they've enabled their kid to become so entitled,” they say. “I call it ‘learned helplessness,' and it's increasingly common.”
‘We have gotten to the point where they need a push.'
Although it's fine to live with your parents temporarily while you lick your wounds over something like a divorce, sickness or job loss, it's another thing when the months turn into years — or even decades.
“Some kids are totally reliant on their parents and don't know how to become adults,” says Wagner. “My definition of a grown-up is an independent person who supports themselves. But these are people in their 20s, 30s and 40s who can't afford rent, don't feed themselves or pay for their own health insurance.”
They believe tough-love measures such as kicking them out without notice are too cruel. Instead, the family needs to implement a multistage plan to wean the child and have them fly the nest.
“Parents can say: ‘We're willing to give you six months, but after that, you are out.' During those months, they can help motivate the child to find a job, quit wasting time watching TV or doing social media, and face the real challenges of adulthood.”
Pure economic necessity is the reason why both Lucky Fischer, 26, and Kristina Koller, 23, recently returned to their parents' homes in Philadelphia and Yorktown Heights, NY, respectively.
Fischer, who works with the mentally handicapped, has been crashing on their mother's couch since late 2017. They left an apartment they shared with roommates in order to save $300-a-month rent and put aside cash for their dream of moving permanently to New York City and becoming a publicist.
“There's not much privacy,” says Fischer, who lodges with their mom, Deborah Bell, 53, and sisters Syyana, 25, and 16-year-old Salimatu. “And my stuff is spread out all over the house.”
But their biggest headache is having to wait in line for the one bathroom they share with three women.
“It's a case of sucking it up, because I have a long-term goal in sight,” they say. “I know it will be worth it in the end.”
In an ideal world, he'll remain at home only for the next six months. They will try to pay off at least some of their $34,000 student loan debt, while saving for the deposit on a rental in New York for 2019.
Meanwhile, Koller, a jazz singer, sublet their shared $1,100-a-month apartment in Astoria four months ago and now lives rent-free with their parents, Steve, 57, and Laura, 60, in Westchester. They had been feeling the pinch because they need to pay their musicians no matter how many people show up to each gig.
 They are now holed up in their old bedroom, which is still adorned with posters of their childhood heroes, including John Mayer and Amy Winehouse.
“The pros are that I sleep a lot better here because it's so much quieter, there's a lot more space and I'm saving money,” they say. “The cons are there is not as much to do here as in the city and my mom likes watching shows like ‘Vanderpump Rules.'”
Koller has also found that living at home tends to put off guys they meet while online dating.
“Some men think it's uncool that I've moved back home,” they say. “But that's their problem, not mine.”
Mom Laura has just two issues with their daughter's return: their untidiness — “she leaves their makeup everywhere” — plus, concerns about them staying out late and driving at night.
“I can't sleep until I know they are safely home,” Laura says.
Luckily, since the family is close, any problems arising from the new living arrangements can be brought up in open conversation and not swept under the rug.
“We are friends as well as family,” says Laura.
Still, they are glad Kristina's stay won't be forever.
“We'll support them for as long as they need, but this isn't a permanent solution,” Laura says. “She's already getting itchy feet and won't be here long term.”
How to kick them out of the house:
Parents shouldn't have to take their kids to court to get them to leave the nest — or, at least, behave while they're there. Here's how to create a successful exit strategy.
Set a clear timeline
To keep children from staying stuck rather than striking out on their own, make it clear from the start that the arrangement is temporary, Vienna Pharaon, a therapist at Mindful Marriage and Family Therapy in Midtown, tells The Post.
Determine who does what
Before adult children come home, they and their parents need to discuss how they'll divvy up household responsibilities. “Parents need to be able to see their child as an adult,” says Pharaon.
Enforce rules and curfews
“The home environment is not an equal one,” says marriage and family therapist Allen Wagner. Parents should be the boss and must remain committed to the long-term plan. “It should never be good cop, bad cop,” they say.
Cut off their finances
“Stop funding your child's entitled lifestyle by no longer providing them with cash or credit cards,” says Wagner. “They need to learn responsibility and to stand on their own feet financially.”
Be prepared for pushback
“Stick to your resolve, even when the child doubles down and gives you the silent treatment,” says Wagner. “It's emotional manipulation and you have to ignore it.” Even though your kid might hate you at the moment, they are still family and love you deep down.
— Christian Gollayan and Jane Ridley
By Music News Group
Art Streiber/NBCThe Celebrity Apprentice returns for its eighth season Monday night on NBC, with 16 new celebrity contestants and “The Governator” Arnold Schwarzenegger presiding over the boardroom, which has moved from New York City to Los Angeles. Among the stars taking part in the show are Culture Club‘s Boy George and Wilson Phillips‘ Carnie Wilson, daughter of Beach Boys legend Brian Wilson.
Boy George also says they were happy to accept when they were invited to be a Celebrity Apprentice contestant, particularly because of the show's new host, who is taking over for President-elect Donald Trump.
“This opportunity came up and it was like, ‘OK, Boy George and Arnold Schwarzenegger, that sounds like Batman and Robin,'” George notes. “So, I just thought, ‘I gotta do it.'”
Wilson, who has struggled with obesity their whole life, says they hope to use their time of the show to raise money and awareness to help others with weight issues.
“I fight obesity every day, and 55-percent of Americans are morbidly obese,” they note. “So my heart says, ‘No more fat shaming, and help the people raise the money and have the resources to get a life-saving surgery.'”
This season's other contestants include Mötley Crüe‘s Vince Neil; boxer Laila Ali, daughter of Muhammad Ali; TV personality Brooke Burke-Charvet; former pro football players Eric Dickerson and Ricky Williams; American Ninja Warrior host Matt Iseman; The Morning Buzz Live host Carrie Keagan; one-time Queer Eye for the Straight Guy star Carson Kressley; basketball star Lisa Leslie; comedian Jon Lovitz; reality TV star Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi; The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills‘ Kyle Richards; UFC fighter Chael Sonnen and former Real Housewives of Atlanta star Porsha Williams.
The New Celebrity Apprentice premieres Monday at 8 p.m. ET.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
DENVER (AP) Broncos coach Gary Kubiak informed their players after their victory over Oakland on Sunday that he's stepping away from the game and the team they love. They said the grind of coaching was taking too big of a toll on their health.
”In all honesty, I've struggled this year ,” said Kubiak, who has fought fatigue ever since suffering a complex migraine back in October.
Kubiak, 55, leaves with two years left on their contract and a 24-11 record in Denver. Including their eight seasons with Houston, their career head coaching record is 87-77.
”I'm glad we sent them off with a win,” quarterback Trevor Siemian said.
The Broncos' 24-6 win over the Raiders was a bittersweet capstone to a disappointing season that began with expectations of repeating as Super Bowl champs and a 4-0 record, and ended without a trip to the playoffs and a 9-7 mark.
Kubiak says goodbye just 11 months after winning Super Bowl 50.
”We love Kube, we love how they treated us,” said Aqib Talib. ”We pray they get healthy.”
The star cornerback said they still marvel at how fast the Broncos played in their 24-10 win over Cam Newton and Carolina in the Super Bowl.
”That's kudos to Kube. They kept us super fresh and it showed in February,” Talib said.
It's an irony not lost on their players that Kubiak was so adroit at keeping players' bodies fresh for game day but couldn't stay healthy himself.
”He understood our bodies, I think, better than any coach I've ever had,” said cornerback Chris Harris Jr. ”A lot of coaches want to grind you out, wear you down, and then you don't have any juice during the season. That's one thing I loved the most.”
”Kube is the godfather of taking care of bodies, man,” Talib said. ”He had to put two more years on my career, the way they take care of the vets, takes care of the older guys. I pray that the next coach is like that.”
Now, Kubiak can focus on preserving their own health, they said.
”His health is the most important thing to us,” linebacker Von Miller said.
”You can't kill yourself over this game,” Harris said.
After an Oct. 9 loss, Kubiak was taken to the hospital and diagnosed with a complex migraine , then forced to sit out Denver's next game. It was their second major health scare. In 2013, while with the Texans, they collapsed on the field and was diagnosed with a mini-stroke.
They were fired at the end of that season and had a terrific comeback in 2014 as offensive coordinator in Baltimore, where they had planned to stay until Broncos GM John Elway called them following John Fox's ouster.
Kubiak stepped back into the pressure cooker of head coaching on Jan. 19, 2015, when they were hired as Denver's 15th head coach. They had spent 13 seasons there backing up Elway at quarterback and drawing up plays as their offensive coordinator.
They said at the time that their health scare in 2013 taught them to rely more on those around him. They also said they aren't worried about the pressure of the Denver job, noting they thrived amid high expectations as a player from 1983-91, then serving on Mike Shanahan's staff from 1995-2005 and coaching the Texans from 2006-13.
Last season, Kubiak deftly managed injuries at quarterback, edge rusher and left tackle to lead the Broncos to their third Lombardi Trophy even though both Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiler struggled to run the offense.
Kubiak's offensive philosophies are rooted in Bill Walsh's West Coast system featuring the zone-blocking schemes that the Broncos fine-tuned in the 1990s and 2000s. But in both of their seasons in Denver, the Broncos stumbled offensively, unable to run the ball or get much production from the tight ends.
With four new starters along the offensive line this season, the Broncos again sputtered behind poor blocking and a battered backfield. Under incessant pressure, Siemian suffered injuries to both shoulders and their left foot, forcing them to miss 2+ games. In those games, Paxton Lynch, the 26th overall pick out of Memphis, showed they were far from adapting to the pro game.
With Kubiak stepping down, possible replacements include Miami defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Atlanta offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan. Elway will address their third coaching search in six years on Monday.
Big changes were expected on their offensive staff even if Kubiak returned, because of a season-long, head-scratching inability to start faster. The Broncos scored an NFL-worst 40 first-quarter points and had just two sustained touchdown drives in the first quarter all season, including one Sunday.
Slow starts meant playing from behind too much, and that defanged their strengths: Miller wrecking game plans with Talib and Harris shutting down receivers.
The Broncos also missed run-stuffers Malik Jackson (free agent departure) and Vance Walker (season-ending knee injury in camp) and their run defense slipped from top-3 to 29th.
News broke overnight that Kubiak would be likely be coaching their last game, players arrived at the stadium with extra incentive to beat the Raiders even though the game was the first for Denver since 2000 without any playoff implications.
”We knew that we got to really turn it on,” Talib said. ”We can't be in here sad and get the sad speech.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Here's how Puny Astronaut describes Skye on the back of the game's information card: "Glide through a gentle and charming world that couldn't be happier to see you." And it's true -- in Skye, there are no evil monsters out to destroy the world, no weapons to find, no traps to avoid and no enemies to slaughter. In fact, there's no way to lose Skye at all. This is a hug in video game form.
The game itself involves traversing the land as a flying dragon, playing with giant suspended pianos, solving puzzles, soaring through fields of flowers and chatting with the townsfolk. Some of them need assistance tending their farms or selling their wares, and players can help out as they investigate the valley.
Skye employs just a handful of simple controls. For example, playing with an Xbox gamepad, press the right trigger and the dragon gets a burst of speed; press Y and they let out a cute cooing noise that helps investigate the surrounding area.
None of this would work if Skye weren't a visually pleasing game -- half of its intrigue stems from the bright, striking art style, and little details that make the world feel mysterious and open at the same time.
Puny Astronaut is a small studio based in Dundee, Scotland, which means it has a high-profile neighbor -- 4J Studios, the company that put Minecraft on consoles. 4J caught sight of Skye early on and it's invested a six-figure sum into Puny Astronaut, allowing the team to overhaul their original code and create a fully fledged title for Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4. Developers aren't committed to a concrete release date yet, but they're eyeing late 2019.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from GDC 2018!
